Vladimír Mečiar : Vladimír Mečiar (; born 26 July 1942) is a Slovak politician who served as Prime Minister of Slovakia three times, from 1990 to 1991, from 1992 to 1994 and from 1994 to 1998.
Christian Kane : Kane was born in Dallas, Texas.
Christian Kane : Christian Kane (born June 27, 1972) is an American actor and singer-songwriter.
Christian Kane : He is known for his roles in the television shows "Angel", "Leverage", "The Librarians" and "Into the West", and the movies "Just Married", "Taxi", and "Secondhand Lions".
Christian Kane : Kane is the lead singer of the country-southern rock band Kane.
Christian Kane : Their label debut, "The House Rules", was released December 7, 2010.
Christian Kane : In Los Angeles, he worked at a talent management company, where he delivered scripts in exchange for getting acting jobs.
Christian Kane : While growing up in Texas and Oklahoma, Kane was a collegiate-style wrestler and played football (as a strong safety).
Christian Kane : The first single from the album, also titled "The House Rules", debuted at no.
Christian Kane : He studied art history at the University of Oklahoma, but decided he wanted to be an actor and headed to Los Angeles before finishing the degree.
Christian Kane : The family moved around the South and the Midwest because his father was in the oil business, and they finally settled in Norman, Oklahoma, when Kane was in eighth grade.
Martti Ahtisaari : He remains Chairman Emeritus.
Martti Ahtisaari : In 2008 Ahtisaari was awarded an honorary degree by University College, London.
Martti Ahtisaari : Since leaving office, Ahtisaari has held positions in various international organisations.
Martti Ahtisaari : In 1993, Ahtisaari accepted the candidacy of the Social Democratic Party.
Martti Ahtisaari : The couple has one son, Marko Ahtisaari, a technology entrepreneur and musician.
Martti Ahtisaari : In October 2008, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize "for his important efforts, on several continents and over more than three decades, to resolve international conflicts".
Martti Ahtisaari : He was succeeded by the foreign minister Tarja Halonen.
Martti Ahtisaari : Finland's ongoing recession caused established political figures to lose public support, and the presidential elections were now direct, instead of being conducted through an electoral college.
Martti Ahtisaari : His politically untarnished image was a major factor in the election, as was his vision of Finland as an active participant in international affairs.
Martti Ahtisaari : Often encountering resistance from the Finnish parliament, which preferred a more cautious foreign policy, as well as from within his own party, Ahtisaari did not seek re-election in 2000.
Martti Ahtisaari : President Ahtisaari supported Finland's entry into the European Union, and in a 1994 referendum, 57 percent of Finnish voters were in favour of EU membership.
Martti Ahtisaari : Ahtisaari narrowly won over his second round opponent, Elisabeth Rehn of the Swedish People's Party.
Martti Ahtisaari : In 2000, he became Chairman of the Brussels-based International Crisis Group, an NGO to which he committed $100,000 in government funding in 1994 one month after becoming elected President of Finland.
Martti Ahtisaari : Ahtisaari was a United Nations special envoy for Kosovo, charged with organizing the Kosovo status process negotiations, aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in Kosovo, which later declared its independence from Serbia in 2008.
Martti Ahtisaari : His term as president began with a schism within the Centre Party government led by prime minister Esko Aho, who did not approve of Ahtisaari's being actively involved in foreign policy.
Martti Ahtisaari : He also negotiated alongside Viktor Chernomyrdin with Slobodan Milošević to end the fighting in the Yugoslav province of Kosovo in 1999.
Martti Ahtisaari : Kuopio was where Ahtisaari spent most of his childhood, eventually attending the Kuopion Lyseo high school.
Martti Ahtisaari : The Continuation War (World War II) took Martti's father to the front as an NCO army mechanic, while his mother, Tyyne, moved to Kuopio with her son to escape immediate danger from the war.
Martti Ahtisaari : In 1968, he married Eeva Irmeli Hyvärinen (b.
Martti Ahtisaari : Martti Ahtisaari was born in Viipuri, Finland (now Vyborg, Russia).
Martti Ahtisaari : His father, Oiva Ahtisaari (whose grandfather Julius Marenius Adolfsen had emigrated with his parents to Finland in 1872 from Tistedalen in Southern Norway) took Finnish citizenship in 1929 and Finnicized his surname from Adolfsen in 1936.
Jesper Olsen : Jesper Olsen (born 20 March 1961) is a Danish former footballer who played for Ajax of the Netherlands and Manchester United of England, among other teams.
Jesper Olsen : In 2009, Olsen became one of the Assistant Managers of A-League club, Melbourne Heart.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : He stands 2.10 m (almost 6 ft 11 in) tall.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : They have three children and currently live in Los Angeles.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : He cites this experience as the start of his interest in film.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : He grew up in New York City, Brussels, Frankfurt, and West Berlin and is fluent in English, German, French, Russian, and Italian.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : In 1977, while living as a child in New York, he saw his first movie at the Museum of Modern Art.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : René Pollesch wrote a play, "L'Affaire Martin!
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : According to Pollesch, the director's parents attended a performance and came backstage to say they liked it.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : The film opened to middling number, but eventually ended up grossing US$278.3 million at the worldwide box office, prompting "The Hollywood Reporter" belatedly to proclaim it an "international hit".
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : He expected to see "Doctor Dolittle" but was "exposed instead to" the German melodrama "Varieté".
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : ", which poked fun at von Donnersmarck.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : In 2007, Donnersmarck was one of 115 new members to be invited to join AMPAS.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : The university named 100 streets in Oxford's historical centre after these graduates, with Upper Oxpens Road renamed for Donnersmarck.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : "Graf" Henckel von Donnersmarck is married to Christiane Asschenfeldt, the first International Executive Director of Creative Commons.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : In a 2010 interview with "The Guardian", director Howard Davies named Donnersmarck as the artist he most admired.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : He holds a Master of Arts degree in Philosophy, politics and economics at New College, Oxford, and a diploma in Film Directing from the University of Television and Film Munich.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : In 2011, Donnersmarck was honoured by the University of Oxford, his alma mater, as one of its 100 most distinguished members from 10 centuries.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : His first feature film "Das Leben der Anderen" ("The Lives of Others"), which Donnersmarck spent three years writing, directing and completing, won the European Film Award for Best Film, Best Actor and Best Screenplay in 2006.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : After graduating at the top of his class from the German section of the European School of Brussels I, he studied Russian literature in St. Petersburg for two years and passed the State Exam for Teachers of Russian as a Foreign Language.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : His first short film, "Dobermann" (which he wrote, produced, directed and edited), broke the school record for the number of awards won by a student production.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : The Europe List, a largest survey on European culture, named Donnersmarck's "The Lives of Others" second on a list of the best films in European culture.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : After meeting him at the Davos World Economic Forum, Jay Nordlinger, writing for the "National Review", described Donnersmarck as "one of the most impressive people on the planet".
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : It also won three Teen Choice Awards nominations (Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Actress) of which it won two.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : "Graf" Henckel von Donnersmarck was born in 1973 in Cologne, West Germany, into the aristocratic Roman Catholic Henckel von Donnersmarck family.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : The younger son of Leo-Ferdinand "Graf" (Count) Henckel von Donnersmarck, a former president of the German division of the Order of Malta, and literary scout Anna Maria von Berg, Henckel von Donnersmarck holds German and Austrian citizenships.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : "The Tourist" was a thriller starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp, and was nominated for three Golden Globes: Best Musical or Comedy, Depp for Actor Musical or Comedy and Jolie for Actress Musical or Comedy.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : Donnersmarck won the Los Angeles Film Critics Association's award for Best Foreign Film, was nominated for the Golden Globe (which went to Clint Eastwood instead), and on 25 February 2007 won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : Donnersmarck re-wrote, directed and completed his sophomore work in under eleven months, telling Charlie Rose he had wanted a break from writing a dark screenplay about suicide).
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : His father's only brother, Gregor Henckel-Donnersmarck, is the emeritus abbot at Heiligenkreuz Abbey, a Cistercian monastery in the Vienna Woods where Florian spent a month writing the first draft of "The Lives of Others" (German: "Das Leben der Anderen").
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck : In 1996, he won a directing apprenticeship with Richard Attenborough on "In Love and War", and then went to study at the Fiction Directing Class of the Hochschule für Fernsehen und Film München (University of Television and Film Munich), Germany, alma mater of directors as diverse as Wim Wenders, Roland Emmerich and Maren Ade, who was Donnersmarck's classmate.
Miguel Layún : The match ended in a 1–1 draw.
Miguel Layún : Mexico was eventually eliminated from the competition by Panama in the semi-finals.
Miguel Layún : He played the entire ninety minutes in Mexico's 2–0 victory.
Miguel Layún : On 11 July 2018, Layún joined Villarreal CF on a three-year deal.
Miguel Layún : He made his debut on 11 July in the group stage match against Canada at CenturyLink Field in Seattle.
Miguel Layún : On 31 August 2015, it was announced that Layún would join Porto on a year-long loan deal with an option to buy for €6 million.
Miguel Layún : He was selected for the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup held in the United States, with the entire squad being made up of players from the Mexican league.
Miguel Layún : Miguel Arturo Layún Prado (born 25 June 1988) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Liga MX club Monterrey and the Mexico national team.
Miguel Layún : In 2013, Layún received his first national team call up by coach José Manuel de la Torre after his performances with Club América during the Clausura tournament.
Miguel Layún : On 8 May, Layún was included in Mexico's 23-man squad for the 2014 World Cup.
Roberto Trotta : Roberto Trotta (born 28 January 1969 in Pigüé) is an Argentine football manager and former defender.
Xesús Ferro Ruibal : He works nowadays in a phraseology project of Centro Ramón Piñeiro para a Investigación en Humanidades, where he publishes his logs often.
Xesús Ferro Ruibal : Xesús Ferro Ruibal (Moraña, 1944) is a theologian, Latinist and writer from Galicia.
José Castelblanco : José Joaquim Castelblanco Romero (born December 15, 1969 in Úmbita, Boyacá) is a professional track and road cyclist from Colombia.
Ángel Pindado : Ángel Javier Hernández Pindado (born 24 April 1976) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Ángel Pindado : He retired in June, immediately joining compatriot José Murcia's coaching staff at PFC Levski Sofia.
René Vandereycken : As a player, he got 50 caps and scored 3 goals for the national team, and represented Belgium at the Euro 1980, in the final of which he scored a penalty.
René Vandereycken : The other teams he managed were Gent, Standard, RWDM and Mainz 05.
René Vandereycken : René Vandereycken (born 22 July 1953 in Spalbeek) is a Belgian football manager and a former player.
Obie Trice : He also released the singles "The Set Up" and "Don't Come Down".
Obie Trice : One of the bullets hit him in the head.
Obie Trice : The album was eventually certified platinum by the RIAA.
Obie Trice : In 2005, Trice began work on his second album, entitled "Second Round's on Me".
Obie Trice : Trice's debut album, "Cheers", was released on September 23, 2003 with its first single "Got Some Teeth" being well received on radio in a number of countries.
Obie Trice : On December 31, 2005, Trice´s car was shot 6 times while driving on the Lodge Expressway by Wyoming Avenue in Detroit.
Obie Trice : In June 2008, Obie Trice departed from Shady Records due to concern that he was not being promoted properly.
Obie Trice : He created a freestyle skit on the D12 album "Devil's Night", following up with the line "Obie Trice: real name, no gimmicks", from Eminem's "The Eminem Show" lead single, "Without Me", as well as the song "Drips".
Obie Trice : Obie Trice III (born November 14, 1977) is an American rapper and songwriter.
Obie Trice : Artists featured on "Cheers" include Busta Rhymes, Eminem, 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, D12, Tony Yayo, and Timbaland.
Giovanni Battaglin : Giovanni Battaglin (born 22 July 1951) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist.
Niall McGinn : He made his debut for Northern Ireland in 2008 and has gone on to make 50 international appearances.
Javier Navarrete : Javier Navarrete (born May 9,1956) is a Spanish composer of film scores.
Martin Laursen : He started his senior career with nearby top-flight club Silkeborg IF in the Danish Superliga championship.
Roman Šebrle : Roman Šebrle (; born 26 November 1974) is a retired decathlete from the Czech Republic.
Roman Šebrle : In 1996 Šebrle achieved a score of over 8,000 points for the first time, reaching 8,210 points at a meeting in Prague.
Roman Šebrle : In March 2001 he won the first major tournament – the World Indoor Championships in Lisbon – and in May he shocked the world with a new world record of 9,026 points, marking the first time a decathlete has ever broken the illustrious 9,000 point barrier.
Jordi Colomer : He lives and works in Paris and Barcelona.
Jordi Colomer : In 2008 the Galerie Nationale du Jeu de Paume in Paris hosted a major retrospective exhibition of his work.
Jordi Colomer : Jordi Colomer (born in Barcelona, 1962) is a Spanish artist.
Jordi Colomer : Colomer will represent Spain at 57th Venice Biennale, 2017.
Jordi Colomer : In his first period, he developed sculptures of an architectural scale, walkable buildings, and references to the theater and its devices.
Jordi Colomer : Colomer studied at the School Eina of Art and Design, History of Art and Architecture in Barcelona.
Jordi Colomer : He has worked as a set designer for theater works by Valère Novarina, Joan Brossa, Samuel Beckett, and Robert Ashley.
Jordi Colomer : Other important works are "Arabian Stars" (2005), filmed in Yemen, "A Crime" (2005), "No Future" (2006), and "En la Pampa" (2008), a five-screen installation filmed at the Atacama desert in northern Chile.
Jordi Colomer : The video series "Anarchitekton" (2002–2004), is one of his most emblematic; in the four cities of Barcelona, Bucharest, Brasilia, and Osaka, the character called Idroj Sanicne carries cardboard models and replicas of real buildings.
Jordi Colomer : In 1996 he began working with videos, in the form of micro-narratives where the characters are confronted with objects, sets, and props.
Guillermo Calvo : Selected contributions follow
Guillermo Calvo : 2 in connection with the issue of efficiency wages.
Guillermo Calvo : It is an area in which Calvo is still actively engaged.
Guillermo Calvo : This is another 'first' in this literature.
Guillermo Calvo : The supervision technology in this paper is similar to the one utilized in Ref.
Guillermo Calvo : These ideas have acquired new significance in the present EU crisis.
Guillermo Calvo : However, the model can also be applied (as shown in the original Calvo paper).
Guillermo Calvo : On the other hand, the risk of simplicity is oversimplification.
Guillermo Calvo : Calvo has published several books and over 100 journal articles.
Guillermo Calvo : The main value added is 'simplicity.'
Guillermo Calvo : This has helped to bring his ideas to a wide public, and influence public policy.
Guillermo Calvo : His contributions remain widely cited in academic and policy circles, even though several of them were produced more than twenty years ago, such as his 1988 “Servicing the Public Debt: The Role of Expectations” and his 1991 “Perils of Sterilization.”
Guillermo Calvo : 3b spawned a large literature dealing with EMs.
Guillermo Calvo : In this case, default, not high inflation, is at the heart of the debate.
Guillermo Calvo : His analysis is typically couched in terms of rigorous but elegant models, unencumbered by superfluous detail.
Guillermo Calvo : This is one way of modelling sticky prices for example in New Keynesian DSGE-models (compare Calvo (staggered) contracts).
Guillermo Calvo : The "Calvo pricing" approach widely used by global central banks is named after him.
Guillermo Calvo : This paper is a frontrunner in the theory of Sunspot Equilibrium.
Guillermo Calvo : These papers show examples in which incomplete labor contracts could give rise to unemployment.
Guillermo Calvo : It does not involve an original idea, which hails back to papers by Edmund Phelps and John B. Taylor.
Guillermo Calvo : 4a), contains a model examining the implications of imperfect information within the firm on the firm's wage distribution.
Guillermo Calvo : He is a Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER).
Guillermo Calvo : This is another example of the relevance of Calvo's research in the debate of central policy issues.
Guillermo Calvo : Finally, 7a is another empirical paper showing that capital inflows in Latin America are highly sensitive to external factors.
Guillermo Calvo : This paper received considerable attention; it provides one of the earliest frameworks that help to explain, for instance, why a CEO can earn multiples of his/her underlings' salaries.
Guillermo Calvo : Calvo’s Time Inconsistency paper was the first step in a research program involving credibility issues.
Guillermo Calvo : His first papers go back to the early 1980s, but his research on these topic took flight after the Mexican Tequila crisis in 1994/5 triggered by a sudden increase in US interest rates.
Guillermo Calvo : This is a short list of Calvo's papers focused on capital flows and financial crises.
Guillermo Calvo : He published significant research in macroeconomics, especially monetary economics and the economics of emerging markets and transition economies.
Guillermo Calvo : The combination of these two factors is shown to imply that the wage rate is a function of one's position in the hierarchy: the closer to the top of the hierarchical ladder, the higher the wage, even if individuals are, to all intents and purposes, identical.
Guillermo Calvo : Calvo's research is impressive in that it covers a wide variety of relevant issues in a rigorous fashion and with high policy content.
Guillermo Calvo : Calvo's research illustrate the enormous synergy of the two worlds, a fact that he has managed to convey in inspiring ways in his two MIT books with a collection of his works.
Guillermo Calvo : The AER 1988 paper was motivated by stubborn high inflation in Brazil, despite low public debt and positive primary fiscal surplus.
Guillermo Calvo : Sudden Stop and empirical analyses carried out in 7f have become familiar staple in the literature that now stretches beyond EU.
Guillermo Calvo : 2b further shows that this type of unemployment equilibrium is Pareto inefficient, and can be improved upon by fiscal policy.
Guillermo Calvo : Complex structures are also valuable but, as a general rule, are very hard to test empirically, a fact that detracts from complexity's scientific value.
Guillermo Calvo : Prior to this paper, the dominant explanation for costly price stabilization programs relied on mechanical factors like adaptive expectations/Phillips curve.
Guillermo Calvo : This has led to active research in this subfield, and already appears to have guided ECB policy of trying to keep sovereign debt interest rates low by promising to purchase 'unlimited' amounts of public debt obligations in the euro zone.
Guillermo Calvo : An advantage of Calvo's approach is that it highlights the relevance of central banks' ability to communicate with the public and the importance of getting strong support from the rest of the government and political apparatus, even though individuals are fully rational.
Guillermo Calvo : Expressions like "Calvo equation," "Sudden Stop," "Fear of Floating" – found in, or linked to, his papers – are common currency in the financial jargon.
Guillermo Calvo : This is an empirical paper which is still very visible and has more than 3100 citations according to GS.
Guillermo Calvo : 3a) follows on the lines of the paper by Finn E. Kydland and Edward C. Prescott (for which the authors deservedly got a Nobel Prize.
Guillermo Calvo : This paper shows that under incomplete capital markets, public debt can give rise to multiple equilibriums which can be Pareto ranked.
Guillermo Calvo : In the 'bad' equilibrium interest rates are high and lead to counterproductive behavior, e.g., high inflation or debt default; while in the 'good' equilibrium none of the latter takes place.
Guillermo Calvo : The paper focuses on large and largely unexpected declines in capital inflows, a characteristic of all major crises in EMs since at least the 1990s.
Guillermo Calvo : The two key assumption are "loss of control" – which give rise to a hierarchical supervisory firm structure – and costly supervision.
Guillermo Calvo : The focus of his current research is Emerging Market economies (EMs) that has also proven relevant for advanced economies like those in the eurozone.
Guillermo Calvo : 2a) is a seminal paper in this field and predates by more than five years the celebrated paper by Carl Shapiro and Joseph Stiglitz ("Equilibrium Unemployment as a Worker Discipline Device," in: American Economic Review 1984, p. 433–444).
Guillermo Calvo : Ref 7e shows that despite fixed exchange rates being singled out as a major factor in EM crises in the 1990s, governments in those economies continue 'pegging' their currencies in one way or another.
Guillermo Calvo : The approach was first developed to clarify price stabilization puzzles in EMs, but was eventually incorporated as a fundamental component in New Keynesian economics.
Guillermo Calvo : 5 continues being a key assumption in central banks' monetary models — where it is usually referred to as 'the Calvo Equation' – and, on the whole, it has passed careful empirical tests.
Guillermo Calvo : This paper was circulated soon after that episode and helped to set the stage for sharply different explanations from the one offered in the seminal paper on the mechanics of balance of payment crisis by Paul Krugman.
Guillermo Calvo : According to Calvo (in his book Money, Exchange Rate and Output, MIT Press 1996), his research was independent and he only became aware of the Kydland-Prescott paper when his paper was about to be accepted for publication (Prescott was one of the referees).
Guillermo Calvo : This line of research led several economies in Latin America to taking defensive action and, thus, to navigate through the Lehman crisis without plunging into deep and long-lasting crisis, as was the case in other economies that exhibited large current account deficits (e.g., Iceland and the Baltic economies).
Guillermo Calvo : Calvo has been a frontrunner in incorporating financial sector issues in macroeconomic models and in emphasizing the role of external factors in EMs.
Guillermo Calvo : The latter feeds into high fiscal deficit, validating high-inflation expectations – even under rational expectations.
Guillermo Calvo : Several EMs have benefited from his research showing the severe risks imposed by the combination of high current account deficit, "dollarization," and financial contagion.
Guillermo Calvo : 3b sets the grounds for the conjecture that inflation stabilization is especially hard to achieve and enhances social costs if policymakers cannot convey a credible message that they are willing and able to implement the necessary policies to secure lower and more stable inflation.
Guillermo Calvo : This highlights another characteristic of Calvo's research: simplicity, a feature that is highly valuable in macroeconomics, a field in which 'complexity' is the norm.
Guillermo Calvo : 7b highlighting the relevance of the balance-sheet approach for understanding some of the puzzling dynamics of financial crisis, an issue that had so far been largely obliterated in the literature.
Guillermo Calvo : This paper ranks first in Calvo's citations (more than 5700 citations according to Google Scholar, henceforth GM).
Guillermo Calvo : The paper is widely cited (more than 1450 citations according to GS) and has become highly topical in the current conjuncture.
Guillermo Calvo : His research has helped to highlight factors that conventional macroeconomics tended to ignore, and that have come back with a vengeance to everybody's attention in the context of the subprime crisis.
Guillermo Calvo : It shows that a conventional overlapping-generations model can give rise to equilibrium multiplicity and, moreover, that the latter phenomenon is more likely to arise if the propensity to save is relatively inelastic with respect to the real interest rate, a case akin to that emphasized in Keynes's General Theory.
Guillermo Calvo : He is the former Chief Economist of the Inter-American Development Bank (2001–2006), President of the Latin American and Caribbean Economic Association, LACEA, 2000–2001, and President of the International Economic Association, IEA, 2005–2008.
Guillermo Calvo : Ref.7c crowned this effort by defining and offering some simple but fundamental rationalization for a new concept that since then has become part of the economists’ jargon in the discussion of financial crises, namely, ‘Sudden Stop’.
Guillermo Calvo : The 1979 JPE paper (Ref.
Guillermo Calvo : He was professor of economics at Columbia University (1973–1986), the University of Pennsylvania (1986–1989), and Distinguished University Professor at the University of Maryland (1993–2006).
Guillermo Calvo : These are papers in the area of “policy credibility.” The Econometrica 1978 Time Inconsistency paper (Ref.
Guillermo Calvo : According to the paper this situation may result from a long record of high inflation that lead individuals to disbelieve official stabilization announcements, keeping interest rates high.
Guillermo Calvo : Guillermo Antonio Calvo is Professor of Economics, International and Public Affairs, and Director of the Program in Economic Policy Management (PEPM) at Columbia University since January 2007.
Andry Rajoelina : One change made by the new constitution was to lower the minimum age for presidential candidates from 40 to 35, making Rajoelina eligible to eventually stand in presidential elections.
Andry Rajoelina : Andry Nirina Rajoelina (Malagasy: ; born 30 May 1974) is a Malagasy politician, businessman and the current president of Madagascar.
Andry Rajoelina : The African Union suspended Madagascar and threatened sanctions if the constitutional government had not been restored within six months.
Andry Rajoelina : After winning the 2018 presidential election, he was inaugurated on 19 January 2019.
Andry Rajoelina : Rajoelina was elected on 12 December 2007 with 63.3% of the vote on a 55% voter turnout, beating TIM party incumbent Hery Rafalimanana.
Mitch Richmond : Mitchell James Richmond (born June 30, 1965) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Mitch Richmond : Richmond was traded by the Kings, along with Otis Thorpe, to the Washington Wizards for Chris Webber in May 1998, a move that keyed the Kings' transformation from perennial doormat to an elite title contender.
Paul Oakenfold : He produced a Trance remix.
Paul Oakenfold : 2007 saw the publication of the first official biography of Paul Oakenfold, written by Richard Norris of The Grid and Beyond the Wizard's Sleeve fame.
Paul Oakenfold : In 2002, "Q" magazine named Oakenfold in their list of the "50 Bands To See Before You Die".
Paul Oakenfold : In 2002, Oakenfold revealed he had struggled with dyslexia as a child and announced his intention to help dyslexic children.
Paul Oakenfold : Receiving unsuccessful reviews, the first single "Faster Kill Pussycat", a collaboration with the actress Brittany Murphy, was released on 2 May 2006; the second single was "Sex 'n' Money".
Paul Oakenfold : Oakenfold remixed the "Transformers" theme as the theme song for the TV series, "Transformers Cybertron".
Paul Oakenfold : Paul Mark Oakenfold (born 30 August 1963), formerly known mononymously as Oakenfold, is an English record producer and trance DJ.
Paul Oakenfold : Oakenfold became Cream's resident DJ from 1997 – 1999.
Helmut Berger : Berger is openly bisexual.
Helmut Berger : Exactly one year after Visconti died, Berger tried to commit suicide but was found in time to be saved.
Helmut Berger : Berger married Italian writer and model Francesca Guidato on 19 November 1994.
Helmut Berger : In the following he played leading roles in international productions such as "Ash Wednesday" (1973) alongside Elizabeth Taylor and Henry Fonda.
Helmut Berger : Helmut Berger (; born Helmut Steinberger; 29 May 1944) is an Austrian film and television actor.
Helmut Berger : In 1993, Berger reprised his role as King Ludwig II.
Helmut Berger : It was followed by the title role in the Oscar Wilde adaption "Dorian Gray" (1970) and a leading role in the Oscar-winning Italian drama film "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis" (1970).
Alexander Onischuk : Alexander Onischuk (; born September 3, 1975) is a Ukrainian-American chess grandmaster.
Alexander Onischuk : Onischuk finished second, after Magnus Carlsen, in the Grandmaster Tournament at the Biel Chess Festival in 2007.
Guido Messina : Between 1954 and 1963 he rode professionally and won the first stage of the 1955 Giro d'Italia.
Guido Messina : Guido Messina (4 January 1931 – 10 January 2020) was an Italian road and track cyclist.
Danyon Loader : In 1996 in Atlanta, Loader won two gold medals: in the 200 and 400 metre freestyle.
Danyon Loader : Danyon Joseph Loader (born 21 April 1975) is an Olympic champion, former world record holder swimmer from New Zealand, based in Dunedin.
Italo Zilioli : Italo Zilioli (born 24 September 1941) is an Italian former professional cyclist.
Tommy Prim : Prim went to the 1981 Giro d'Italia in top form after winning the Tour de Romandie just prior to the Italian race, he ended up taking the runners up spot behind Giovanni Battaglin, many observers felt that Prim could have won the 1981 Giro if his Bianchi squad had backed him solely instead of having three team leaders (Italians Silvano Contini and Giambattista Baronchelli were the others).
Carlos Romero Barceló : The unemployment drastically rose to 25% in 1983 the highest since the Great Depression.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Romero Barceló is frequently associated with the "Cerro Maravilla Incident" of 1978 in which two young pro-Independence activists at Cerro Maravilla were killed at the hands of rogue members of the Puerto Rican Police after being lured by the Police to a mountainous area that housed communications and television towers.
Carlos Romero Barceló : ("Defeat, what defeat?").
Carlos Romero Barceló : in Political Science and Economics in 1953.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Romero Barceló brought well-received economic resolutions to the island during his terms in office, emphasizing the island's tourism potential.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Romero Barceló married Kate Donnelly on January 2, 1966.
Carlos Romero Barceló : In 1986, he was elected by his party to fill in a vacancy in the Senate of Puerto Rico, a position for which he did not seek reelection in 1988.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Carlos Romero Barceló attended Phillips Exeter Academy in the state of New Hampshire, graduating in 1949.
Carlos Romero Barceló : That same year, at age 21, he returned to Puerto Rico and enrolled at the University of Puerto Rico Law School, becoming a licensed lawyer in 1956.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Carlos Antonio Romero Barceló (born September 4, 1932) is a Puerto Rican politician who served as Governor of Puerto Rico, the second governor to be elected from the New Progressive Party (PNP) and also Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001.
Carlos Romero Barceló : In 1980 he was elected for a second term as governor by a margin of 3,037 votes over again PPD-candidate Rafael Hernández Colón.
Carlos Romero Barceló : Some of his accomplishment were the Minillas Tunnel, the Centro de Bellas Artes Luis A. Ferre, the creation of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration and the Roberto Clemente Coliseum (while being San Juan's Mayor).
Carlos Romero Barceló : He once again sought his party's nomination for the post of Resident Commissioner in 2003, but was defeated by Luis Fortuño.
Don DeLillo : And I was becoming a writer.
Don DeLillo : DeLillo was born on November 20, 1936 and grew up in a working-class Italian Catholic family, from Molise, in an Italian-American neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City, not far from Arthur Avenue.
Don DeLillo : Among the writers DeLillo read and was inspired by in this period were James Joyce, William Faulkner, Flannery O'Connor, and Ernest Hemingway, who was a major influence on DeLillo's earliest attempts at writing in his late teens.
Don DeLillo : After graduating from Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx in 1954 and from Fordham University in the Bronx with a bachelor's degree in Communication Arts in 1958, DeLillo took a job in advertising because he could not get one in publishing.
Don DeLillo : My grandmother, who lived in America for fifty years, never learned English."
Don DeLillo : Donald Richard DeLillo (born November 20, 1936) is an American novelist, short story writer, playwright, screenwriter and essayist.
Don DeLillo : His first novel, "Americana", was written over the course of four years and finally published in 1971, to modest critical praise.
Don DeLillo : DeLillo published his first short story in 1960 — "The River Jordan", in "Epoch", the literary magazine of Cornell University — and began to work on his first novel in 1966.
Acácio da Silva : Acácio Mora da Silva (born January 2, 1961, in Montalegre, Portugal) is a former Portuguese professional road bicycle racer.
Acácio da Silva : After his stage win in 1989, he wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification for four days.
Michael Schenker : Magazine."
Michael Schenker : Schenker briefly re-joined Scorpions in late 1978, when they were recording the album "Lovedrive".
Michael Schenker : He has been called "a legendary figure in the history of metal guitar."
Michael Schenker : In the meantime, he briefly replaced Robbin Crosby in Ratt, appearing on their 1990 MTV Unplugged performance.
Michael Schenker : His career with UFO was turbulent, sometimes walking off mid-song causing shows to be cancelled.
Michael Schenker : Schenker debuted with Scorpions on their debut album "Lonesome Crow" at age 16.
Michael Schenker : Early 2008, Schenker worked with Gary Barden, Don Airey, Simon Phillips, and Neil Murray on a new MSG album "In the Midst of Beauty", which was released in May 2008, followed by touring.
Michael Schenker : Michael Schenker (born 10 January 1955) is a German rock guitarist who has played in UFO and led the Michael Schenker Group.
Michael Schenker : Schenker has been on the covers of many guitar magazines and has influenced many notable guitar players, including Kirk Hammett and James Hetfield (Metallica), Dave Mustaine and Marty Friedman (Megadeth), Dimebag Darrell (Pantera), Alex Skolnick and Eric Peterson (Testament), Mike McCready (Pearl Jam), Gary Holt (Exodus), Rob Cavestany (Death Angel), Adrian Smith (Iron Maiden), Slash, John Norum (Europe), Paul Gilbert, Randy Rhoads, George Lynch (Dokken), Uli Jon Roth (Scorpions), Warren DeMartini (Ratt), John Petrucci (Dream Theater), Michael Amott (Arch Enemy), Dan Spitz (Anthrax), Criss Oliva (Savatage), Jeff Waters (Annihilator), Phil Campbell (Motörhead), and Kerry King (Slayer).
Larry Flynt : He recovered but has had pronunciation difficulties since.
Larry Flynt : He said he became "born again" and that he had a vision from God while flying with Stapleton in his jet.
Larry Flynt : LFP sold the distribution business, as well as several mainstream magazines, beginning in 1996.
Larry Flynt : It targeted working-class men and grew from a shaky start to a peak circulation of around three million.
Larry Flynt : However, he ran away from home and, despite being only 15 years old, joined the United States Army using a counterfeit birth certificate.
Larry Flynt : LFP also publishes "Barely Legal", a pornographic magazine featuring young women who have recently turned 18, the minimum age for a pornographic or erotic model.
Larry Flynt : He was given a sentence of 7 to 25 years in prison, but served only six days in jail; the sentence was overturned on appeal following allegations of prosecutorial misconduct, as well as judicial and jury bias.
Larry Flynt : He also suffered a stroke caused by one of several overdoses on his analgesic medication.
Larry Flynt : In her 1998 book "Hustled", she claims that Flynt sexually abused her as a child, often calling her names.
Larry Flynt : The magazine struggled for the first year, partly because many distributors and wholesalers refused to handle it as its nude photos became increasingly graphic.
Larry Flynt : He married his fourth wife, Althea, in 1976 and they remained married until her death in 1987.
Larry Flynt : LFP mainly produces magazines, such as "Hustler", and sexually graphic videos.
Larry Flynt : Flynt's injuries caused him constant, excruciating pain and he was addicted to painkillers until multiple surgeries deadened the affected nerves.
Larry Flynt : Flynt disowned his eldest daughter, Tonya Flynt-Vega, after she became a Christian anti-pornography activist.
Larry Flynt : He claimed to be an evangelical Christian for one year, "converted" in 1977 by evangelist Ruth Carter Stapleton, the sister of President Jimmy Carter.
Larry Flynt : The publication of nude paparazzi pictures of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in August 1975 was a major coup.
Larry Flynt : Flynt has fought several high profile legal battles involving the First Amendment, and has unsuccessfully run for public office.
Larry Flynt : In July 1974, the first issue of "Hustler" was published.
Larry Flynt : LFP started to produce pornographic movies in 1998, through the Hustler Video film studio, that bought VCA Pictures in 2003.
Larry Flynt : After it opened, many observers in the gaming industry speculated that, because of his past legal troubles, Flynt might not be able to get a license to operate a card room.
Larry Flynt : "Hustler" has often featured more explicit photographs than comparable magazines and has contained depictions of women that some find demeaning, such as a naked woman in a meat grinder or presented as a dog on a leash – though Flynt later said that the meat grinder image was a criticism of the pornography industry itself.
Larry Flynt : By 1970, he ran eight strip clubs throughout Ohio in Cincinnati, Toledo, Akron and Cleveland.
Larry Flynt : Other ventures either wholly owned by or licensed by Flynt or LFP, Inc. include the Hustler Clubs and the Hustler Hollywood Store.
Larry Flynt : Flynt has been embroiled in many legal battles regarding the regulation of pornography and free speech within the United States, especially attacking the "Miller v. California" (1973) obscenity exception to the First Amendment.
Larry Flynt : On June 22, 2000, Flynt opened the Hustler Casino, a card room located in the Los Angeles suburb of Gardena.
Larry Flynt : Flynt created his privately held company Larry Flynt Publications (LFP) in 1976.
Larry Flynt : In July 1974, Flynt first published "Hustler" as a step forward from the "Hustler Newsletter", which was advertising for his businesses.
Larry Flynt : He was first prosecuted on obscenity and organized crime charges in Cincinnati in 1976 by Simon Leis, who headed a local anti-pornography committee.
Larry Flynt : Larry Claxton Flynt Jr. (; born November 1, 1942) is an American publisher and the president of Larry Flynt Publications (LFP).
Goran Pandev : On 1 September 2014, Pandev signed a 1+1-year contract with Turkish giants Galatasaray worth €2.4 million a year.
Goran Pandev : Goran Pandev ( ; born 27 July 1983) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Genoa.
Marcus Berg : Berg had a good display as well.
Marcus Berg : He is also known for his tactical dribbles and scoring from unusual angles.
Marcus Berg : He managed to score 13 goals in 15 matches.
Marcus Berg : Bengt Erik Marcus Berg (; born 17 August 1986) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for FC Krasnodar.
Marcus Berg : Berg had a good debut season in the Netherlands.
Marcus Berg : He also scored four goals in a December game against Roda JC.
Marcus Berg : Berg is renowned for his heading ability, first touches, and being able to shoot and pass with both his right and left foot.
Marcus Berg : "Dagblad van het Noorden", a Dutch newspaper, stated that Berg swapped clubs for €10.5 million.
Marcus Berg : Berg started to play for a local club Torsby IF in 2002.
Marcus Berg : On 17 July 2009, German Bundesliga side Hamburger SV confirmed that Berg had signed a five-year contract with the club.
Marcus Berg : The official FC Groningen website mentioned it was a record fee paid for a Groningen player.
Marcus Berg : The contract also mentioned that a friendly match will be played between Groningen and Hamburg in the summer of 2010 or 2011 in the Euroborg, the main stadium of Groningen.
Marcus Berg : During the time playing for IFK Göteborg, he played alongside his older brother Jonatan.
Marcus Berg : Göteborg won the league that season and Berg received a standing ovation upon leaving the field after the 5–0 away victory over Kalmar FF where Berg scored, which was his last for the club because of his suspension for the game against Djurgårdens IF.
Marcus Berg : On 10 August 2007, Dutch club Groningen signed Berg for a reported £2.5 million to replace the departing Ajax-bound Luis Suárez.
Marcus Berg : Although initially the fee of €9.5 million was too high for Hamburg, Berg's desire of moving to the Bundesliga persuaded Groningen to complete the transfer.
Marcus Berg : Berg scored 15 goals in his first season in the Eredivisie, having only played 25 matches due to having a back-strain injury.
Marcus Berg : After that, he moved to IFK Velen in 2003.
Marcus Berg : After spending two years in the youth team, during the 2005 season Berg was promoted to the regular squad and played for IFK Göteborg in the Allsvenskan.
Marcus Berg : In the 2008–09 season, Groningen remained top of the Eredivisie table after five games played.
Marcus Berg : In his second season for Groningen, he scored 13 goals in the first 15 matches and was by then the second highest goalscorer in the league.
Stephen Tobolowsky : Stephen Harold Tobolowsky (born May 30, 1951) is an American actor.
Stephen Tobolowsky : He received a master's degree from the University of Illinois in 1975.
Alfred Jermaniš : Jermaniš was capped 29 times and scored 1 goal for the Slovenian national team between 1992 and 1998.
Larry King : He was paid $50 a week.
Larry King : The whole concept has changed."
Larry King : His parents were Orthodox Jews.
Larry King : King responded, "Miss Pennsylvania.
Larry King : He also did two afternoon newscasts and a sportscast.
Larry King : King was greatly affected by his father's death, and he lost interest in school.
Larry King : King has been married eight times, to seven women.
Larry King : Since then, King has written two books about living with heart disease.
Larry King : He would interview whoever walked in.
Larry King : After graduating high school, Larry worked to help support his mother.
Larry King : The show was successful, starting with relatively few affiliates and eventually growing to more than 500.
Larry King : His first interview was with a waiter at the restaurant.
Larry King : King was a judge for the September 8, 1990 pageant.
Larry King : King has received many broadcasting awards.
Larry King : She was one of the 10 finalists and she did a great ventriloquist bit ...
Larry King : King's Miami radio show brought him local attention.
Larry King : King's Mutual show rapidly developed a devoted audience.
Larry King : Throughout his career, King has interviewed many of the leading figures of his time.
Larry King : The program was broadcast live Monday through Friday from midnight to 5:30 a.m. Eastern Time.
Larry King : Eventually, King was rehired by WIOD.
Larry King : King would interview a guest for the first 90 minutes, with callers asking questions that continued the interview for another 90 minutes.
Larry King : According to CNN, King has conducted more than 30,000 interviews in his career.
Larry King : King went to Miami, and after initial setbacks, he gained his first job in radio.
Larry King : His first broadcast was on May 1, 1957, working as the disc jockey from 9 a.m. to noon.
Larry King : He has also won 10 CableACE awards for Best Interviewer and for Best Talk Show Series.
Larry King : In 1989, King was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame, and in 1996 to the Broadcasters' Hall of Fame.
Larry King : Unlike many interviewers, King has a direct, non-confrontational approach.
Larry King : On February 24, 1987, King suffered a major heart attack and then had quintuple-bypass surgery.
Larry King : On the show, he moderated debates on important local issues of the day.
Larry King : At 3 a.m., the "Open Phone America" segment began, where he would allow callers to discuss any topic they pleased with him, until the end of the program, when he expressed his own political opinions.
Larry King : He won the Peabody Award for Excellence in broadcasting for both his radio (1982) and television (1992) shows.
Larry King : He is also a recipient of the President's Award honoring his impact on media from the Los Angeles Press Club in 2006.
Larry King : King is an honorary member of the Rotary Club of Beverly Hills.
Larry King : His father died at 44 of a heart attack which resulted in his wife and two sons being supported by welfare.
Larry King : The manager of a small station, WAHR (now WMBM) in Miami Beach, hired him to clean up and perform miscellaneous tasks.
Larry King : After King stepped down, Mutual gave the afternoon slot to David Brenner and Mutual's affiliates were given the option of carrying the audio of King's new CNN evening television program.
Larry King : King has said that when interviewing authors, he does not read their books in advance, so that he will not know more than his audience.
Larry King : A few years later, in May 1960, he hosted "Miami Undercover", airing Sunday nights at 11:30 p.m. on WPST-TV Channel 10 (now WPLG).
Larry King : On September 10, 1990, while on "The Joan Rivers Show," Rivers asked King which contestant in the Miss America pageant was "the ugliest."
Larry King : Some of King's regular callers used pseudonyms or were given nicknames by King, such as "The Numbers Guy", "The Chair", "The Portland Laugher," "The Miami Derelict," and "The Scandal Scooper".
Larry King : In 2002, the industry publication "Talkers Magazine" named King both the fourth-greatest radio talk show host of all time and the top television talk show host of all time.
Larry King : He began to conduct interviews on a mid-morning show for WIOD, at Pumpernik's Restaurant in Miami Beach.
Larry King : Two days later, singer Bobby Darin, in Miami for a concert that evening, walked into Pumpernik's having heard King's radio show; Darin became King's first celebrity interview guest.
Larry King : On January 30, 1978, King went national on a nightly Mutual Broadcasting System coast-to-coast broadcast, inheriting the talk show slot that had begun with Herb Jepko in 1975, then followed by "Long John" Nebel in 1977, until his illness and death the following year.
Larry King : A CBS staff announcer, whom King met by chance, suggested he go to Florida which was a growing media market with openings for inexperienced broadcasters.
Larry King : King later sent Miss Pennsylvania, Marla Wynne, a dozen long-stemmed roses and a telegram apologizing for his remarks.
Larry King : He acquired the name Larry King when the general manager, Marshall Simmonds, claimed that Zeiger was too ethnic and difficult to remember, so minutes before airtime, Larry chose the surname "King", which he got from an advertisement in the "Miami Herald" for King's Wholesale Liquor.
Larry King : King was born in Brooklyn, New York, one of two sons of Jennie (Gitlitz), a garment worker who was born in Vilnius, Russia, and Aaron Zeiger, a restaurant owner and defense-plant worker who was born in Kolomyia, Austria-Hungary.
Larry King : "Taking On Heart Disease: Famous Personalities Recall How They Triumphed over the Nation's #1 Killer and How You Can, Too" (2004, ) features the experience of various celebrities with cardiovascular disease including Peggy Fleming and Regis Philbin.
Larry King : "Mr. King, You're Having a Heart Attack: How a Heart Attack and Bypass Surgery Changed My Life" (1989, ) was written with New York's "Newsday" science editor B. D. Colen.
Larry King : King is the first recipient of the Arizona State University Hugh Downs Award for Communication Excellence, presented April 11, 2007, via satellite by Downs himself.
Ivica Olić : He did not see much play there and returned to Marsonia the following year, where he earned promotion to the top flight after winning the Croatian Second League with his team.
Ivica Olić : In 2003, Olić was acquired by CSKA Moscow.
Ivica Olić : He was signed because Hamburg were in deep trouble, finishing in the relegation zone before the winter break.
Ivica Olić : Olić was born and raised in the village of Davor near Slavonski Brod, Croatia.
Ivica Olić : His form rose gradually, and in the 2005 season, he contributed with ten goals in twice as many games.
Ivica Olić : Ivica Olić (; born 14 September 1979) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who is currently working as an assistant manager of the Croatia national team.
Ivica Olić : In January 2007, Olić moved to Hamburger SV, playing his first Bundesliga match with them against Energie Cottbus on 31 January.
Ivica Olić : In September 2006, Olić was dropped from the Croatian squad for a Euro 2008 qualifying match for one game, due to a late-night partying binge together with Darijo Srna and Boško Balaban.
Ivica Olić : He started playing football for the local club NK Marsonia in 1996, and spent two good seasons there, before he was acquired by German club Hertha BSC in 1998.
Ivica Olić : He scored two goals in the last match in the 2006–07 Bundesliga season against Alemannia Aachen in a 4–0 win.
Ivica Olić : Olić also played three games for Croatia at UEFA Euro 2004 and two games at the 2006 World Cup.
Ivica Olić : The following season, he moved to Dinamo Zagreb, where he scored 16 goals in 27 games, and became the best striker in the Croatian First League.
Ivica Olić : Olić was part of the Croatia national team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where he played in two games and scored one important goal against Italy in a 2–1 Croatia victory.
Clay Tucker : Clay Jovon Tucker (June 14, 1980) is an American professional player.
Clay Tucker : In February 2013, he signed a contract with Hacettepe Üniversitesi.
Clay Tucker : His most successful season was 2004–05, as a member of the Utah Snowbears in the American Basketball Association.
Clay Tucker : Tucker played in the NBA Summer League for the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2008 and the Detroit Pistons in 2009.
Anthony Kennedy : Anthony McLeod Kennedy (born July 23, 1936) is an American lawyer and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1988 until his retirement in 2018.
Anthony Kennedy : In 1975, President Gerald Ford appointed Kennedy to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Emerson Fittipaldi : In early December 2012 he married economist Rossana Fanucchi in São Paulo after a partnership of eleven years.
Emerson Fittipaldi : Approaching 50, he was still with Champ Car in 1996 when an injury at the Michigan International Speedway ended his career.
Emerson Fittipaldi : He was married a second time, to Teresa, in the mid-1980s.
Emerson Fittipaldi : He was married to Maria Helena from 1970-82.
Emerson Fittipaldi : The race saw him break Indianapolis victory lane tradition when he drank a celebratory bottle of orange juice instead of the traditional bottle of milk.
Emerson Fittipaldi : He is the younger son of prominent Italian-Brazilian motorsports journalist and radio commentator Wilson Fittipaldi Sr and his wife Józefa "Juzy" Wojciechowska, an immigrant from Saint Petersburg of Polish and Russian descent.
Emerson Fittipaldi : Fittipaldi left Lotus to sign with the promising McLaren team.
Emerson Fittipaldi : In his first full year as Lotus's lead driver in 1971, Fittipaldi finished sixth in the Drivers' Championship as the team further developed the previous season's Lotus 72.
Emerson Fittipaldi : Following his Formula One career, Fittipaldi moved to the American CART series, achieving successful results, including the 1989 CART title and two wins at the Indianapolis 500 (in 1989 and 1993, the final at an unprecedented 46 years old).
Snoop Dogg : Fueling the ascendance of West Coast G-funk hip hop, the singles "Who Am I (What's My Name)?"
Snoop Dogg : This was his highest entry ever in the UK chart.
Snoop Dogg : Shortly after graduating from high school, Broadus was arrested for possession of cocaine and for the following three years was frequently in and out of prison.
Snoop Dogg : Both men were acquitted, but Snoop Dogg remained entangled in the legal battles around the case for three years.
Snoop Dogg : Snoop was appointed an executive position at Priority Records.
Snoop Dogg : The album featured production from QDT (Quik-Dogg-Teddy).
Snoop Dogg : Snoop has 17 Grammy nominations without a win.
Snoop Dogg : Snoop re-released the album under the name "More Malice".
Snoop Dogg : The album sold reasonably well but was not as successful as its predecessor.
Snoop Dogg : His third release was "Signs", featuring Justin Timberlake and Charlie Wilson, which entered the UK chart at No.
Snoop Dogg : He released his ninth studio album, "Ego Trippin'" (selling 400,000 copies in the U.S.), along with the first single, "Sexual Eruption".
Snoop Dogg : On July 7, 2007, Snoop Dogg performed at the Live Earth concert, Hamburg.
Snoop Dogg : Snoop Dogg has ventured into singing for Bollywood with his first ever rap for an Indian movie, "Singh Is Kinng"; the song title is also "Singh is Kinng".
Snoop Dogg : Among the many notable hip hop industry deaths and convictions were the death of Snoop Dogg's friend and labelmate Tupac Shakur and the racketeering indictment of Death Row co-founder Suge Knight.
Snoop Dogg : A short film about Snoop Dogg's murder trial, "Murder Was the Case", was released in 1994, along with an accompanying soundtrack.
Snoop Dogg : His tenth studio album, "Malice n Wonderland", was released on December 8, 2009.
Snoop Dogg : The fourth single from "Malice n Wonderland", titled "Pronto", featuring Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, was released on iTunes on December 1, 2009.
Snoop Dogg : While recording "Doggystyle" in August 1993, Snoop Dogg was arrested in connection with the death of a member of a rival gang who was shot and killed by Snoop's bodyguard; both men were charged with murder as Dogg was driving the vehicle from which the gun was fired.
Snoop Dogg : and "Gin and Juice" reached the top ten most-played songs in the United States, and the album stayed on the Billboard charts for several months.
Snoop Dogg : The album featured the hit singles "From tha Chuuuch to da Palace" and "Beautiful", featuring guest vocals by Pharrell.
Snoop Dogg : "Drop It Like It's Hot" (featuring Pharrell), the first single released from the album, was a hit and became Snoop Dogg's first single to reach number one.
Snoop Dogg : He also co-starred with rapper Wiz Khalifa in the 2012 movie "Mac and Devin Go to High School" which a sequel has been announced.
Snoop Dogg : The album debuted at No.23 on the Billboard 200, selling 61,000 copies its first week, making it his lowest charting album.
Snoop Dogg : His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre and featured on Dre's solo debut, "Deep Cover", and then on Dre's solo debut album, "The Chronic".
Snoop Dogg : In July 2007, Snoop Dogg made history by becoming the first artist to release a track as a ringtone before its release as a single, "It's the D.O.G."
Snoop Dogg : Dr. Dre began working with him, first on the theme song of the 1992 film "Deep Cover" and then on Dr. Dre's debut solo album "The Chronic" along with the other members of his former starting group, Tha Dogg Pound.
Snoop Dogg : Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. (born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, producer, media personality, entrepreneur, and actor.
Snoop Dogg : Dr. Dre had left Death Row earlier in 1996 because of a contract dispute, so Snoop Dogg co-produced "Tha Doggfather" with Daz Dillinger and DJ Pooh.
Snoop Dogg : Snoop Dogg appeared on two tracks from Ice Cube's 2006 album "Laugh Now, Cry Later", including "Go to Church", and on several tracks on Tha Dogg Pound's "Cali Iz Active" the same year.
Snoop Dogg : His third single, "I Wanna Rock", peaked at No.41 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Snoop Dogg : "Doggystyle", much like "The Chronic", featured a host of rappers signed to or affiliated with the Death Row label including Daz Dillinger, Kurupt, Nate Dogg, and others.
Snoop Dogg : The first single from the album, "Gangsta Luv", featuring The-Dream, peaked at No.35 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Óscar Sielva : Óscar Sielva Moreno (born 6 August 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina as a central midfielder.
Óscar Sielva : He appeared in only one sixth of the league games during the season, often clashing with manager Juan Ignacio Martínez who wanted to play him out of position as a winger; he returned to Espanyol in January 2010.
Manuel Vázquez Hueso : Manuel Vázquez Hueso (born 31 March 1981 in Churriana de la Vega, Spain) is a professional road racing cyclist currently suspended.
Miguel Ramírez : Miguel Ramírez Pérez (born 11 June 1970), nicknamed "Cheíto", is a Chilean retired football defender and current manager.
Ibán Cuadrado : Ibán Javier Cuadrado Alonso (; born 21 February 1979) is a retired Spanish professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Daniel Elena : They went on to take nine consecutive World Rally Championship titles between 2004 and 2012.
Daniel Elena : He and his family reside near Lausanne, Switzerland.
Daniel Elena : Elena is the first person to have received the Michael Park Trophy, which is now given yearly to the best co-driver.
Daniel Elena : Daniel Elena (born 26 October 1972) is a Monégasque rally co-driver working with Sébastien Loeb.
Pavel Kohout : In 1980, they received Austrian citizenship and settled in Vienna.
Pavel Kohout : In 1967, following a public reading of Solzhenitsyn's protest letter to the Union of Soviet Writers, he and several other prominent writers were subjected to disciplinary action.
Pavel Kohout : From 1963 to 1966, he was the dramaturge at Vinohrady Theatre.
Pavel Kohout : He and his wife were allowed to travel to Austria in 1978, where he had a contract with the Burgtheater.
Pavel Kohout : Pavel Kohout (born 20 July 1928) is a Czech and Austrian novelist, playwright, and poet.
Sergi Pedrerol : With the Spanish National Team he also won the world title twice, in Perth 1998 and Fukuoka 2001.
Dejan Lekić : On 25 June 2010 Lekić signed a five-year deal with La Liga side CA Osasuna, for a € 2.6 million fee.
Dejan Lekić : On 11 November 2015, Lekić signed a deal with Indian club Atlético de Kolkata midway through the second ISL season.
Dejan Lekić : He made his debut for the club on 16 July 2009, starting in a 1–0 away win against NK Rudar Velenje, for the season's UEFA Europa League.
Dejan Lekić : Dejan Lekić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Лекић; born 7 June 1985) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a striker.
Dejan Lekić : On 11 August of the following year, he was transferred to fellow league team RCD Mallorca.
Douglas Coupland : He wrote a collection of small books, which together were compiled, after the advice of his publisher, into the book "Life After God".
Douglas Coupland : Coupland lives in West Vancouver, British Columbia.
Douglas Coupland : His first novel, the 1991 international bestseller "", popularized terms such as "McJob" and "Generation X".
Douglas Coupland : Douglas Coupland (born 1961) is a Canadian novelist and artist.
Douglas Coupland : Coupland also received an honorary Doctor of Letters from the Emily Carr University of Art and Design in 2001.
Douglas Coupland : Coupland graduated from Emily Carr in 1984 with a focus on sculpture, and moved on to study at the European Design Institute in Milan, Italy and the Hokkaido College of Art & Design in Sapporo, Japan.
Claudiu Răducanu : Claudiu Nicu Răducanu (born 3 December 1976) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a striker.
Claudiu Răducanu : He also scored two goals across both legs in the UEFA Cup first round when Steaua Bucureşti defeated Southampton 2-1 on aggregate in 2003.
Radoslav Rogina : Radoslav Rogina (born March 3, 1979) is a Croatian professional road bicycle racer.
César Santis : César Elías Santis Santander (born February 5, 1979 in Santiago, Chile) is a former footballer who played for Unión Española (1996–98, 2002–03), Espanyol (1998–2000), Real Murcia (2001–02), Everton de Viña del Mar (2004–05), Antofagasta (2006) and Audax Italiano (2006–09).
Martin Dúbravka : In January 2018, Newcastle United showed interest in Dúbravka, initially offering Sparta Prague a loan for €500,000, with an option to sign in the summer for €4.5 million.
Martin Dúbravka : Spanish sporting magazine Marca had ranked Dúbravka as the 20th best player of the Premier League, in the 2018-19 season.
Martin Dúbravka : Martin Dúbravka (; born 15 February 1989) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Newcastle United and the Slovakia national football team.
Martin Dúbravka : He was the highest ranked goalkeeper, even overcoming highly valued goalkeepers such as Liverpool's preferred goaltender Alisson or David de Gea of Manchester United, or in-field players, like Christian Eriksen, Aaron Ramsey, Marcus Rashford or Dele Alli.
Martin Dúbravka : In the next season he played 26 Corgoň Liga games, finishing as a league champion.
Martin Dúbravka : On 30 January 2014, he signed a 3½ year deal with the Danish Superliga club Esbjerg fB.
Martin Dúbravka : He qualified with Žilina to the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League and played all 6 group games.
Martin Dúbravka : Dúbravka joined Slovan Liberec of the Czech First League in July 2016 on a one-year contract.
Martin Dúbravka : Dúbravka made his senior team debut in a 5–2 home win against Dubnica on 26 May 2009.
Brian Grazer : No one's going to get it for you, Brian.'"
Brian Grazer : They married on February 20, 2016.
Brian Grazer : His parents divorced when he was in high school.
Brian Grazer : In 2007, he was named one of "Time"s "100 Most Influential People in the World".
Brian Grazer : The films they produced have grossed over $13 billion.
Brian Grazer : Grazer began his career as a producer developing television projects.
Brian Grazer : At the same time, his movies have generated more than $13.5 billion in worldwide theatrical, music, and video grosses.
Brian Grazer : He graduated from USC's School of Cinema-Television in 1974.
Brian Grazer : Grazer said "My best buddy, the most important person in my growing up, was my little 4-foot-10 [147 cm] Jewish grandmother, and she'd say, 'In order to get it, you got to do it.
Brian Grazer : He then attended USC Law School for one year, but quit in 1975 to pursue a life in Hollywood.
Brian Grazer : Grazer won a scholarship to the University of Southern California (USC) as a psychology major.
Brian Grazer : Grazer currently resides in Santa Monica, California.
Brian Grazer : Grazer's father was Catholic and his mother is Jewish, and he described himself in 2000 as "half-Jewish".
Brian Grazer : "Splash" earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Original Screenplay of 1984.
Brian Grazer : "Frost/Nixon" was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
Brian Grazer : He also has a home in Hawaii on Sunset Beach, on the Banzai Pipeline on O'ahu's North Shore.
Brian Grazer : Grazer also produced the film adaptation of Peter Morgan's play "Frost/Nixon" (2008).
Brian Grazer : In April 2014, Grazer became engaged to Veronica Smiley, chief marketing officer of SBE, a hotel management company.
Brian Grazer : In 2002, Grazer's "8 Mile" was released.
Brian Grazer : In 2015, Grazer published his book "A Curious Mind: The Secret to a Bigger Life", in which he discusses conversations with interesting people, many of whom inspired his work.
Brian Grazer : It proved not only to be a huge box office hit, but also the first film with a rap song to win a Best Original Song Oscar, for Eminem's "Lose Yourself".
Brian Grazer : He produced his first feature-film, "Night Shift", in 1982, directed by Howard.
Brian Grazer : He was raised in Sherman Oaks and Northridge, in Los Angeles's San Fernando Valley.
Brian Grazer : While executive-producing TV pilots at Paramount Pictures in the early 1980s, he met current long-time friend and business partner Ron Howard.
Brian Grazer : He co-founded Imagine Entertainment in 1986, with Ron Howard.
Brian Grazer : Brian Thomas Grazer (born July 12, 1951) is an American film / television producer and, occasionally, a screenwriter.
Brian Grazer : Grazer and Howard teamed up again for "Splash" in 1984, which Grazer produced and co-wrote.
Brian Grazer : In 1986, Grazer and Howard co-founded Imagine Entertainment, which became one of Hollywood's most prolific and successful production companies.
Brian Grazer : Grazer was born in Los Angeles, California, to Arlene Becker Grazer and criminal defense attorney Thomas Grazer.
Brian Grazer : Grazer's early film successes include "Parenthood" (1989) and "Backdraft" (1991).
Brian Grazer : In 2002, Grazer won an Oscar for Best Picture for "A Beautiful Mind" (shared with Ron Howard).
Brian Grazer : He is the older brother of Nora Beth Grazer (born 1952) and actor/director Gavin Grazer (born 1961).
Brian Grazer : He produced "Apollo 13" (1995), for which he won the Producers Guild of America's Daryl F. Zanuck Motion Picture Producer of the Year Award, as well as an Oscar nomination for Best Picture of 1995.
Brian Grazer : His films and TV series have been nominated for 43 Academy Awards and 187 Emmys.
Brian Grazer : Grazer has been married four times and divorced three times: to Theresa McKay (1972–79), Corki Corman (1982–92; they had two children; son Riley (born 1986) and daughter Sage (1988)), and novelist and screenwriter Gigi Levangie (1997–2007; they had two sons; Thomas (1999) and Patrick (2004)).
Brian Grazer : Over the years, Grazer's films and TV shows have been nominated for a total of 43 Academy Awards, and 195 Emmys.
Brian Grazer : The movies include four for which Grazer was personally nominated for an Academy Award: "Splash" (1984), "Apollo 13" (1995), "A Beautiful Mind" (2001), and "Frost/Nixon" (2008).
Brian Grazer : In 1998, he earned two major honors: he was given his own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and made a cameo appearance on the animated series "The Simpsons".
Brian Grazer : In 2001, Grazer won an Academy Award for Best Picture for "A Beautiful Mind", which also took home Oscars for Best Supporting Actress (Jennifer Connelly), Best Director (Ron Howard), and Best Adapted Screenplay (Akiva Goldsman).
Sheldon Adelson : The resolution did not pass.
Sheldon Adelson : Sheldon Gary Adelson (pronounced ; born August 4, 1933) is an American business magnate, investor, philanthropist, and political donor.
Sheldon Adelson : and $26 billion for 2008.
Sheldon Adelson : Adelson spearheaded a major project to bring the Sands name to Macau, the Chinese gambling city that had been a Portuguese colony until December 1999.
Silvio Micali : Micali won the Gödel Prize in 1993.
Silvio Micali : His research centers on the theory of cryptography and information security.
Silvio Micali : He is also a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Silvio Micali : In 2007, he was selected to be a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR).
Silvio Micali : Micali is best known for some of his fundamental early work on public-key cryptosystems, pseudorandom functions, digital signatures, oblivious transfer, secure multiparty computation, and is one of the co-inventors of zero-knowledge proofs.
Silvio Micali : Micali graduated in mathematics at La Sapienza University of Rome in 1978 and earned a Ph.D. degree in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1982; for research supervised by Manuel Blum.
Silvio Micali : He received the Turing Award for the year 2012 along with Shafi Goldwasser for their work in the field of cryptography.
Jaleel White : By the time the series ended in 1998, White, who was then 21 years old, had grown tired of the role.
Jaleel White : The role was initially conceived as a one-time guest appearance, but the character proved to be popular and White was given a full-time starring role.
Jaleel White : In 1999, he provided the voice for a teenaged Martin Luther King, Jr., in "Our Friend, Martin".
Jaleel White : In March 2012, White began competing on the season 14 of "Dancing with the Stars".
Jaleel White : In addition to starring in the series, White also wrote several episodes, including one, at age 19, that was the series' highest rated for that year.
Jaleel White : He has provided his voice to several animated projects including Warner Bros.' 1998 film "Quest for Camelot".
Jaleel White : He also played several other members of the Urkel family, including his alter ego Stefan Urquelle and Myrtle Urkel.
Jaleel White : In "Underground", White also voiced Sonic's brother and sister, Manic and Sonia.
Jaleel White : The following year, he was cast as the son of Flip Wilson and Gladys Knight on the CBS sitcom "Charlie and Company".
Jaleel White : In 1992, he was featured in The Jaleel White Special, where he played a fictionalized version of himself making a movie, while also playing Steve Urkel.
Jaleel White : At the age of 12, White originated his most famous role, Steve Urkel, on "Family Matters".
Jaleel White : White was born in Culver City, California, the only child of Michael White, a dentist, and Gail White, a homemaker who later became his manager.
Jaleel White : He voiced the character in all of the DiC-produced animated series: "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog", "Sonic SatAM", and "Sonic Underground," as well as the Christmas special, "Sonic Christmas Blast".
Jaleel White : Jaleel Ahmad White (born November 27, 1976) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer and writer.
Colin Thubron : He is a Fellow and, between 2009-2017, was President of the Royal Society of Literature.
Colin Thubron : Before becoming a writer he worked for five years in publishing in London and New York City, and made independent documentary films that were shown on BBC television.
Colin Thubron : He was born in London and educated at Eton College.
Colin Thubron : Thubron was appointed a CBE in the 2007 New Year Honours.
Colin Thubron : Colin Gerald Dryden Thubron, (born 14 June 1939) is a British travel writer and novelist.
Colin Thubron : Notable among them are "Emperor" (1978), a study of the conversion of Constantine, "A Cruel Madness" (winner of the PEN/Macmillan Silver Pen Award), and "Falling" (1989).
Colin Thubron : It was followed the next year by "The Hills of Adonis: A Quest in Lebanon", a lyrical account of a journey through the country, pre-civil war, and the next year by "Jerusalem."
Juan de Dios Ramírez Perales : Juan de Dios Ramírez Perales, dubbed "El Capi" (born March 8, 1969 in Mexico City), is a retired Mexican footballer, who played as central defender.
Juan de Dios Ramírez Perales : He remained with UNAM until 1994, then joined Monterrey for one season and Toros Neza for another before moving to Atlante for the Invierno 1996 season.
Juan José Millás : Currently, he is constructing a glossary, within which these accounts have a large role.
Juan José Millás : His works have been translated into 23 languages, among them: English, French, German, Portuguese, Italian, Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, and Dutch.
Juan José Millás : At the university he began studying philosophy and literature, which he abandoned in his third year.
Juan José Millás : He was a poor but curious student and did the majority of his schoolwork at night while he worked in a savings bank.
Juan José Millás : He married his second wife, Isabel Menéndez, a psychologist, in 1987.
Juan José Millás : In his numerous works—which are mostly psychological and introspective—any daily fact can become a fantastic event.
Juan José Millás : On the program La Ventana, on the channel Ser, he has a time slot (Fridays at 4:00) in which he encourages viewers to send short accounts about words from the dictionary.
Juan José Millás : A Valencian of humble origins, as a child Millás moved with his large family in 1952 to Madrid, where he has lived for most of his life.
Juan José Millás : He obtained a job as an administrator at Iberia, dedicating himself to reading and writing.
Juan José Millás : Juan José Millás (born 1946) is a Spanish writer and winner of the 1990 Premio Nadal.
Juan José Millás : He created his own personal literary genre, the articuento, in which an everyday story is transformed into a fantasy that allows the reader to see reality more critically.
Juan José Millás : Thanks to an enthusiastic member of the judges panel for the Premio Sésamo, Juan García Hortelano, Millás was able to publish "Visión del ahogado" (1977) and "El jardín vacío" (The empty garden) (1981) with the prestigious publisher Alfaguara.
Juan José Millás : His weekly columns in "El País" have generated a great number of followers who appreciate the subtlety and originality of his point of view in dealing with current events, as well as his commitment to social justice and the quality of his writing.
Juan José Millás : In his 2006 novel, titled "Laura y Julio", we find his principal obsessions expressed: the problem of identity, symmetry, other inhabitable spaces within our space, love, fidelity, and jealousy.
Juan José Millás : Simultaneously, he began to publish articles in the Spanish press with great success, so he left the employment of the Iberian press and now makes a living as a journalist and author.
Juan José Millás : But his most popular novel was "Papel mojado" (1983), an assignment for a publisher of young adult literature that was a commercial success and continues to sell well.
Juan José Millás : On 15 October 2007, he was presented with the Premio Planeta for his autobiographical novel "El mundo", some memories of childhood, almost of adolescence, that tell the story of a boy who lives on the street and whose dream is to escape that street.
Keith Carradine : His parents were divorced in 1957, when he was eight years old.
Keith Carradine : On November 18, 2006, Carradine married actress Hayley DuMond, in Turin, Italy.
Keith Carradine : His paternal half-brothers are Bruce and David Carradine, his maternal half-brother is Michael Bowen, and his full brothers are Christopher and Robert Carradine, all of whom are actors.
Keith Carradine : Keith Ian Carradine (born August 8, 1949) is an American actor, singer and songwriter who has had success on stage, film and television.
Keith Carradine : He met his daughter, Martha Plimpton, when she was four years old, after Shelley and Steve Curry had divorced.
Keith Carradine : Carradine's first notable film appearance was in director Robert Altman's "McCabe & Mrs. Miller" (1971).
Keith Carradine : He is known for his roles as Tom Frank in Robert Altman's film "Nashville", Wild Bill Hickok in the HBO series "Deadwood", FBI agent Frank Lundy in "Dexter", and US President Conrad Dalton in "Madam Secretary".
Keith Carradine : He is the son of actress and artist Sonia Sorel (née Henius), and actor John Carradine.
Serguei Outschakov : Serguei Outschakov (born 11 May 1968 in Arkhangelsk) is a Ukrainian former road bicycle racer.
Serguei Outschakov : In 1997 Tour de France he finished first in the 11th stage but was relegated to third place for not holding his line in the final sprint.
Steven Wright : It was a pretty weird place."
Steven Wright : He was raised as a Roman Catholic.
Steven Wright : Recently, I saw one, and I didn't write any of it.
Steven Wright : What's disturbing is that with a few of these jokes, I wish I had thought of them.
Steven Wright : Wright also has an interest in painting.
Steven Wright : Its DVD was released April 23, 2007.
Steven Wright : A giant amount of them, I'm embarrassed that people think I thought of them, because some are really bad."
Steven Wright : His mother was Italian American and his father was of Scottish descent.
Steven Wright : Wright has stated, "Someone showed me a site, and half of it that said I wrote it, I didn't write.
Steven Wright : Upon accepting the Oscar, Wright said, "We're really glad that we cut out the other sixty minutes."
Steven Wright : It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album, but lost to "The Distant Future" by Flight of the Conchords.
Steven Wright : The performance would become one of HBO's longest running and most requested comedy specials, and would propel him to great success on the college-arena concert circuit.
Steven Wright : Numerous lists of jokes attributed to Wright circulate on the Internet, sometimes of dubious origin.
Steven Wright : He is known for his distinctly lethargic voice and slow, deadpan delivery of ironic, philosophical and sometimes nonsensical jokes, paraprosdokians, non sequiturs, anti-humor, and one-liners with contrived situations.
Steven Wright : In 1999 he wrote and directed the 30-minute short "One Soldier" saying it's "about a soldier who was in the Civil War, right after the war, with all these existentialist thoughts and wondering if there is a God and all that stuff."
Steven Wright : In 1992 Wright had a recurring role on the television sitcom "Mad About You."
Steven Wright : He received two Emmy nominations as part of the producing team of "Louie", first in 2014 and again in 2015.
Steven Wright : He also supplied the voice of the radio DJ in writer-director Quentin Tarantino's film "Reservoir Dogs" that same year.
Steven Wright : On December 15, 2008, Wright became the first inductee to the Boston Comedy Hall of Fame.
Steven Wright : Wright's father worked as an electronics technician who "tested a lot of stuff" for NASA during the Apollo spacecraft program.
Steven Wright : In a 2005 poll to find "The Comedian's Comedian", he was voted amongst the top 50 comedy acts by fellow comedians and comedy insiders.
Steven Wright : He graduated from Emerson in 1978 and began performing stand-up comedy the following year at the Comedy Connection in Boston.
Steven Wright : Wright cites comic George Carlin and director Woody Allen as comedic influences.
Steven Wright : "Dean Parisot's wife Sally Menke is Quentin Tarantino's [film] editor, so when she was editing the movie and it was getting down toward the end where they didn't have the radio DJ yet, she thought of me and told Quentin and he liked the idea," Wright explained in 2009.
Steven Wright : Wright attended Middlesex Community College in Bedford, Massachusetts for two years to earn his associate's degree, then continued his education at Emerson College.
Steven Wright : His accolades include the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film for writing and producing the short film "The Appointments of Dennis Jennings" (1988) and two Primetime Emmy Awards nominations as a producer of "Louie" (2010–15).
Steven Wright : 23 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics.
Steven Wright : On September 25, 2007 Wright released his second album, "I Still Have a Pony", a CD release of the material from "When The Leaves Blow Away."
Steven Wright : By then Wright had firmly developed a new brand of obscure, laid-back performing and was rapidly building a cult-like following of hip, savvy fans and an onstage persona characterized by an aura of obscurity, with his penchant for non-sequiturs and subdued, slowly-paced delivery style only adding to his mystique.
Steven Wright : Steven Alexander Wright (born December 6, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and film producer.
Steven Wright : Lassally booked Wright on NBC's "The Tonight Show," where the comic so impressed host Johnny Carson and the studio audience that less than a week later Wright was invited to appear on the show again.
Steven Wright : The success of this album landed him an HBO special, in the "On Location:" series, taped at "Wolfgang's" in San Francisco, as a live performance, for "A Steven Wright Special."
Steven Wright : After his 1990 comedy special "Wicker Chairs and Gravity", Wright continued to do stand-up performances, but he was largely absent from television, doing only occasional guest spots on late-night talk shows.
Steven Wright : While not well known for works outside of the comedy realm, Steven Wright is also a musician and has also recorded several non-comedy songs with his friend and occasional actor Mark Wuerthner.
Steven Wright : Wright was ranked as the 15th Greatest Comedian by "Rolling Stone" in their 2017 list of the 50 Greatest Stand-up Comics.
Steven Wright : Beginning in 2008, Steven Wright occasionally appeared on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" as a visiting celebrity, often dropping by the show to help with the fan-mail segment.
Steven Wright : In 2006 Wright produced his first stand-up special in 16 years, "Steven Wright: When the Leaves Blow Away", originally aired on Comedy Central on October 21, 2006.
Steven Wright : Wright was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and grew up in Burlington, Massachusetts, one of four children of Lucille "Dolly" (née Lomano) and Alexander K. Wright.
Steven Wright : In 1982 executive producer of "The Tonight Show" Peter Lassally saw Wright performing on a bill with other local comics at the Ding Ho comedy club, at 11 Springfield Street, in Cambridge's Inman Square, a venue Wright described as "half Chinese restaurant and half comedy club.
Steven Wright : In May 2000, Wright and other Ding Ho alumni including Lenny Clarke, Barry Crimmins, Steve Sweeney, Bill Sohonage and Jimmy Tingle appeared at a reunion benefit for comic Bob Lazarus who was suffering from leukemia.
Steven Wright : Steven Wright was awarded an Oscar in 1989 for Best Short Live-Action Film for "The Appointments of Dennis Jennings", which he co-wrote (with Michael Armstrong) and starred in.
José Andreu García : He was known for his moderate approach to Constitutional Law.
José Andreu García : Andreu publicly said this break with tradition was unnecessary.
José Andreu García : After his retirement Andreu returned to private practice.
José Andreu García : Eventually, Andreu was replaced by his colleague Associate Justice Miriam Naveira.
José Andreu García : From 1963 to 1973 he held the position of District Judge, Assistant District Attorney, District Attorney and Superior Court Judge.
José Andreu García : Calderón initially appointed Secretary of State Ferdinand Mercado to succeed Andreu but he was rejected by the Senate.
José Andreu García : Andreu received his Bachelor's Degree in 1958 in Economics from the University of Puerto Rico at Río Piedras and his Law Degree in 1961 from the University of Puerto Rico School of Law.
José Andreu García : José Antonio Andreu García (September 18, 1937 – January 10, 2019) is a Puerto Rican jurist who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico from 1992 to 2003.
José Andreu García : After eleven years at the helm of the Court, Andreu decided to resign in 2003 during the governorship of Sila Calderón.
José Andreu García : Chief Justice Andreu had a brief dispute with Governor Pedro Rosselló in 1997 when Rosselló decided to have Associate Justice Baltasar Corrada del Río deliver the oath of office to him during his second inauguration.
Samuel Kuffour : A Ghana international for 13 years, Kuffour won his first cap as a 17-year-old in a game against Sierra Leone on 28 November 1993.
Samuel Kuffour : Samuel Osei Kuffour (born 3 September 1976) is a Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a defender.
Emilio Butragueño : After three seasons where he was known as the "Gentleman of the Pitch" – never received a single red card during his entire career – he finally decided to retire from the game in April 1998.
Emilio Butragueño : Nicknamed "El Buitre" (The Vulture), he was a member of the legendary "La Quinta del Buitre" along with Manolo Sanchís, Rafael Martín Vázquez, Míchel and Miguel Pardeza.
Ken Thompson : Thompson received a Bachelor of Science in 1965 and a Master's degree in 1966, both in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, from the University of California, Berkeley, where his master's thesis advisor was Elwyn Berlekamp.
Ken Thompson : Almost all programs that work with regular expressions today use some variant of Thompson's notation.
Ken Thompson : Kenneth Lane Thompson (born February 4, 1943) is an American pioneer of computer science.
Ken Thompson : In 1992, Thompson developed the UTF-8 encoding scheme together with Rob Pike.
Ken Thompson : Later, with the help of chess endgame expert John Roycroft, Thompson distributed his first results on CD-ROM.
Ken Thompson : Later, along with Joseph Condon, Thompson created the hardware-assisted program Belle, a world champion chess computer.
Ken Thompson : In late 2000, Thompson retired from Bell Labs.
Ken Thompson : QED and Thompson's later editor ed (the standard text editor on Unix) contributed greatly to the eventual popularity of regular expressions, and regular expressions became pervasive in Unix text processing programs.
Ken Thompson : While writing Multics, Thompson created the Bon programming language.
Ken Thompson : He also invented the B programming language, the direct predecessor to the C programming language, and was one of the creators and early developers of the Plan 9 operating system.
Ken Thompson : Thompson had developed the CTSS version of the editor QED, which included regular expressions for searching text.
Ken Thompson : In 1983, Thompson and Ritchie jointly received the Turing Award "for their development of generic operating systems theory and specifically for the implementation of the UNIX operating system".
Ignasi Miquel : On 30 July 2015 Miquel signed a two-year deal with SD Ponferradina, after his contract with Norwich was ended early by mutual agreement.
Ignasi Miquel : Ignasi Miquel Pons (born 28 September 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC on loan from Getafe CF.
Ignasi Miquel : On 6 December 2011, Miquel made his UEFA Champions League debut for Arsenal in the 3–1 away defeat to Olympiacos, coming on for André Santos in the 51st minute.
Miralem Sulejmani : He became a father to a son in October 2011.
Miralem Sulejmani : In 2010, he met his girlfriend Vesna Mušović.
Miralem Sulejmani : When he signed for Ajax in 2008, he became the most expensive football player to have ever been purchased by a Dutch club.
Miralem Sulejmani : He was part of the Young Boys squad that won the 2017-18 Swiss Super League, their first league title in 32 years.
Miralem Sulejmani : He netted his first international goal on 12 September 2012, against Wales for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers (6–1 win).
Miralem Sulejmani : His father Miljaim also played football, for OFK Beograd and GSP Polet.
Miralem Sulejmani : Miralem Sulejmani (, ; born 5 December 1988) is a Serbian professional football player who plays as a winger for Swiss club Young Boys and the Serbia national team.
Miralem Sulejmani : Sulejmani made his debut for the senior team on 6 February 2008, in a friendly with Macedonia in Skopje.
Miralem Sulejmani : His first club was local FK BSK Batajnica, before he moved to FK Partizan at the age of 11 to complete his formation.
Miralem Sulejmani : Sulejmani made his first appearance for the seniors in the 2005–06 season, aged 17, and quickly drew interest from Dutch clubs AZ Alkmaar, FC Groningen and SC Heerenveen; additionally, he also spent time at farm team FK Teleoptik.
Chen Shui-bian : This has the implication that a declaration of independence is unnecessary as Taiwan is already independent.
Chen Shui-bian : In June 1969, he was admitted to National Taiwan University.
Chen Shui-bian : Initially a Business Administration major, he switched to Law in his first year and became editor of the school's law review.
Chen Shui-bian : On June 11, 2010, the High Court decided to reduce Chen's life sentence to 20 years.
Chen Shui-bian : During his term, Chen received accolades for his campaigns to drive illegal gambling and prostitution rackets out of Taipei.
Chen Shui-bian : The stock market lost over half its value within a year and unemployment reached 4.5% in part because of the Asian stock market crash.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen was born to an impoverished tenant farming family of Zhao'an Minnanese ethnicity in Guantian Township of Tainan County (now part of Tainan City) on the second day of the ninth lunar month in 1950 but was not formally issued a birth certificate until February 18, 1951 because of doubts that he would survive.
Chen Shui-bian : From 1976 to 1989, Chen was a partner in Formosa International Marine and Commercial Law, specializing in maritime insurance.
Chen Shui-bian : In 1984, he founded the pro-opposition Civil Servant Public Policy Research Association, which published a magazine called "Neo-Formosa".
Chen Shui-bian : Three days after losing the election, his wife, Wu Shu-chen was hit twice by a hand tractor driven by Chang Jong-tsai as Chen and Wu were thanking their supporters.
Chen Shui-bian : After his first year in office, Chen moved away from sending conciliatory gestures.
Chen Shui-bian : He appointed the KMT conservative mainlander Tang Fei, a former general and the incumbent defense minister, as his first Premier.
Chen Shui-bian : While appealing the sentence, he returned to Tainan to run for county magistrate in November 1985.
Chen Shui-bian : In 2005 Chen became the first ROC president to visit Europe, when he attended the funeral of Pope John Paul II in the Vatican City (the Holy See continues to maintain diplomatic relations with the ROC).
Chen Shui-bian : The couple have a daughter, Chen Hsing-yu, who is a dentist; and a son, Chen Chih-chung, who, having received a law degree in Taiwan, gained a Master of Laws from the University of California, Berkeley in 2005.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen became involved in politics in 1980 when he defended the participants of the Kaohsiung Incident in a military court.
Chen Shui-bian : While he was in prison, his wife campaigned and was elected to the Legislative Yuan.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen lost his appeal in May 1986 and began serving eight months in the Tucheng Penitentiary (土城看守所) along with Huang Tien-fu and Lee I-yang, two other defendants in the case.
Chen Shui-bian : On January 12, 1985, Chen was sentenced to a year in prison for libel as a result of his editorship of "Neo-Formosa," following the publication of an article critical of Elmer Fung, a college philosophy professor.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen's tenure as President expired on May 20, 2008, yielding to successor Ma Ying-Jeou.
Chen Shui-bian : Despite receiving more votes both in absolute and in percentage terms than his 1994 campaign, Chen lost this position in 1998 to the KMT's Ma Ying-jeou in large part because the KMT was able to gain the support of New Party supporters.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen Shui-bian (; born October 12, 1950) is a retired Taiwanese politician and lawyer who served as President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 2000 to 2008.
Chen Shui-bian : Chen was elected as the mayor of Taipei in 1994, largely as the result of a vote split between the KMT incumbent Huang Ta-chou and the KMT-spin-off New Party (NP) candidate Jaw Shaw-kong.
Nikola Jerkan : Nikola Jerkan (born 8 December 1964) is a former football defender from Croatia.
La Fouine : But it did not take me to sleep with me, if the cops were looking for me directly.
La Fouine : I slept with people in cars, premises, etc..
La Fouine : The scene was filmed by a spectator.
La Fouine : In 1998, La Fouine was imprisoned.
La Fouine : La Fouine talked about this in "Je regarde là-haut".
La Fouine : La Fouine replied "LOL!
La Fouine : While waiting his new mixtape "Capital Crime Vol.
La Fouine : Other notable rappers followed such as Sultan.
La Fouine : The rapper 50 Cent put the video on his website.
La Fouine : "I was only fifteen when I was expelled from school and placed in foster homes.
La Fouine : He chose to offer free the song explaining he did not want to make money on the clash.
La Fouine : The third single is "Ma Meilleure" in featuring Zaho.
La Fouine : All gathered on a compilation mixed by DJ Battle.
La Fouine : A policeman was also injured in the incident, while arresting the young man, mad with rage who wanted to retaliate taking revenge against La Fouine.
La Fouine : La Fouine did not want to increase the tension by declaring: "Tonight, La Fouine, has come to give you love".
La Fouine : He stopped his studies at the age of fifteen to devote himself to rap and took his first music lessons.
La Fouine : The festival organization condemned the outbreak of violence, blaming the artist for his utterances.
La Fouine : La Fouine's mother was so poor, they had to frequent the Restaurants du Cœur charity eateries.
La Fouine : This independent label, forged a partnership with Sony-BMG, one of the biggest music labels in the world.
La Fouine : They nicknamed him Usain B2olt referring to Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt.
La Fouine : During the promotion for his album "Drôle de Parcours", he said do not want a repeat of such incidents during his concerts.
La Fouine : Meanwhile, the entourage of the rapper were seen punching and beating up the two teenagers behind the scenes, with one of them falling to the ground.
La Fouine : The death of his mother in 2005 inspired his song "Je regarde là-haut" He also experienced dark periods in foster homes and prisons.
La Fouine : The singles "L'unité" and "Quelque chose de spécial" meet critical acclaim and broadcast on many French radio stations.
La Fouine : La Fouine, who was called "Forcené" was an active member of the collective "GSP".
La Fouine : In 2011 the two rappers were reconciled and performed the song "Vécu" seen over 16 million times on YouTube.
La Fouine : The first single from this album was "Reste en Chien" with Booba.
La Fouine : It was claimed the entourage La Fouine attempted to remove the videos of the incident from various websites where they appeared.
La Fouine : And the fourth from the album entitled "Papa" is a track where La Fouine speaks about his father.
La Fouine : The first single from the album was "Paname Boss" and released on November 2, 2012.
La Fouine : "Capitale du Crime Volume 3" was released on 28 November 2011.
La Fouine : The fifth single was released on 21 January 2011 called "Les Soleils de Minuits".
La Fouine : He is owner of Banlieue Sale and clothing line "Street Swagg".
La Fouine : Meanwhile, he joined the group Trappes Stars created by his former manager Bodé.
La Fouine : The mixtape sold over 62,000 copies until March 2012 and was certified gold.
La Fouine : La Fouine chose "Autopsie 5" to answer back ("Autopsie" is the name of mixtapes series of Booba).
La Fouine : Kamelancien soon turned up with his new response titled "Crise Cardiaque" and openly threatened him on a TV programme.
La Fouine : He highlighted passages that had been edited out by Booba where he runs away to escape La Fouine and Dixon.
La Fouine : 60,000 copies of the album were sold and the album was certified gold.
La Fouine : On March 10, 2013, Booba broadcast the video of their altercation that took place in Miami.
La Fouine : In January 2014, Team BS came up with a follow-up single "Case départ".
La Fouine : In 2008, La Fouine and his brother Canardo decided to launch their own label called "Banlieue Sale".
La Fouine : Moreover, some time after, Kamelancien signed with the label of La Fouine's managers "S-Kal Records".
La Fouine : I just learned that the uncensored version of the altercation with b2obeatrice runs on the Net, I'll wait to find it to put the video of the altercation between him, Dixon (a friend of La Fouine) and Booba on Facebook.
La Fouine : La Fouine spoke mostly about Booba's photo that had circulated on the Internet, in parodying his music.
La Fouine : "Veni, vidi, vici" is the second single and the third extract "Caillera for Life" is a collaboration with California rapper The Game in which The Game tried performing in French.
La Fouine : The first single from her double album "La Fouine vs Laouni" is "Passe-leur le salam" featuring Rohff.
La Fouine : November 6, 2012, La Fouine released the second single from "Drôle de Parcours" called "J'avais pas les mots".
La Fouine : La Fouine revealed the list of titles, but also the production of the album on 21 January 2011.
La Fouine : La Fouine released a reissue of the album on June 15, 2011.
La Fouine : The disk "Capitale du Crime Volume 2" released on January 18, 2010, ranks third in the album sales in France in the first week of its release.
La Fouine : This clash between the two Moroccan rappers, was a sort of clash with completely different style, one from Oujda and representing the Val-de-Marne and the other a native of Casablanca, representing the Yvelines.
La Fouine : The second single was titled "Qui peut me stopper", "Banlieue Sale" with Gued'1 & Kennedy and "Tombé pour elle" with Amel Bent.
La Fouine : It was part of the short-lived group "FORS" with "DJ RV" (Hervé), "Le Griffon" (Tarek Medimegh) And " LaylaD "(Layla Melloni Forcé), created mainly to participate at "2 R puissance ART" in La Verrière, where he won the second prize.
La Fouine : Early 2005, La Fouine responded with his title "Ferme ta gueule" to Kamelancien who attacked him as "twisted face" in the song "Reste vrai".
La Fouine : He is the penultimate of his six brothers and sisters, Hakim (aka the rapper Canardo), Kamel, Illham, Samira, Naima and Adil.
La Fouine : Attacked by Booba, during the promotion of his album "Futur" according to him La Fouine "clashed" him on "Paname Boss" with a punchline.
La Fouine : Banlieue Sale has subsidiaries that are "S-Kal Records" (created by the managers of La Fouine) and "Henijai Music" (created by Canardo).
La Fouine : La Fouine was married to Fiona, but they divorced after having a daughter together born May 31, 2003, named Fatima in honor of his mother.
La Fouine : On 10 September 2012, La Fouine revealed on social networks the title of his new album entitled "Drôle de Parcours".
La Fouine : On May 8, 2011, in Belgium, at the Inc'Rock Festival, La Fouine spoke about an incident during his concert, where two young fans, thinking he had thrown plastic bottles at them with threatening words.
La Fouine : Born in Trappes in a family of seven children to Moroccan parents from Casablanca, Laouni grew outside Paris in the Yvelines.
La Fouine : Since then, Laouni married, then divorced after becoming the father of a little girl, born in 2002, named Fatima, named after La Fouine's mother .
La Fouine : On 7 May 2011, La Fouine invited Kamelancien to his concert at the Zenith in Paris to officially end their clash.
La Fouine : Thereafter, La Fouine and Booba released at the same time a second song "TLT" ("Tuez Les Tous" for Booba and "T'as La Tremblotte" for La Fouine) on their respective YouTube channels.
La Fouine : Laouni Mouhid ( ; born December 25, 1981 in Trappes, Île-de-France), commonly known by his stage name La Fouine (; ), is a French-Moroccan rapper, singer-songwriter and record producer.
La Fouine : While his album had been released quite a few months, Booba insisted on releasing the song "AC Milan", where he attacked La Fouine calling him a pedophile, calling Emile Louis Laounizi (referring to Emile Louis) and diffusing an extract of a video where the criminal record of La Fouine is revealed.
La Fouine : On 7 May 2011, La Fouine had a concert at the Zenith in Paris, That evening, he performed with Zaho the title "Quand ils vont partir".
La Fouine : The music is especially tracks with Street Fabulous, Animalsons, Dj E-Rise Skalp, etc., while his brother Canardo appears on the microphone on "Bafana Bafana (Remix)".
La Fouine : In April 2010, La Fouine worked with Admiral T & Medine on the piece "Viser la Victoire", extract the Admiral-T's album entitled "L'Instinct Admiral" and so on "Street Lourd II" with the song "Dans nos quartiers" in collaboration with Alonzo and Teddy Corrona.
La Fouine : It included three guest appearances especially with Soprano on "Repartir à zéro" and still with Soprano and Sefyu on "Ca fait mal (Remix)" and Canardo (his younger brother) on "Hamdoulah Moi Ca Va".
La Fouine : It contained many guest appearances with American stars such as T-Pain on "Rollin' Like a Boss", DJ Khaled at production on "VNTM.com" and Ace Hood on "T'es mort dans le film".
La Fouine : After putting out "Planète Trappes Volume 2" on the market launching especially his brother Canardo through three titles, La Fouine released his second album entitled "Aller-Retour" on March 12, 2007.
La Fouine : III", La Fouine released a new edition of "La Fouine vs Laouni" entitled "La Fouine et Laouni" including twelve songs of his double album with an unpublished remix "Toute la night" produced by Majestic Drama and "Veni, vidi, vici" remixed by Dj Battle featuring Francisco.
La Fouine : After releasing the street-tape "Capitale du Crime" which highlights the rappers of Yvelines, the third album of the rapper "Mes Repères" released in February 2009 and received a gold disc certification in October 2009.
La Fouine : Nowadays, this mixtape is certified gold.
La Fouine : This single featured Sniper, Niro, Youssoupha, Canardo, Fababy and Sultan.
La Fouine : After releasing his first street-tape "Planète Trappes" that made him earn an early legitimacy in rap, he released his first album in 2005 called "Bourré au Son" strongly marked by the California style.
La Fouine : Trappes Stars was composed of some rappers of Trappes region such as Canardo, Green, MAS, Chabodo, Gued'1 or the A2P.
La Fouine : On this album are collaborations with Canardo, Green Money, Kennedy, Vincenzo, Chabodo, A2P Rickwell, Gued'1"...
La Fouine : Today, this album is certified gold.
La Fouine : Today, this album is certified platinum.
Aaron Ramsey : He also won the man of the match award.
Aaron Ramsey : He was also the team's second-top scorer for the season (16 goals), and provided the second-highest number of assists for the season (8).
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey had touched the ball more times than any other player (1,115) and had made the most tackles (57).
Aaron Ramsey : On 18 March 2014, he signed a new contract extension with the "Gunners".
Aaron Ramsey : Aaron James Ramsey (born 26 December 1990) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Juventus and the Wales national team.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey won the Premier League Player of the Month award for September.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey was loaned out to Nottingham Forest on 25 November 2010 until 3 January 2011.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey mainly plays as a box-to-box midfielder, but has also been deployed on the left and right wings.
Aaron Ramsey : He also represented Great Britain at the 2012 Olympics.
Aaron Ramsey : Former Arsenal midfielder Ray Parlour said that Ramsey could "become as influential as Steven Gerrard".
Aaron Ramsey : He scored his first goal as captain in Wales' final Nations Cup match against Northern Ireland on 27 May 2011.
Aaron Ramsey : On 30 November, he scored two goals against his former club Cardiff City, and refused to celebrate out of respect.
Aaron Ramsey : Despite missing over three months of the 2013–14 Premier League, Ramsey was the Arsenal player who won the most tackles throughout the season.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey made his Forest debut on 29 November 2010 as a 61st-minute substitute against Leicester City.
Aaron Ramsey : He made his first start since his injury for Arsenal on 19 March against West Bromwich Albion.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey's early season form saw him voted Arsenal's Player of the Month for four consecutive months between August and November 2013.
Aaron Ramsey : On 24 December 2013, Ramsey and Touré were reported to be the only two players in the Premier League to have completed more than 1,000 passes.
Aaron Ramsey : On 20 April, he scored once and was credited with two assists in Arsenal's 3–0 win away to Hull City.
Aaron Ramsey : He then scored twice against Sunderland on 14 September, with his first goal being a first-touch volley, and the second involving build-up play with Giroud and new signing Mesut Özil.
Aaron Ramsey : On 3 December, Ramsey assisted Alexis Sánchez's late winner against Southampton at home.
Aaron Ramsey : Manager Gary Speed appointed Ramsey as permanent captain of Wales, beginning with the match against England on 26 March 2011.
Aaron Ramsey : On 26 December, he suffered a thigh strain in Arsenal's away fixture against West Ham United, eventually missing over three months of the season.
Aaron Ramsey : In November 2013, Ramsey was ranked alongside Manchester City's Yaya Touré as the best central midfielder in the 2013–14 Premier League season.
Aaron Ramsey : On 6 April, Ramsey returned from injury as a substitute in Arsenal's 3–0 loss at Everton.
Aaron Ramsey : On 12 April, he was named in the starting line-up for the first time since Boxing Day in the FA Cup semi-final against Wigan Athletic, playing 113 minutes before being substituted for Kim Källström.
Aaron Ramsey : In the fourth minute of the match he assisted on Theo Walcott's goal that gave Arsenal the 1–0 advantage in the first leg of the match.
Aaron Ramsey : He made his Arsenal return as a 72nd-minute substitute against Manchester United in the FA Cup which Arsenal lost 2–0.
Aaron Ramsey : He also scored a crucial second-half header four days later against Borussia Dortmund in a 1–0 away victory in the Champions League group stages, bringing his goal tally to 13 in 21 appearances for club and country.
Aaron Ramsey : On 19 October, he scored a solo goal against Norwich City, which was his ninth goal for Arsenal in the season, before assisting the fourth Arsenal goal in a 4–1 win.
Aaron Ramsey :  Ramsey ended the season with seven league appearances.
Aaron Ramsey : On 28 September, he was again named as the man of the match as he netted another goal and claimed an assist in the away game against Swansea City, which Arsenal won 2–1.
Aaron Ramsey : On 16 August 2011, Ramsey made his first Champions League appearance of the season at home against Udinese.
Aaron Ramsey : On 19 August, in the first leg of Arsenal's Champions League play-off away to Beşiktaş, he was sent off for a second booking in a goalless draw.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey started the 2013–14 season well, scoring in the first leg of the Champions League play-off against Fenerbahçe and claiming the man of the match award.
Aaron Ramsey : On 18 April, Ramsey was named as one of the six players on the shortlist for the PFA Young Player of the Year award, and on 11 May he scored a volley to help his side to a 2–0 win over Norwich City on the last day of the Premier League 2013–14 season, relegating their opponents.
Aaron Ramsey : The absence of Mikel Arteta from Arsenal's midfield saw Arsène Wenger field Ramsey in a deeper midfield role as opposed to 2011–12, and Ramsey thrived in the new role, with another inspired midfield performance against Tottenham Hotspur in the North London derby on 1 September, where he was involved in the build-up play to Giroud's goal.
Aaron Ramsey : Six days later, in the club's first league match of the season, at home against Crystal Palace, he scored the winning goal in injury-time to secure a 2–1 comeback victory.
Aaron Ramsey : His good form continued into November as he scored a spectacular long range shot from outside of the box in a 2–0 win against Liverpool on 2 November to put Arsenal five points clear at the top of the Premier League table with ten games played.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey continued his fine form in Arsenal's 3–1 win over Fulham in the second round of the Premier League, helping Olivier Giroud score the first goal via a deflection, and being named man of the match.
Aaron Ramsey : Ramsey continued his excellent form by scoring in Arsenal's 2–1 win over Marseille in the Champions League at the Stade Vélodrome and scoring the opener in a 3–1 Premier League win against Stoke City four days later.
Aaron Ramsey : On 1 May, Ramsey scored his first goal of the season in a 1–0 home Premier League victory over Manchester United.
Josep Maria Forn : He received the Creu de Sant Jordi Award by the Catalan Government in 2001.
Josep Maria Forn : His film, "La piel quemada" ("Burnt Skin") (1967), dealt with the migration to Catalonia from other parts of Spain, and was very successful besides the Franco's censorship.
Josep Maria Forn : Josep Maria Forn i Costa (; Barcelona, April 4, 1928) is a Spanish actor, film producer and film director.
Josep Maria Forn : He wanted to be a writer, but he started making movies in the 1950s with the short-film "Gaudí" (1954) and some commercial movies.
Josep Maria Forn : From 1987 to 1991, he was the director of the cinematography department in the Generalitat de Catalunya, and in 1994, president of Catalan Film Directors College.
David Limberský : On 5 June 2009, at the age of 25, Limberský made his debut for the Czech Republic national football team with a 1–0 victory against Malta in a friendly.
David Limberský : David Limberský (born 6 October 1983) is a Czech professional footballer who plays for Czech club FC Viktoria Plzeň.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He was created a cardinal in 1994, becoming the second Indonesian to be a cardinal.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He submitted his resignation upon reaching mandatory retirement age of 75 and Pope Benedict XVI accepted his retirement on 28 June 2010.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He was automatically succeeded as Archbishop of Jakarta by the Coadjutor Archbishop Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo.
Julius Darmaatmadja : As a Cardinal, he participated in the Papal conclave, 2005, which elected Pope Benedict XVI.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He served as Provincial of the Indonesian Province of the Society of Jesus from 1981 to 1983.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He was elected President of National Bishops' Conference of Indonesia from 1988 to 1997 and again from 2001 to 2006.
Julius Darmaatmadja : Julius Darmaatmadja (born 20 December 1934) is an Indonesian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He studied philosophy from 1961 to 1964 at De Nobili College, Pontifical Athenaeum, Poona, India and theology from 1966 to 1970 at Saint Ignatius College, Yogyakarta.
Julius Darmaatmadja : He served as the Archbishop of Semarang from 1983 to 1996 and Archbishop of Jakarta from 1996 to 2010.
José María Barreda : Barreda's first elected position was to the municipal council of Ciudad Real, a post he held from 1983-1987.
José María Barreda : Barreda, who was born in Ciudad Real, is a descendant of a Spanish noble family and holds a doctorate in history and geography and a BA in philosophy and letters from the Complutense University of Madrid.
José María Barreda : Barreda met his wife, Clementina Díez de Baldeón, a socialist deputy for the Province of Ciudad Real, while still at university; the couple have two children.
José María Barreda : José María Barreda Fontes (born 4 February 1953) is a Spanish politician and academic.
José María Barreda : As a Minister, he oversaw the creation of the University of Castile-La Mancha, launched the regional network of libraries, cultural centres, theatres and auditoria, and organised the conversion of the library at the Alcázar of Toledo.
Diego Cagna : Diego Cagna (born 19 April 1970 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football coach and former player.
Diego Cagna : His first professional first division match was in December 1988, with Argentinos Juniors.
Diego Cagna : He transferred to Independiente at the beginning of 1992, where he played for 4 years.
Diego Cagna : His only goal for the national team was on 15 April 1998 friendly match against Israel in Jerusalem, which Argentina lost 2–1.
Diego Cagna : With the Argentina national football team he won the Confederations Cup 1992, and participated in the Copa América 1999.
Diego Cagna : The former Chacarita coach replaces on 20 April 2010 Hugo Tocalli as Head Coach by Colo-Colo.
Diego Cagna : He played 2 seasons with the "Yellow Submarine", and after playing the Apertura 2002 with Mexican Atlético Celaya, he returned to Boca Juniors in 2003.
Charles Pic : In 2009 he was also a member of the Renault Driver Development.
Charles Pic : Born in Montélimar, France, Pic entered karting at a late age of 13 years.
Charles Pic : For 2008 Pic moved to Tech 1 Racing to contest the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
Charles Pic : He was partnered by Julien Jousse and finished sixth in the points thanks to two wins at Circuit de Monaco – having dominated the entire weekend with pole position and fastest lap – and at Le Mans.
Charles Pic : He remained with Tech 1 for the following season and won twice more, at Silverstone and the Nürburgring, which helped him to finish third in the final standings.
Christopher Eccleston : His brothers, Alan and Keith, are twins who are eight years older than him.
Christopher Eccleston : His film career has since taken off with a variety of roles, including "Jude" (1996), "Elizabeth" (1998), "eXistenZ" (1999), "Gone in 60 Seconds" (2000), "The Others" (2001), "24 Hour Party People" (2002) and "28 Days Later" (2002).
Christopher Eccleston : Christopher Eccleston was born into a working-class family in Langworthy, Salford, Lancashire, England, the youngest of three sons born to Elsie and Ronnie Eccleston.
Christopher Eccleston : Christopher Eccleston (; born 16 February 1964) is an English actor.
Christopher Eccleston : Starting in 2014, he portrayed the regular character The Reverend Matt Jamison on the HBO drama series "The Leftovers".
Christopher Eccleston : In 2013, Eccleston portrayed the villainous Malekith in "", the sequel to "Thor" and the eighth instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Michael Fassbender : Fassbender and his sister spent summer holidays in Germany, and he speaks German fluently, though he later stated before filming "Inglourious Basterds" that he had needed to brush up some on his spoken German because "it was a bit rusty."
Michael Fassbender : In 2013, Fassbender appeared in another Ridley Scott film, "The Counselor".
Michael Fassbender : He also starred in "Shame", as a man in his thirties struggling with his sexual addiction.
Michael Fassbender : Michael Fassbender (born 2 April 1977) is an Irish-German actor.
Michael Fassbender : According to Fassbender family lore, his mother is the great-grand-niece of Michael Collins, an Irish leader during the War of Independence.
Michael Fassbender : In December 2014, he began dating Swedish actress Alicia Vikander, whom he met on the set of "The Light Between Oceans".
Michael Fassbender : He first came to prominence for his role as IRA activist Bobby Sands in "Hunger" (2008), for which he won a British Independent Film Award.
Michael Fassbender : In 2006, Fassbender played Stelios, a young Spartan warrior, in "300", a fantasy action film directed by Zack Snyder.
Asif Ali Zardari : He was succeeded by Mamnoon Hussain as President.
Asif Ali Zardari : He is member of National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.
Asif Ali Zardari : Zardari won a majority in the Electoral College with 481 of 702 votes.
Asif Ali Zardari : Asif Ali Zardari (; ; born 26 July 1955) is a Pakistani politician who is the president of Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians and was the co-chairperson of Pakistan People's Party.
Vitorino Hilton : The club finished ninth place, far from missing out of European competitions.
Vitorino Hilton : Vitorino Hilton da Silva, known as Hilton (born 13 September 1977) is a Brazilian professional footballer who captains and plays as a centre back for French Ligue 1 club Montpellier HSC.
Vitorino Hilton : Eventually, the club was eliminated from the Champions League after finishing fourth place.
Vitorino Hilton : After one season there, Hilton move to Europe by joining Swiss side Servette.
Vitorino Hilton : Despite this, Hilton signed a one-year contract with the club, until 2014.
Vitorino Hilton : Following the departure of Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa to Newcastle United, Hilton was appointed as the club's new captain.
Vitorino Hilton : The following 2012–13 season, Hilton continued to be in the club's first team place, though been used in and out.
Vitorino Hilton : At the end of the 2011–12 season, Hilton was named Trophées UNFP du football's Team of the Year of 2012.
Vitorino Hilton : However, the club was unable to defend their league title as they surrendered it to title chaser Paris Saint Germain, who finished second last season.
Vitorino Hilton : After making seven appearance so far, he scored his first goal for the club, in a 2–2 draw against Bordeaux.
Vitorino Hilton : During the season, Hilton's contract with Montpellier was extended after the club activated its options to keep him for another year.
Vitorino Hilton : Hilton played his first European match in over two years, in a 2–1 loss against Arsenal in the group-stage of the Champions League.
Vitorino Hilton : At Montpellier, Hilton helped the club win their first league title after winning 2–1 against already relegated side Auxerre.
Vitorino Hilton : Hilton made his debut, on 14 August 2011, in a 1–0 win against defending champion Lille.
Marco Saligari : Since 2002, Saligari has served as manager of the Landbouwkrediet (formerly "Colnago-Landbouwkrediet") squad.
Marco Saligari : Marco Saligari (born 18 May 1965 in Sesto San Giovanni) is a directeur sportif and former Italian road bicycle racer who raced during the 1990s.
Michael Mann : During this time, he saw Stanley Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove" and fell in love with movies.
Michael Mann : Mann's first cinema feature as director was "Thief" (1981) starring James Caan, a relatively accurate depiction of thieves that operated in New York City and Chicago at that time.
Michael Mann : He is also known for his role as executive producer on the popular TV series "Miami Vice" (1984–89), which he later adapted into a 2006 feature film.
Michael Mann : In 1986, Mann was the first to bring Thomas Harris' character of serial killer Hannibal Lecter to the screen with "Manhunter", his adaptation of the novel "Red Dragon", which starred Brian Cox as a more down-to-earth Hannibal.
Michael Mann : in English at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he developed interests in history, philosophy and architecture.
Michael Mann : In 1968, footage he shot of the Paris student revolt for a documentary, "Insurrection", aired on NBC's "First Tuesday" news program and he developed his '68 experiences into the short film "Jaunpuri" which won the Jury Prize at Cannes in 1970.
Michael Mann : Michael Kenneth Mann (born February 5, 1943) is an American director, screenwriter, and producer of film and television who is best known for his distinctive brand of stylized crime drama.
Roque Júnior : José Vítor Roque Jr. (; born 31 August 1976 in Santa Rita do Sapucaí) more commonly known as Roque Júnior, is a former association footballer who played as a defender.
Pierre Coffin : He created the characters "Pat & Stan" for a TF1 TV series.
Pierre Coffin : Dini, an Indonesian novelist.
Pierre Coffin : He then started to collaborate by doing commercials with Passion Pictures Paris and Mac Guff.
Pierre Coffin : He was trained at the Gobelins animation school in Paris and started to work at Amblin, the 2D London-based facility, where he worked on the Steven Spielberg-executive-produced "We're Back!
Pierre Coffin : Coffin was born in France to Yves Coffin, a French diplomat, and Nh.
Pierre Coffin : Coffin directed "Despicable Me" (2010) and "Despicable Me 2" (2013), with Renaud, "Despicable Me 3" (2017) and the "Despicable Me" spin-off, "Minions" (2015) with Kyle Balda.
Pierre Coffin : In 2010 he completed, with Chris Renaud, the feature CGI animated movie "Despicable Me" for Universal.
Kent Beck : In March 1996 the development team estimated the system would be ready to go into production around one year later.
Kent Beck : The one-year delivery target was nearly achieved, with actual delivery being only a couple of months late.
Kent Beck : In 1997 the development team adopted a way of working which is now formalized as extreme programming.
Kent Beck : He lives in San Francisco, California and worked at social media company Facebook.
Kent Beck : Beck was one of the 17 original signatories of the Agile Manifesto, the founding document for agile software development.
Kent Beck : Beck pioneered software design patterns, as well as the commercial application of Smalltalk.
Kent Beck : In 1996 Beck was hired to work on the Chrysler Comprehensive Compensation System.
Kent Beck : Kent Beck (born 1961) is an American software engineer and the creator of extreme programming, a software development methodology that eschews rigid formal specification for a collaborative and iterative design process.
Kent Beck : He wrote the SUnit unit testing framework for Smalltalk, which spawned the xUnit series of frameworks, notably JUnit for Java, which Beck wrote with Erich Gamma.
Teng Biao : Human rights organisations state that "He remains under surveillance".
Teng Biao : He has been arrested at least twice, in March 2008 and in February 2011.
Teng Biao : On 28 February 2011, Amnesty International launched an "urgent action" in support of the three detained lawyers.
Teng Biao : He has been a vocal supporter of human rights activists such as Chen Guangcheng and Hu Jia.
Teng Biao : Teng Biao is one of the founders of the Open Constitution Initiative in 2003.
Teng Biao : His fellow lawyers Jiang Tianyong and Tang Jitian, who attended the meeting, were arrested soon after.
Teng Biao : Teng is a lecturer at the University of Politics and Law in Beijing.
Teng Biao : On 7 March 2008, Teng was abducted by Beijing Public Security agents and detained for two days.
Teng Biao : Teng was arrested on 20 February, the first Sunday of the 2011 Chinese pro-democracy protests that were inspired by the Arab Spring.
Teng Biao : Teng Biao was released on 29 April, after more than two months of detention.
Teng Biao : In 2006 he was counsel for the blind civil rights activist Chen Guangcheng, who was sentenced to four years and three months in prison.
Rubén Reyes : Rubén Reyes Díaz (; born 5 January 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and is a manager.
Gianni Guigou : Gianni Bismark Guigou Martínez (born 22 February 1975 in Nueva Palmira) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a midfielder.
Gianni Guigou : He left Nacional to join Serie A club A.S. Roma in 2000 for US$5.8M, where he won the 2000/2001 Scudetto.
Gianni Guigou : In June 2006 he left for newly relegated Serie B side Treviso as part of Massimo Gobbi and Reginaldo's deal.
Gianni Guigou : He played for Uruguay in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Anton Zeilinger : Key results include the most precise quantitative study to date of decoherence by thermal radiation and by atomic collisions and the first quantum interference of complex biological macro-molecules.
Anton Zeilinger : In the early 1990s, he started experiments in the field of atom optics.
Anton Zeilinger : He developed a number of ways to coherently manipulate atomic beams, many of which, like the coherent energy shift of an atomic De Broglie wave upon diffraction at a time-modulated light wave, have become cornerstones of today's ultracold atom experiments.
Taeke Taekema : Born in Leiderdorp, he made his debut on 28 January 2000 in a friendly match in and against Egypt and has played in over two hundred international matches for the Dutch.
Taeke Taekema : Sportswear maker Adidas introduced its limited edition TT10 hockey stick, which incorporated Taekema's initials and jersey number.
Taeke Taekema : During the 2007 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship, Taekema struck a record 16 goals, including a double hat trick against Belgium in the semi-finals.
Bryan Talbot : It is planned as the first in a series of four or five graphic novels.
Bryan Talbot : He wrote and drew the layouts for "Cherubs!
Bryan Talbot : ", which he describes as "an irreverent fast-paced supernatural comedy-adventure."
Bryan Talbot : Talbot began his comics work in the underground comix scene of the late 1960s.
Bryan Talbot : He admitted that he was the author in 2009.
Bryan Talbot : Along with "When the Wind Blows" it is one of the first British graphic novels.
Bryan Talbot : In 2006, he announced the graphic novel "Metronome", an existential, textless erotically-charged visual poem, written under the pseudonym Véronique Tanaka.
Bryan Talbot : He drew "The Nazz" limited series which was written by Tom Veitch and worked with Tom's brother Rick Veitch on "Teknophage", one of a number of mini-series he drew for Tekno Comix.
Bryan Talbot : Talbot moved to the U.S. market in the 1990s, principally for DC Comics, on titles such as "Hellblazer", "", and "Dead Boy Detectives".
Bryan Talbot : In 2007 he released "Alice in Sunderland", which documents the connections between Lewis Carroll, Alice Liddell, and the Sunderland and Wearside area.
Bryan Talbot : His "The Tale of One Bad Rat" deals with a girl's recovery from childhood sexual abuse.
Bryan Talbot : It was originally published in "Near Myths" and continued on over the years in other publications.
Bryan Talbot : He continued in the scene after leaving college, producing Brainstorm Comix, the first three of which formed "The Chester P. Hackenbush Trilogy", a character reworked by Alan Moore as Chester Williams for "Swamp Thing".
Bryan Talbot : In 1969 his first work appeared as illustrations in "Mallorn", the British Tolkien Society magazine, followed in 1972 by a weekly strip in his college newspaper.
Bryan Talbot : In the early to mid-eighties he provided art for some of "2000 AD"'s flagship serials, producing three series of "Nemesis the Warlock", as well as occasional strips for "Judge Dredd".
Gennaro Gattuso : He later revealed that he had seen teammate Zlatan Ibrahimović in four different positions during the opening stages of the match, and was unable to see Nesta, resulting in the pair's clash.
Gennaro Gattuso : He was substituted off directly afterward in the 20th minute and diagnosed with a left sixth cranial nerve palsy, resulting in double vision, an injury that could have ended his football career.
Gennaro Gattuso : Gennaro Ivan "Rino" Gattuso (; born 9 January 1978) is a retired Italian footballer who is the current manager of Napoli.
Gennaro Gattuso : On 5 June 2014, Gattuso was appointed manager of Superleague Greece team OFI Crete.
Gennaro Gattuso : In May 2017 Gattuso was appointed as the coach of A.C. Milan Primavera, the under-19 team of the club.
Gennaro Gattuso : On 11 December 2019, Gattuso was appointed head coach of Napoli following the sacking of Carlo Ancelotti the previous day.
Nicholas Mirzoeff : He was also Deputy Director of the International Association for Visual Culture from 2012-2016 and organized its first conference in 2012.
Nicholas Mirzoeff : He is best known for his work developing the field of visual culture and for his many books and his widely used textbook on the subject.
Nicholas Mirzoeff : Mirzoeff holds a BA degree from Oxford University and studied for his PhD at the University of Warwick.
Bernard Vallet : Bernard Vallet (born January 18, 1954 in Vienne, Isère) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the mountains classification in the 1982 Tour de France.
Lars Boom : In December 2019, Boom announced that he was retiring from road racing after being unable to find a contract for 2020, due to his team folding at the end of the season.
Lars Boom : Lars Anthonius Johannes Boom (born 30 December 1985) is a professional cyclo-cross and mountain bike racing cyclist.
Lars Boom : In 2014 Boom won the fifth stage of the Tour de France, a stage marked by difficulty due to wet conditions and significant sections of cobblestones.
Charlie Sheen : films.
Charlie Sheen : She broke off the engagement soon after.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen is staunchly opposed to vaccinations.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen has been married three times.
Charlie Sheen : In the 2000s, when Sheen replaced Michael J.
Charlie Sheen : In November 2010, Sheen filed for divorce.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen appeared in several comedy roles, including the "Major League" films, "Money Talks", and the spoof "Hot Shots!"
Charlie Sheen : After separating from Denise Richards he sent a legal notice to his daughters' physician stating his lack of consent to vaccinate them.
Charlie Sheen : In January 1990, Sheen accidentally shot his fiancée, Kelly Preston, in the arm.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen's personal life has made headlines, including reports of alcohol and drug abuse and marital problems, as well as allegations of domestic violence.
Charlie Sheen : His father had adopted the surname Sheen in honor of the Catholic archbishop and theologian Fulton J. Sheen, while Charlie was an English form of his given name Carlos.
Charlie Sheen : In March 2011, his contract for "Two and a Half Men" was terminated by CBS and Warner Bros following his derogatory comments about the series' creator, Chuck Lorre.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen has two older brothers, Emilio and Ramon, and a younger sister, Renée, all actors.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen's role on "Two and a Half Men" was loosely based on Sheen's bad boy image.
Charlie Sheen : At Santa Monica High School, he showed an early interest in acting, making amateur Super 8 films with his brother Emilio and school friends Rob Lowe and Sean Penn under his birth name.
Charlie Sheen : Carlos Irwin Estévez (born September 3, 1965), known professionally as Charlie Sheen, is an American actor.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen's first movie appearance was at age nine in his father's 1974 film "The Execution of Private Slovik".
Charlie Sheen : Sheen attended Santa Monica High School in Santa Monica, California, along with Robert Downey Jr., where he was a star pitcher and shortstop for the baseball team.
Charlie Sheen : On November 17, 2015, Sheen publicly revealed that he is HIV positive, having been diagnosed about four years earlier.
Charlie Sheen : In 2010, Sheen was the highest paid actor on television and earned US$1.8 million per episode of "Two and a Half Men".
Charlie Sheen : On May 30, 2008, Sheen married his third wife, Brooke Mueller and had twin sons.
Charlie Sheen : Sheen and Grey reunited in a small scene in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986).
Charlie Sheen : In 2003, Sheen was cast as Charlie Harper in the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", which followed the popular Monday night time slot of "Everybody Loves Raymond".
Charlie Sheen : His parents moved to Malibu, California, after Martin's Broadway turn in "The Subject Was Roses".
Charlie Sheen : Sheen's film career began in 1984 with a role in the Cold War teen drama "Red Dawn" with Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Grey.
Henri Camara : Henri Camara (born 10 May 1977) is a Senegalese former footballer who played as a striker.
Henri Camara : He went on to play in their surprising run at the 2002 World Cup, scoring two goals – one a golden goal – in the Round of 16 against Sweden, which took them to the quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Jürgen Melzer : He has a younger brother, Gerald Melzer, with whom he has played doubles in several tournaments.
Jürgen Melzer : Jürgen Melzer (born 22 May 1981) is an Austrian professional tennis player.
Jürgen Melzer : In 1999, he won the boys' singles event at Wimbledon.
John Mayer : B.
John Mayer : The band took a break in mid-2006.
John Mayer : His father is Jewish, and Mayer has said that he relates to Judaism.
John Mayer : Mayer has won seven awards from nineteen nominations.
John Mayer : After watching Michael J.
John Mayer : In his acceptance speech he remarked, "This is very, very fast, and I promise to catch up."
John Mayer : He also figuratively referred to himself as being 16, a remark that many mistook to mean that he was 16 years old at the time.
John Mayer : When Mayer was 17, he was stricken with cardiac dysrhythmia and was hospitalized for a weekend.
John Mayer : A few months later, a "best of" CD was compiled from the "As/Is" nights.
John Mayer : His singular focus concerned his parents, and they twice took him to see a psychiatrist, who determined him to be healthy.
John Mayer : He continues to manage such episodes with anti-anxiety medication.
John Mayer : Commercially, the album peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
John Mayer : Because of this, he removed the top half of the Grammy and gave it to Keys, and kept the bottom part for himself.
John Mayer : He grew up in nearby Fairfield, the middle child between older brother Carl and younger brother Ben.
John Mayer : He dedicated the award to his grandmother, Annie Hoffman, who had died in May 2004.
John Mayer : The two parted ways and Mayer embarked on a solo career.
John Mayer : Shortly thereafter, he began suffering from panic attacks, and says he feared having to enter a mental institution.
John Mayer : The album covers of the "As/Is" releases feature drawings of anthropomorphic bunnies.
John Mayer : Mayer says that his parents' contentious marriage led him to "disappear and create my own world I could believe in".
John Mayer : "Rolling Stone, Allmusic," and "Blender" all gave positive, although reserved, feedback.
John Mayer : As part of the major label "debut", the album's artwork was updated, and the track "3x5" was added.
John Mayer : Reflecting on the incident, Mayer said, "That was the moment the songwriter in me was born", and he penned his first lyrics the night he left the hospital.
John Mayer : The re-release included reworked studio versions of the first four songs from "Inside Wants Out".
John Mayer : At the 37th Annual Songwriters Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony in 2006, Mayer received the Hal David Starlight Award.
John Mayer : Mayer and LaBruyere performed throughout Georgia and nearby states.
John Mayer : Fox's guitar performance as Marty McFly in "Back to the Future", Mayer became fascinated with the instrument.
John Mayer : With the help of local producer and engineer Glenn Matullo, Mayer recorded the independent EP "Inside Wants Out".
John Mayer : The trio combined blues and rock music.
John Mayer : The EP includes eight songs with Mayer on lead vocals and guitars.
John Mayer : Mayer started taking lessons from a local guitar-shop owner, Al Ferrante, and soon became consumed.
John Mayer : He attended the Center for Global Studies at Brien McMahon High School in Norwalk for his junior year (then known as the Center for Japanese Studies Abroad, a magnet program for learning Japanese).
John Mayer : The album was commercially successful, and while it did not sell as well as "Room for Squares", it peaked at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
John Mayer : Its accompanying DVD release received conservative—although consistent—praise, with critics torn between his pop-idol image, and (at the time) emerging guitar prowess.
John Mayer : By the end of 2002, "Room for Squares" had spawned several radio hits, including "No Such Thing", "Your Body Is a Wonderland", and "Why Georgia".
John Mayer : Mayer considered skipping college to pursue his music, but his parents dissuaded him.
John Mayer : At the urging of his college friend Clay Cook, they left Berklee after two semesters and moved to Atlanta.
John Mayer : Mayer's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting, comedy, and writing; he has authored columns for magazines such as "Esquire".
John Mayer : There, they formed a two-man band called LoFi Masters, and began performing in local coffee houses and club venues such as Eddie's Attic.
John Mayer : On June 18, 2013, he released a lyric video for the album's first single, "Paper Doll", on his official YouTube page.
John Mayer : During this time, Aware concluded a deal with Columbia Records that gave Columbia first pick in signing Aware artists.
John Mayer : According to Cook, they experienced musical differences due to Mayer's desire to move more towards pop music.
John Mayer : On August 23, 2006, Mayer debuted the entire album on the Los Angeles radio station Star 98.7, offering commentary on each track.
John Mayer : Mayer's third studio album, titled "Continuum", was released on September 12, 2006, produced by Mayer and Steve Jordan.
John Mayer : In February 2003, Mayer released a live CD and DVD of a concert in Birmingham, Alabama titled "Any Given Thursday", which included songs previously not recorded, such as "Man on the Side", "Something's Missing", and Covered in Rain".
John Mayer : His following two full-length albums—"Room for Squares" (2001) and "Heavier Things" (2003)—did well commercially, achieving multi-platinum status.
John Mayer : However, the discovery of a granuloma on his vocal cords delayed the release of the album until May 2012, and forced him to cancel the planned tour.
John Mayer : After two years of practice, he started playing at bars and other venues, while still in high school.
John Mayer : "Heavier Things", Mayer's second album, was released in 2003 to generally favorable reviews.
John Mayer : In October 2005, they opened for the Rolling Stones and that November released a live album called "Try!"
John Mayer : He enrolled in the Berklee College of Music in 1997 at age 19.
John Mayer : For the opening track, "Back To You", a full band was enlisted, including the EP's co-producer David "DeLa" LaBruyere on bass guitars.
John Mayer : John Clayton Mayer (; born October 16, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, and record producer.
John Mayer : On September 21, 2006, Mayer appeared on "", playing "Waiting on the World to Change" and "Slow Dancing in a Burning Room".
John Mayer : Steve Jobs invited Mayer to perform during Apple's annual keynote address at the Macworld Conference & Expo in January 2004 as Jobs introduced the music production software GarageBand.
John Mayer : These recordings were released to the iTunes Store under the title "As/Is", indicating that the errors were included along with the good moments.
John Mayer : Born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, Mayer attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook.
John Mayer : King, Buddy Guy, and Eric Clapton.
John Mayer : He toured with jazz pianist Herbie Hancock, including a show at the Bonnaroo Music Festival.
John Mayer : The album included a previously unreleased cover of Marvin Gaye's song "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)", featuring a solo from Mayer's supporting act—jazz and blues turntablist DJ Logic.
John Mayer : In early 2001, after including him in Aware Festival concerts and his songs on Aware compilations, Aware released Mayer's internet-only album, "Room for Squares".
John Mayer : On February 9, 2009, Mayer told Ellen DeGeneres that he thought he should not have won the Grammy for Song of the year because he thought that Alicia Keys' "If I Ain't Got You" was the better song.
John Mayer : He also performed on commercial releases, namely, with Eric Clapton ("Back Home", Crossroads Guitar Festival), Buddy Guy ("Bring 'Em In)", John Scofield ("That's What I Say"), and B.B.
John Mayer : A neighbor gave Mayer a Stevie Ray Vaughan cassette, which cultivated Mayer's love of blues music.
John Mayer : Erik Crawford of AllMusic asked, "Is [Mayer] the consummate guitar hero exemplified when he plays a cover of Stevie Ray Vaughan's 'Lenny', or is he the teen idol that the pubescent girls shriek for after he plays 'Your Body Is a Wonderland'?"
John Mayer : In the spring of 2005, Mayer formed the John Mayer Trio with bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan, both of whom he had met through studio sessions.
John Mayer : The song was the third-most downloaded song of the week on the iTunes Store following its release on July 11, 2006, and debuted at number 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Chart.
John Mayer : In addition to performing solo, he was a member of a band called Villanova Junction (named for a Jimi Hendrix song) with Tim Procaccini, Joe Beleznay, and Rich Wolf.
John Mayer : He also won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Waiting on the World to Change".
John Debney : After three years at Disney, he freelanced for television composer Mike Post.
John Debney : degree in Music Composition from the California Institute of Arts in 1979.
John Debney : Debney furthered his hands-on training by working with Hanna-Barbera composer Hoyt Curtin.
John Debney : He began guitar lessons at age six and played in rock bands in college.
John Debney : In the early 1990s, Debney began to score indie films and Disneyland attractions.
John Debney : In 1993, he scored his first studio feature, the Disney comedy "Hocus Pocus" starring Bette Midler.
John Debney : John Cardon Debney (born August 18, 1956) is an American composer and conductor of film, television, and video game scores.
John Debney : Debney has since gone on to have a career composing scores for many films including: "The Passion of the Christ", "Bruce Almighty", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "Elf", "Sin City", "Chicken Little", "Liar Liar", "Spy Kids", "The Scorpion King", "The Princess Diaries" and "Predators".
John Debney : After this, Debney went on to score television projects as diverse as "Disneyland", "", "", "SeaQuest DSV", "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo", "The Cape", "The Lazarus Man", "Piggsburg Pigs!
Klaus Ebner : The writer lives in Vienna with his family.
Klaus Ebner : ("What Remains of the White Knight?
Klaus Ebner : His sister was born in 1969; the family moved one year later.
Klaus Ebner : 1944), worked as a hairdresser and his father, Walter (1939–1996), was a salesman who sold home entertainment products in the 1970s and later.
Klaus Ebner : Another award-winning essay, "Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter?"
Klaus Ebner : He is a member of several Austrian writers associations, including the Grazer Autorenversammlung.
Klaus Ebner : Each sentence has a melody; his short prose especially sounds lyrical.
Klaus Ebner : Ebner intermingled his own reading experience with philological and historical information to create "Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter?
Klaus Ebner : His first collection of short stories was printed in 2007.
Klaus Ebner : At this time he was already working for a literary circle and Viennese literature magazine.
Klaus Ebner : Jezek compares Ebner's sentences to "Japanese paintings – every word has been chosen with special care".
Klaus Ebner : One year later, the novella was published in several parts in Israel's German newspaper "Israel-Nachrichten".
Klaus Ebner : Supported by a subsidy for literature from the Austrian government, he went to Andorra in 2007 to write an essay about the country in the Pyrenees.
Klaus Ebner : In 2008, Ebner was awarded the Wiener Werkstattpreis for his short story "Der Flügel Last" ("The Wings' Burden"), which describes a seven-year-old girl who suffers from cancer.
Klaus Ebner : Austrian critics, such as Wolfgang Ratz, have praised Ebner's prose-style.
Klaus Ebner : He started submitting stories to magazines in the 1980s, and also published articles and books on software topics after 1989.
Klaus Ebner : Ebner's short stories in particular cover a multitude of topics, which, as critic Julia Rafael states, treat actual and socially relevant problems.
Klaus Ebner : Klaus Ebner (born 8 August 1964) is an Austrian writer, essayist, poet, and translator.
Klaus Ebner : In 2007, Ebner's poem, "a paperman and sick", became one of the Mentioned Poems at the International Poetry Prize Nosside.
Klaus Ebner : The publishing list on Ebner's website lists only six publications in anthologies by 2004, but seventeen are listed from between 2005 and 2008.
Klaus Ebner : The jury referred to the "metropolitan tristesse" in the poem which describes a "paperman" whose "meal consists of loneliness":
Klaus Ebner : His works include cultural essays on Catalan topics, and stories dealing with Jewish traditions.
Klaus Ebner : Klaus Ebner was born on 8 August 1964 in Vienna, Austria, where he grew up.
Klaus Ebner : She describes the stories included in the anthology "Lose" as "somewhat imploding" and says that "phantasms, irony and humor have their place, too".
Klaus Ebner : The topic of his 1988 master's thesis ("Diplomarbeit"), written in French, was titled "The Image of the Catalan Countries in French literature from Romanticism till Today".
Klaus Ebner : "), gives insight into the medieval novel "Tirant lo Blanch" by Joanot Martorell from Valencia.
Klaus Ebner : Since graduating from school, Ebner has written short prose, poetry and radio plays.
Klaus Ebner : In 2001, while studying European economics at a Viennese university of applied sciences, he authored a paper about Islamism in Europe, which was published in Germany in 2001.
Klaus Ebner : He has received several literature awards, among them the Youth Prize "Erster Österreichischer Jugendpreis" in 1982, and the Viennese "Wiener Werkstattpreis" in 2007.
Klaus Ebner : His poetry is written in German and Catalan.
Klaus Ebner : In 1982, Ebner was awarded the Youth Prize for Literature ("Großer Österreichischer Jugendpreis") for his novella "Das Brandmal" ("The Stigma"), which had attracted the attention of Austrian critic and jury member Hans Weigel.
Klaus Ebner : Ebner's poetry is written in German and Catalan; he also translates French and Catalan literature into German.
Klaus Ebner : Two early versions of this novel's chapters were published by the Upper Austrian magazine "die Rampe" in 1994 ("Der Schreiber von Aram") and 1997 ("Das Gesetz").
Klaus Ebner : His work has been published in literary and cultural magazines such as "Sterz", one of the largest literary magazine from Styria, Austria, and in "Lesezirkel", which was owned by the Viennese daily newspaper Wiener Zeitung.
Jean-Marie Lehn : Jean-Marie Lehn (born 30 September 1939) is a French chemist.
Jean-Marie Lehn : These cryptands, as Lehn dubbed them, became his main center of interest, and led to his definition of a new type of chemistry, "supramolecular chemistry", which instead of studying the bonds inside one molecule, looks at intermolecular attractions, and what would be later called "fragile objects", such as micelles, polymers, or clays.
Jean-Marie Lehn : He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Donald Cram and Charles Pedersen in 1987 for his synthesis of cryptands.
Jean-Marie Lehn : In 1968, he achieved the synthesis of cage-like molecules, comprising a cavity inside which another molecule could be lodged.
Eric Kandel : He shared the prize with Arvid Carlsson and Paul Greengard.
Eric Kandel : Eric Kandel was born on November 7, 1929, in Vienna.
Eric Kandel : Sigmund Freud, a pioneer in revealing the importance of unconscious neural processes, was at the root of Kandel's interest in the biology of motivation and unconscious and conscious memory.
Eric Kandel : He wrote an undergraduate honors thesis on "The Attitude Toward National Socialism of Three German Writers: Carl Zuckmayer, Hans Carossa, and Ernst Jünger".
Guillermo Ochoa : But those are not his only assets.
Guillermo Ochoa : Ajaccio lost 0–1.
Guillermo Ochoa : Ochoa's performance was praised, with many noting the Mexican had saved 12 of PSG's 39 total shots.
Guillermo Ochoa : Ochoa finished the season with 12 clean sheets.
Guillermo Ochoa : He has appeared on the North American front cover of the FIFA games, "FIFA 08" and "FIFA 09".
Guillermo Ochoa : Ochoa also contributed in 3–0 victory against Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël in the Coupe de France.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 9 May 2014, Ochoa was named in Mexico's 23-man squad for the 2014 World Cup.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 18 January 2014, Ochoa played his 100th match in Europe in Ajaccio's 0–2 away loss to Nice.
Guillermo Ochoa : Francisco Guillermo Ochoa Magaña (; born 13 July 1985), commonly referred to as Memo, is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga MX club América and the Mexico national team.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 18 August, Ochoa played all 90 minutes against Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes, with Ajaccio taking an early 1–0 advantage, though an Edinson Cavani goal in the 86th minute cost Ajaccio a famous victory, instead having to settle for a 1–1 draw.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 5 March 2016, Ochoa made his debut in La Liga in Málaga's 3–3 draw with Deportivo La Coruña, replacing Carlos Kameni due to injury in the 36th minute.
Guillermo Ochoa : Following a 1–2 defeat to Bastia on 20 April, Ajaccio were officially relegated to Ligue 2 after spending three years in the top flight.
Guillermo Ochoa : Ochoa started in Ajaccio's first game of the season on 11 August 2013 against Saint-Étienne.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 4 July 2011, Ochoa signed a three-year contract, with an additional one-year option, with French club Ajaccio, recently promoted to Ligue 1.
Guillermo Ochoa : He played in his first two friendlies with Ajaccio against Bordeaux and Real Sociedad, losing 1–2 and 0–4 respectively.
Guillermo Ochoa : Ochoa played his final match with the club on 17 May in a 1–3 defeat to Saint-Étienne.
Guillermo Ochoa : On 14 January 2012, he helped Ajaccio with a 2–1 victory over Auxerre, and on 21 January, he played against Valenciennes in a 2–1 victory which put Ajaccio out of the relegation zone since the start of the season.
John Cale : John Davies Cale, OBE (born 9 March 1942) is a Welsh musician, composer, singer, songwriter and record producer who was a founding member of the American rock band the Velvet Underground.
Wilson Kipketer : He married his Danish girlfriend Pernille in 2000 (also a long-distance athlete).
Wilson Kipketer : The following season, Kipketer contracted malaria and at first intended not to race at all.
Wilson Kipketer : In 1990, Kipketer travelled to Denmark as a foreign exchange student, studying electronic engineering.
Wilson Kipketer : Wilson Kosgei Kipketer (born 12 December 1972) is a Danish former middle distance runner.
Wilson Kipketer : He liked Denmark so much that he applied for Danish citizenship.
Wilson Kipketer : He announced his retirement from competitive athletics in August 2005.
Wilson Kipketer : At the European Championships in Budapest but made physical contact with the eventual winner Nils Schumann on the final straight and did not win a medal.
Wilson Kipketer : In 2000, he broke the world indoor record in the 1000 metres by running a 2:14.96.
Wilson Kipketer : Then in the final he took yet another second off the world record with a scintillating 1:42.67.
Wilson Kipketer : In 2002, Kipketer won the gold medal at the European Championships in Munich, defeating the reigning world champion, André Bucher and 2000 Olympic champion, Nils Schumann.
Richard Hawley : Hawley worked again with Arctic Monkeys in January 2012, providing vocals for the "Black Treacle"'s B-side, "You And I", which was released on 23 January that year.
Richard Hawley : Richard Willis Hawley (born 17 January 1967) is an English singer-songwriter, guitarist, and producer.
Richard Hawley : Hawley also performed the song with the band at the Glastonbury Festival in June 2008, on "The Culture Show" in June 2008, at Elbow's homecoming gigs in Manchester in 2008, Wembley Arena in March 2009, Blackpool's Empress Ballroom in March 2009 and at the MEN Arena in September 2009.
Richard Hawley : Hawley also provided vocals for the title track of the Manic Street Preachers album, "Rewind The Film", released in September 2013.
Nicolas Roche : In childhood he resided in both Ireland and France.
Nicolas Roche : Roche also took part at the Tour de France as a domestique to Alberto Contador.
Nicolas Roche : Nicolas Roche (born 3 July 1984) is an Irish professional road bicycle racer born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, Yvelines, France, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Marino Basso : He won the World Cycling Championship in 1972.
Marino Basso : Marino Basso (born 1 June 1945) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist, considered one of the best sprinters of his generation.
Carlos Squeo : Carlos Vicente Squeo (4 June 1948 in Dock Sud, Avellaneda – 8 September 2019) was an Argentine football defender.
Carlos Squeo : He played for several clubs in Argentina and Mexico and represented the Argentina national football team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
Yevhen Seleznyov : On 24 May 2008, he made his first appearance for the Ukrainian national football team in a friendly against Netherlands.
Yevhen Seleznyov : He was the top scorer of the 2010–11 Ukrainian Premier League season with 17 goals in 24 games.
Yevhen Seleznyov : Yevhen Oleksandrovich Seleznyov (; born 20 July 1985) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Bursaspor .
Juan Ángel Albín : Juan Ángel Albín Leites (born 17 July 1986) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Rampla Juniors mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Juan Ángel Albín : On 16 December 2014, as Petrolul faced financial issues which led to insolvency and later bankruptcy, Albín was transferred to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz of Mexico.
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé : Subsequently he worked for many years for the Organization of American States.
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé : On 17 January 2017 a court in Rome, Italy sentenced him to life imprisonment.
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé : Subsequently he served in the Senate from 1990 to 1995, and was regarded as being close politically with Jorge Pacheco Areco, a former President of Uruguay.
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé : Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé (born 19 June 1934) is a Uruguayan lawyer and political figure.
Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé : He was Foreign Minister of Uruguay from 1972 to 1976; his name is closely associated with the civic-military dictatorship.
Tyler Posey : Posey used to front and play guitar in the band Disappearing Jamie, formerly known as Lost in Kostko.
Tyler Posey : He grew up in Santa Clarita, California.
Tyler Posey : He auditioned for the role of Jacob Black in the "Twilight" film series in 2007 but lost the role to his friend Taylor Lautner.
Tyler Posey : Posey was born in Santa Monica, California, to actor/writer John Posey and Cyndi Terese Garcia.
Tyler Posey : In 2011, Posey was cast in his breakout role as the lead in the MTV television series "Teen Wolf," which is based on the 1985 film.
Danilo Napolitano : and is chiefly known for his sprinting abilities.
Pepe Mel : José "Pepe" Mel Pérez (born 28 February 1963) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a striker, and the manager of UD Las Palmas.
Pepe Mel : Mel is also a novelist, having published three books, "Liar", "The Road to the Afterlife" and "The Test".
Pepe Mel : Mel started coaching one year after retiring, his first club being amateurs CD Coslada in the Community of Madrid.
Pepe Mel : Mel was named manager of UD Las Palmas on 4 March 2019, replacing Paco Herrera who had been sacked earlier the same day.
Pepe Mel : On 9 January 2014, Mel signed an 18-month contract with West Bromwich Albion of the Premier League.
Pepe Mel : On 28 February 2017, Mel was appointed at Deportivo de La Coruña until the end of the season, replacing the sacked Gaizka Garitano at a team two points above the relegation zone in the top division and winless in the new year.
Pepe Mel : In 2001, after one year at Real Murcia in division two, he replaced Valencia CF-bound Rafael Benítez at the helm of CD Tenerife, having his first spell in the top flight as a coach and suffering relegation.
Lars Jacobsen : F.C.
Lars Jacobsen : Lars Christian Jacobsen (born 20 September 1979) is a retired Danish professional footballer who played as a right back.
Lars Jacobsen : He made his national team debut on 1 March 2006, and played all 90 minutes of the friendly match against Israel, a 2–0 win.
Lars Jacobsen : He made his debut for the club, where he started as a right-back, as Guingamp lost 2–0 to Paris Saint-Germain, in the Trophée des Champions.
Cristiano Piccini : Cristiano Piccini (; born 26 September 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia and the Italy national team as a right back.
Tom Skerritt : More recently, he has starred in "Homeland Security" and "The Grid".
Tom Skerritt : Skerritt made his film debut in "War Hunt", produced by Terry Sanders and released in 1962.
Tom Skerritt : Thomas Roy Skerritt (born August 25, 1933) is an American actor who has appeared in more than forty films and more than two hundred television episodes since 1962.
Tom Skerritt : Skerritt's notable film appearances include "M*A*S*H" (1970), "Harold and Maude" (credited as "M. Borman", 1971), "Big Bad Mama", Cheech & Chong's "Up in Smoke" (1978), "Ice Castles" (1978), as Captain Dallas in "Alien" (1979), as a would-be astronaut in "Contact" (1997) and "SpaceCamp" (1986), and in "Top Gun" (1986) as Commander Mike "Viper" Metcalf.
Paul Wolfowitz : in mathematics.
Paul Wolfowitz : On October 26, 2003, while in Baghdad staying at the Al-Rashid Hotel Wolfowitz narrowly escaped an attack when six rockets hit the floors below his room.
Paul Wolfowitz : On May 17, 2007 the World Bank Group's board of Executive Directors announced that Paul Wolfowitz would resign as World Bank Group president at the end of June 2007.
Paul Wolfowitz : From 1986 to 1989, during the military-backed government of President Suharto, Wolfowitz was the US Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia.
Paul Wolfowitz : By Wednesday, May 16, 2007, "The New York Times", reported that "after six weeks of fighting efforts to oust him as president ... Wolfowitz began today to negotiate the terms of his possible resignation, in return for the bank dropping or softening the charge that he had engaged in misconduct ..." After expressions from the Bush administration that it "fully" supported Wolfowitz as World Bank president and its urging a "fair hearing" for him, President Bush expressed "regret" at Wolfowitz's impending resignation.
Paul Wolfowitz : In 1980, Wolfowitz resigned from the Pentagon and became a visiting professor at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University.
Paul Wolfowitz : Paul Dundes Wolfowitz (; born December 22, 1943) is an American political scientist and diplomat who served as the 10th President of the World Bank, U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense, U.S.
Brian Selznick : After his death they were thrown away by the museum that he donated them to.
Brian Selznick : The book was inspired by a passage in the book "Edison’s Eve" by Gaby Wood recounting the collection of automata that belonged to Georges Méliès.
Brian Selznick : Selznick, a fan of Méliès and automata envisioned a young boy stealing an automaton from the garbage.
Brian Selznick : "The Invention of Hugo Cabret" was adapted as a film, "Hugo," by director Martin Scorsese and released in November 2011.
Brian Selznick : "The Invention of Hugo Cabret" follows a young orphan in Paris in the 1930s as he tries to piece together a broken automaton.
Brian Selznick : He is the son of Lynn (Samson) and Roger E. Selznick.
Brian Selznick : It has inspired students to action, including a fourth grade class staging a silent film festival, and a group of fifth graders who turned the book into a 30-minute modern dance.
Brian Selznick : Selznick cites Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are", and Remy Charlip, author of "Fortunately", as strong influences on his books "The Invention of Hugo Cabret" and "Wonderstruck".
Brian Selznick : His grandfather was a cousin of Hollywood producer David O. Selznick.
Brian Selznick : Brian Selznick (born July 14, 1966) is an American illustrator and writer best known as the writer of "The Invention of Hugo Cabret" (2007) and "The Marvels" (2015) and "Wonderstruck" (2011).
Brian Selznick : Selznick, the oldest of three children of a Jewish family, was born and grew up in East Brunswick, New Jersey, where he graduated in 1984 from East Brunswick High School.
Brian Selznick : He graduated from the Rhode Island School of Design and then worked for three years at Eeyore's Books for Children in Manhattan while working on "The Houdini Box", about a boy's chance encounter with Harry Houdini and its aftermath.
Brian Selznick : Other awards include the Texas Bluebonnet Award, the Rhode Island Children's Book Award, and the Christopher Award.
Brian Selznick : Prior to winning the 2008 Caldecott Medal, Selznick had been a runner-up for the award, winning a Caldecott Honor in 2002 for "The Dinosaurs of Waterhouse Hawkins: An Illuminating History of Mr. Waterhouse Hawkins, Artist and Lecturer".
Brian Selznick : Selznick won the 2008 Caldecott Medal from the American Library Association for the year's best-illustrated picture book, recognizing "The Invention of Hugo Cabret".
Bryan Greenberg : In 1997, he got a small role on the television series "Law & Order".
Bryan Greenberg : His series "How to Make It in America" premiered on HBO on February 14, 2010.
Bryan Greenberg : In 2007, Greenberg released his debut album, "Waiting for Now".
Bryan Greenberg : He graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri in 1996.
Bryan Greenberg : Greenberg moved to New York City after high school.
Bryan Greenberg : While he was still appearing in "One Tree Hill", he began shooting another television show produced by George Clooney for HBO called "Unscripted".
Bryan Greenberg : He attended and worked at a Jewish summer camp located in Webster, Wisconsin, called Herzl Camp.
Bryan Greenberg : He has toured with Gavin DeGraw, Michael Tolcher, Ari Hest, and Graham Colton.
Bryan Greenberg : Soon after this appearance, Greenberg got an agent and one year later made his big screen debut in "A Civil Action".
Bryan Greenberg : In 2009, Greenberg appeared in the film "Bride Wars" with Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway and starred opposite Alexis Bledel and Scott Porter in the indie film "The Good Guy", which was released in February 2010.
Bryan Greenberg : Greenberg was born to Jewish parents; he was raised in Conservative Judaism and attended Beth El Synagogue in Omaha.
Bryan Greenberg : His film work includes "The Perfect Score", "Prime", "Bride Wars", and "Friends with Benefits".
Bryan Greenberg : Greenberg was born in Omaha, Nebraska, the son of psychologists Denise "Denny" (born 1951) and Carl Greenberg (born 1950).
Bryan Greenberg : After landing small roles on the TV series ("Boston Public", "The Sopranos", and "Third Watch" among others), Greenberg was cast as Matty Matthews, a high school student trying to pass the S.A.T, in the film "The Perfect Score".
Bryan Greenberg : Bryan Greenberg (born May 24, 1978) is an American actor and singer, known for his starring role as Ben Epstein in the HBO original series "How to Make It in America" as well as a recurring role as Jake Jagielski in the WB series "One Tree Hill" and as Nick Garrett on the short-lived ABC drama "October Road".
Tatsuya Egawa : He is probably best known for his "Golden Boy" manga series which debuted in 1992.
Tatsuya Egawa : The film, produced by SOD, was released theatrically in Japan in February 2006.
Tatsuya Egawa : Egawa has a degree in applied mathematics and taught college mathematics for five months before switching to manga as a career in 1984.
Tatsuya Egawa : In 2006, Egawa directed his first live-action film, "Tokyo University Story", based on his manga of the same name.
Yanni : Yanni set a Greek national record in the 50-meter freestyle swimming competition at age 14.
Yanni : In November 1972, Yanni moved from Greece to the United States to attend the University of Minnesota beginning in January 1973, majoring in psychology.
Yanni : "Dare to Dream," released in 1992, was Yanni's first Grammy-nominated album.
Yanni : Yiannis Chryssomallis (, born November 14, 1954), known professionally as Yanni ( ), is a Greek composer, keyboardist, pianist, and music producer who has resided in the United States during his adult life.
Yanni : In 1977 Yanni joined the Minneapolis-based rock group Chameleon, performing with its founder, drummer Charlie Adams with whom he would work into the 2010s.
Nemanja Vidić : On 24 October 2011, Vidić retired from the Serbian national team.
Nemanja Vidić : Nemanja Vidić (, ; born 21 October 1981) is a Serbian retired professional footballer.
Nemanja Vidić : Vidić was eventually selected as the new team captain of Manchester United at the start of the 2010–11 season.
Nemanja Vidić : He moved back to Red Star after the loan deal ended, playing regularly in the top-flight Yugoslav League with coach Zoran Filipović.
Nemanja Vidić : Vidić quickly gained the captain's armband, and during his three years as captain, he scored 12 goals in 67 matches and ended his Red Star career on a high note by leading the club to a domestic double.
Nemanja Vidić : After playing two seasons for Spartak Moscow, Vidić signed for Manchester United for a fee of around £7 million on 25 December 2005 and joined the club on 5 January 2006 after his work permit was granted.
Ángel Casero : He finished second in the Vuelta a España in 2000 and won it in 2001.
Ángel Casero : Ángel Luis Casero Moreno (born September 27, 1972 in Albalat dels Tarongers, Province of Valencia) is a retired Spanish road bicycle racer who raced professionally between 1994 and 2005.
Joseph Kittinger : Kittinger retired from the air force as a colonel in 1978 and initially went to work for Martin Marietta (now Lockheed Martin) Corporation in Orlando, Florida.
Joseph Kittinger : After racing speedboats as a teenager, he entered the U.S. Air Force as an aviation cadet in March 1949.
Joseph Kittinger : He was also the first man to make a solo crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in a gas balloon, and the first man to fully witness the curvature of the earth.
Joseph Kittinger : In 1957, as part of "Project Manhigh", Kittinger set an interim balloon altitude record of in "Manhigh I", for which he was awarded his first Distinguished Flying Cross.
Joseph Kittinger : Towing a small drogue parachute for initial stabilization, he fell for 4 minutes and 36 seconds, reaching a maximum speed of before opening his parachute at .
Joseph Kittinger : In 1954, Kittinger was transferred to the Air Force Missile Development Center (AFMDC) at Holloman AFB, New Mexico.
Joseph Kittinger : During a voluntary third tour of duty to Vietnam in 1971–72, he commanded the 555th Tactical Fighter Squadron (555 TFS), the noted "Triple Nickel" squadron, flying the F-4D Phantom II.
Joseph Kittinger : Kittinger and Reich spent 11 months as prisoners of war (POWs) in the Hỏa Lò Prison, the so-called "Hanoi Hilton".
Joseph Kittinger : Back at Holloman Air Force Base, Kittinger took part in "Project Stargazer" on December 13–14, 1962.
Joseph Kittinger : For "Project Excelsior" (meaning "ever upward"), a name given to the project by Colonel Stapp as part of research into high-altitude bailouts, he made a series of three extreme altitude parachute jumps from an open gondola carried aloft by large helium balloons.
Joseph Kittinger : He was subsequently assigned to the 86th Fighter-Bomber Wing based at Ramstein Air Base in West Germany, flying the F-84 Thunderjet and F-86 Sabre.
Joseph Kittinger : It was during this assignment that he flew the observation/chase plane that monitored flight surgeon Colonel John Stapp's rocket sled run of in 1955.
Joseph Kittinger : For this series of jumps, Kittinger was profiled in "Life" magazine and the "National Geographic Magazine", decorated with a second Distinguished Flying Cross, and awarded the Harmon Trophy by President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Joseph Kittinger : Colonel Joseph William Kittinger II (born July 27, 1928) is a retired officer in the United States Air Force (USAF) and a Command Pilot.
Joseph Kittinger : In 1997, Kittinger was inducted into the National Aviation Hall of Fame in Dayton, Ohio.
Joseph Kittinger : Born in Tampa, Florida, and raised in Orlando, Florida, Kittinger was educated at The Bolles School in Jacksonville, Florida, and the University of Florida.
Joseph Kittinger : He and the astronomer William C. White took an open-gondola helium balloon packed with scientific equipment to an altitude of about , where they spent over 18 hours performing astronomical observations.
Daniel Carriço : The following year, he progressed into the under-21s.
Daniel Carriço : Having returned to Sporting he made his Primeira Liga debut on 26 October 2008, replacing injured Tonel in a 0–0 away draw against F.C.
Daniel Carriço : Daniel Filipe Martins Carriço (born 4 August 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC mainly as a central defender.
Daniel Carriço : As a youth international, Carriço appeared at the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, where he was elected as one of the best players after scoring two goals in just three games (Portugal did not go through the group stage).
Daniel Carriço : A product of Sporting CP's prolific youth academy, Carriço was born in Cascais and made his professional debut in 2007–08, splitting that season with S.C. Olhanense and Cyprus' AEL Limassol, in both cases on loan.
Tom Jager : Thomas Michael Jager (born October 6, 1964) is an American former competition swimmer.
Walt Frazier : After ten years in New York, Frazier ended his career as a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Walt Frazier : While playing for the Knicks, he picked up the nickname "Clyde" because he wore a hat similar to that of Warren Beatty, who played Clyde Barrow in "Bonnie and Clyde".
Walt Frazier : Walter "Clyde" Frazier (born March 29, 1945) is an American former basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Walt Frazier : As their floor general, he led the New York Knicks to the franchise's only two championships (1970 and 1973), and was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1987.
Roberto López Ufarte : He then acted as assistant manager to several coaches at his first professional club, following which he returned to Real Unión as director of football.
Roberto López Ufarte : He also represented in the competition Atlético Madrid and Betis, amassing totals of 418 matches and 112 goals.
Roberto López Ufarte : López Ufarte was born in Fes, Morocco.
Roberto López Ufarte : After making his early footballing efforts at neighbouring Real Unión he signed for Real Sociedad, making his La Liga debuts in the 1975–76 season, playing his first game in the competition on 30 November 1975 in a 0–2 derby away loss against Athletic Bilbao, aged only 17; from then on he became an essential first-team member, scoring 16 goals in 63 matches in the side's back-to-back league titles combined.
Roberto López Ufarte : His debut came on 21 September 1977, scoring in 2–1 friendly win in Switzerland.
Carlos Carnero : He has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since 1994.
Carlos Carnero : He was an active member of the European Convention that drafted the European Constitution.
Carlos Carnero : Carlos Carnero (born 24 November 1961, Madrid) is a Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Atsuyoshi Furuta : He played 32 games for Japan until 1978.
Pat Metheny : Metheny was born in Lee's Summit, Missouri.
Pat Metheny : Patrick Bruce Metheny ( ; born August 12, 1954) is an American jazz guitarist and composer.
Pat Metheny : The long list of his collaborators includes Lyle Mays, Bill Frisell, Billy Higgins, Brad Mehldau, Charlie Haden, Chick Corea, Dave Holland, Dewey Redman, Eberhard Weber, Herbie Hancock, Jack DeJohnette, Jaco Pastorius, John Scofield, Joni Mitchell, Joshua Redman, Marc Johnson, Michael Brecker, Mick Goodrick, Roy Haynes, Steve Swallow, and Tony Williams.
Bafétimbi Gomis : Overall, he played three games in the Club World Cup and scored in two games.
Bafétimbi Gomis : He was convinced to join by their former players and his friends, Didier Drogba and Aurélien Chedjou.
Bafétimbi Gomis : Bafétimbi Gomis (; born 6 August 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Saudi club Al-Hilal.
Bafétimbi Gomis : This included a hat-trick on 27 January 2017 in a 5–1 win over Montpellier.
Bafétimbi Gomis : On 29 July 2016, Gomis signed on loan to Marseille for the 2016–17 season.
Robert Christgau : Late in 2007, Christgau was fired by "Rolling Stone", although he continued to work for the magazine for another three months.
Robert Christgau : Christgau remained at "The Village Voice" until August 2006, when he was fired shortly after the paper's acquisition by New Times Media.
Robert Christgau : Christgau has also written frequently for "Playboy", "Spin", and "Creem".
Robert Christgau : As of 2007, he was also an adjunct professor in the Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music at New York University.
Robert Christgau : After attending a public school in New York City, he left New York for four years to attend Dartmouth College, graduating in 1962 with a B.A.
Robert Christgau : He was asked to take over the dormant music column at "Esquire", which he began writing in June 1967.
Robert Christgau : While at college his musical interests turned to jazz, but he quickly returned to rock after moving back to New York.
Robert Christgau : Robert Thomas Christgau (; born April 18, 1942) is an American essayist and music journalist.
Robert Christgau : In early 1972, Christgau accepted a full-time job as music critic for "Newsday".
Robert Christgau : He became a freelance writer after a story he wrote about the death of a woman in New Jersey was published by "New York" magazine.
Robert Christgau : Christgau initially wrote short stories, before giving up fiction in 1964 to become a sportswriter, and later, a police reporter for the "Newark Star-Ledger".
Robert Christgau : He has said he became a rock and roll fan when disc jockey Alan Freed moved to the city in 1954.
Robert Christgau : Two months later, Christgau became a contributing editor at "Rolling Stone" (which first published his review of Moby Grape's "Wow" in 1968).
Robert Christgau : After "Esquire" discontinued the column, Christgau moved to "The Village Voice" in 1969, and he also worked as a college professor.
Eero Heinäluoma : He was the Minister of Finance of Finland from 2005 to 2007.
Eero Heinäluoma : Eero Olavi Heinäluoma (born 4 July 1955 in Kokkola) is a Finnish politician who has been serving as Member of the European Parliament since 2019.
Bruno Forte : Hence, there is nothing new in this revelation."
Bruno Forte : He was ordained a priest on 18 April 1973.
Bruno Forte : Archbishop Forte was born in Naples.
Bruno Forte : He went on to say that "In fact, the thesis launched is that if Jesus is buried there with his family, then the resurrection would be no more than an invention of his disciples."
Bruno Forte : After the tomb of Jesus was supposedly uncovered by James Cameron, Archbishop Forte said that "there are many such tombs in the territory of the Holy Land.
Bruno Forte : Bruno Forte (born 1 August 1949) is an Italian Roman Catholic theologian and ecclesiastic, currently Archbishop of Chieti-Vasto.
Bruno Forte : After the election of Pope Benedict XVI Forte was seen by some as a possible successor to become Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, before William Levada was chosen.
Bruno Forte : He also spent time in Paris, before gaining a Laurea degree in philosophy from Naples University.
Bruno Forte : He was appointed as Archbishop of Chieti-Vasto by Pope John Paul II on 26 June 2004.
Nedum Onuoha : He is typically a centre back, but he can also play at right back or left back.
Nedum Onuoha : Onuoha made his first team debut against Arsenal in the League Cup on 27 October 2004, at the age of 17.
Nedum Onuoha : He made his Premier League debut as a substitute on 1 November 2004 at home to Norwich City.
Nedum Onuoha : Born in Warri, Delta State, Nigeria, Onuoha was brought up in Manchester, England.
Gaël Givet : At the beginning of the next season, however, he found his opportunities very limited in the first team.
Gaël Givet : Givet was a UEFA Champions League runner-up with Monaco in 2004 and was part of the France national team which reached the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final.
Gaël Givet : Gaël Givet-Viaros (born 9 October 1981), known as Gaël Givet, is a French former professional footballer who played as a left-footed centre back and as a left-back.
Gaël Givet : He appeared in his first match for Blackburn against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light, entering as a substitute in the FA Cup fourth round on 24 January 2009.
Robert Pattinson : Lawrence."
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson began modelling at the age of 12, but his workload began to decrease four years later.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson plays the guitar and piano since age four, and writes his own music.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson plays him like a human caldera; stony on the surface, with volcanic chambers of nervous energy and self-loathing churning deep below."
Robert Pattinson : "GQ" once again named Pattinson the "Best Dressed Man" of 2012.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson appeared as a model for British teen magazines, and in the advertising campaign for Hackett's autumn 2007 collection.
Robert Pattinson : For this role he was named that year's "British Star of Tomorrow" by "The Times" and had more than once been hailed as "the next Jude Law".
Robert Pattinson : Britain's "The Sunday Times" "Rich List" put him on its "list of young millionaires" in the UK, worth £13 million.
Robert Pattinson : He attended Tower House School, where he, at age 12, was expelled from for shoplifting explicit magazines and selling them later to his male classmates.
Robert Pattinson : A wax statue of Pattinson was added to the Madame Tussauds collection in London and New York City in 2010.
Robert Pattinson : In 2009, he was named the "Sexiest Man Alive" by "Glamour UK".
Robert Pattinson : The film earned a record-breaking $142,839,137 opening weekend and an overall run of $709,827,462 worldwide.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson reappeared as Edward Cullen in "", which was released on 18 November 2011 and earned $705,058,657 at the worldwide box office.
Robert Pattinson : In 2015, two of his films were premiered at the 65th Berlin International Film Festival in February.
Robert Pattinson : And Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" stated, "Pattinson, pale and predatory even without his pasty-white vampire makeup, delivers his frigid pensées with rhythmic confidence."
Robert Pattinson : Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson (born 13 May 1986) is an English actor.
Robert Pattinson : In May 2005, he was scheduled to appear in the UK premiere of "The Woman Before" at the Royal Court Theatre, but was fired shortly before the opening night and was replaced by Tom Riley.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson was named one of the "Sexiest Men Alive" in 2008 and 2009 by "People Magazine".
Robert Pattinson : The film competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
Robert Pattinson : The soundtrack for the film "How to Be" features three original songs performed by Pattinson and written by composer Joe Hastings.
Robert Pattinson : His next film "" was released on 30 June 2010, earning $698,491,347 worldwide.
Robert Pattinson : The "New York Times" called Pattinson a "capable and exotically beautiful" actor and Roger Ebert said he was "well-chosen" for the role.
Robert Pattinson : According to "TV Guide", Pattinson was initially apprehensive about auditioning for the role, fearful that he would not be able to live up to the "perfection" expected from the character.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson was named one of "Vanity Fair"s "Top Hollywood Earners of 2009" with estimated earnings of $18 million in 2009.
Robert Pattinson : Although the film received mixed reviews, critics praised his and co-star Kristen Stewart's chemistry in the film.
Robert Pattinson : Later that year he played Cedric Diggory in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".
Robert Pattinson : He reprised his role as Edward Cullen in the "Twilight" sequel "", which was released on 20 November 2009.
Robert Pattinson : On 10 November 2009, "Revolver Entertainment" released the DVD "Robsessed", a documentary which details Pattinson's life and popularity.
Robert Pattinson : Robbie Collin of "The Telegraph" stated that it is a sensational performance from Robert Pattinson, "yes, that Robert Pattinson – as Packer.
Robert Pattinson : In 2010, Pattinson was named by "Time" magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world, and he was featured in the Forbes Celebrity 100 list.
Robert Pattinson : Though the film received negative reviews, film critic Michael Phillips from the "Chicago Tribune" said that Pattinson was still "interesting to watch" despite the bad makeup.
Robert Pattinson : Film critic Richard Corliss from "Time" praised Pattinson for being "shy and watchful" and said that he "radiates a slow magnetism that locks the viewer's eyes on him", ultimately calling him "star quality".
Robert Pattinson : He appears as the singer of two songs on the "Twilight" soundtrack: "Never Think", which he co-wrote with Sam Bradley, and "Let Me Sign", which was written by Marcus Foster and Bobby Long.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson had supporting roles in the German made-for-television film "" in 2004, and in director Mira Nair's costume drama "Vanity Fair", although his scenes in the latter were deleted and only appear on the DVD version.
Robert Pattinson : Peter Travers of the "Rolling Stone" said he "smolders" in the film and Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" said that "Pattinson is entirely convincing as Jacob".
Robert Pattinson : The film received mixed reviews, but Pattinson's performance was praised.
Robert Pattinson : In 2008, Pattinson landed the role of Edward Cullen in the film "Twilight", based on Stephenie Meyer's best-selling novel of the same name.
Robert Pattinson : Pattinson starred in the film adaptation of Don DeLillo's "Cosmopolis", directed by David Cronenberg.
Robert Pattinson : In 2011, he starred as Jacob Jankowski in "Water for Elephants", a film adaptation of the Sara Gruen novel of the same name.
Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem : Van-Dúnem won a seat in this election, in which MPLA won an overwhelming majority.
Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem : Dr. Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem (born 1952) is an Angolan political figure who was the First Vice-President of the African Union's Pan-African Parliament.
Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem : Van-Dúnem was the 71st candidate on the MPLA's national list in the September 2008 parliamentary election.
Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem : From 1985 to 1986, Van-Dúnem was Deputy Minister of External Relations, and from 1986 to 1990 he was Minister of Justice.
Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem : After serving as President of the National Assembly of Angola from 1992 to 1996, he was Prime Minister for a second time from 1996 to 1999.
Kevin Seeldraeyers : Kevin Seeldraeyers (born 12 September 1986 in Boom Antwerp) is a Belgian retired professional road bicycle racer.
Kevin Seeldraeyers : For the 2014 season, Seeldraeyers moved to the team.
Nguyễn Minh Triết : He was elected by the National Assembly of Vietnam with 464 votes (94%) in June 2006.
Nguyễn Minh Triết : The presidency of Vietnam is a ceremonial position and the Politburo decides government policy.
Nguyễn Minh Triết : Nguyễn Minh Triết was born on 8 October 1942 in Bến Cát district in Bình Dương province, in a middle-class farming family .In 1957, he went to Saigon to study at Petrus Ky High School a famous high school back then.
Nguyễn Minh Triết : He ascended to the Politburo in 1997 and became Party head of Ho Chi Minh City in 2000.
Micah Richards : He announced his retirement from playing on 26 July 2019, at the age of 31.
Micah Richards : He won 13 caps for England between 2006 and 2012, and played in the Great Britain squad for the 2012 Olympic football tournament.
Micah Richards : Micah Lincoln Richards (born 24 June 1988) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right back.
Micah Richards : At the start of the 2011–12 season, Richards set up the two goals in the first two league matches to give Manchester City a perfect start to the season.
Tomáš Řepka : He played for Baník Ostrava, Sparta Prague, Fiorentina, West Ham United and České Budějovice, and the Czech national team.
Paul Kennedy : His most famous book, "The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers", has been translated into 23 languages and assesses the interaction between economics and strategy over the past five centuries.
Paul Kennedy : In his 2006 book "The Parliament of Man", Kennedy contemplates the past and future of the United Nations.
Paul Kennedy : His monthly column on current global issues is distributed worldwide by the Tribune Content Agency.
Paul Kennedy : The book was very well received by fellow historians, with A. J. P. Taylor labelling it "an encyclopaedia in itself" and Sir Michael Howard crediting it as "a deeply humane book in the very best sense of the word."
Paul Kennedy : He is on the editorial board of numerous scholarly journals and writes for "The New York Times", "The Atlantic", and many foreign-language newspapers and magazines.
Paul Kennedy : He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2001 and elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2003.
Paul Kennedy : The National Maritime Museum awarded him its Caird Medal in 2005 for his contributions to naval history.
Paul Kennedy : He was a member of the History Department at the University of East Anglia between 1970 and 1983.
Paul Kennedy : In 2007-8, Kennedy was the Phillipe Roman Professor of History and International Affairs at the London School of Economics.
Paul Kennedy : Paul Michael Kennedy (born 17 June 1945) is a British historian specialising in the history of international relations, economic power and grand strategy.
Paul Kennedy : He is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, a former Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, and of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in Germany.
Paul Kennedy : Subsequently, he graduated with first-class honours in history from Newcastle University and obtained his doctorate from St. Antony's College, Oxford, under the supervision of A. J. P. Taylor and John Andrew Gallagher.
Patrick Grainville : Grainville is also literary critic for "Le Figaro".
Patrick Grainville : He is professor of French at the Lycée Évariste Galois in Sartrouville.
Patrick Grainville : An Associate Professor of Letters, he received the Prix Goncourt in 1976, 29 years old, for his fourth novel, "Les Flamboyants" ("The Flasher").
Patrick Grainville : In 2018, he was elected to the Académie française.
Patrick Grainville : At the age of 19 years Grainville wrote his first manuscript, then at age 25 he published his first novel "The Fleece", which was immediately accepted by Gallimard.
Patrick Grainville : Patrick Grainville (born 1 June 1947 Villers-sur-Mer, Calvados) is a French novelist.
Raul Boesel : In 2007, he started a career as a disc jockey.
Raul Boesel : He entered into first ever season of the Brazilian Stock Car championship in 1979.
Raul Boesel : In November 1981 he tested for McLaren and entered the March team, only to switch in 1983 to Ligier.
Raul Boesel : Raul de Mesquita Boesel (, born 4 December 1957 in Curitiba, Brazil)
Raul Boesel : He moved to Britain in 1980 to race in Formula Ford 1600 and in 1981 entered Formula 3 and finished third in the championship.
Raul Boesel : He won the 1987 World Sportscar Championship and the 1988 24 Hours of Daytona.
Feliu Ventura : He has collaborated with guitar player and record producer Borja Penalba, the band Obrint Pas and the Catalan singer-songwriter Lluís Llach.
Feliu Ventura : Feliu Ventura (Xàtiva, 1976) is a Spanish singer-songwriter.
Rodrigo Duterte : One year after taking office his trust rating was 81%.
Rodrigo Duterte : Frequently described as a populist and a nationalist, Duterte's political success has been aided by his vocal support for the extrajudicial killing of drug users and other criminals.
Rodrigo Duterte : The Duterte administration has vowed to pursue an "independent foreign policy" that would reject any meddling by foreign governments, reiterating Article II, Section 7 of the 1987 Constitution which states: "The State shall pursue an independent foreign policy.
Rodrigo Duterte : Following criticism from United Nations human rights experts that extrajudicial killings had increased since his election, Duterte threatened to withdraw the Philippines from the UN and form a new organization with China and African nations.
Rodrigo Duterte : Human rights groups have documented over 1,400 killings allegedly by death squads operating in Davao between 1998 and May 2016; the victims were mainly drug users, petty criminals and street children.
Rodrigo Duterte : Duterte's father was mayor of Danao, Cebu, and subsequently the provincial governor of (the then-undivided) Davao province.
Rodrigo Duterte : He set a precedent by designating deputy mayors that represented the Lumad and Moro peoples in the city government, which was later copied in other parts of the Philippines.
Rodrigo Duterte : Duterte went to Laboon Elementary School in Maasin, for a year.
Rodrigo Duterte : He graduated in 1968 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science at the Lyceum of the Philippines in Manila.
Rodrigo Duterte : The Dutertes consider the Cebu-based political families of the Durano and the Almendras clan as relatives.
Rodrigo Duterte : They finally settled in the Davao Region in 1950.
Rodrigo Duterte : After the 1986 People Power Revolution, Duterte was appointed officer-in-charge vice mayor by president Corazon Aquino.
Rodrigo Duterte : He spent his remaining elementary days at the Santa Ana Elementary School in Davao City, where he graduated in 1956.
Rodrigo Duterte : He finished his secondary education in the High School Department of the then-Holy Cross College of Digos (now Cor Jesu College) in today's city of Digos in the now-defunct Davao province, after being expelled twice from previous schools, including one in Ateneo de Davao University (AdDU) High School due to misconduct.
Rodrigo Duterte : In 1998, because he was term-limited to run again for mayor, he ran for the House of Representatives and won as Congressman of the 1st District of Davao City (under the Laban ng Makabayang Masang Pilipino coalition).
Rodrigo Duterte : On May 30, 2016, the 16th Congress of the Philippines proclaimed Duterte as the President-elect of the Philippines after he topped the official count by the Congress of the Philippines for the 2016 presidential election with 16,601,997 votes, 6.6 million more than his closest rival, Mar Roxas.
Rodrigo Duterte : Duterte eventually became a Special Counsel at the City Prosecution Office in Davao City from 1977–79, Fourth Assistant City Prosecutor from 1979–81, Third Assistant City Prosecutor from 1981–83, and Second Assistant City Prosecutor from 1983–86.
Rodrigo Duterte : The Dutertes initially moved to Mindanao in 1948 but still went back and forth to the Visayas until 1949.
Rodrigo Duterte : Ronald's father, Ramon Duterte, also held the position from 1957 to 1959.
Rodrigo Duterte : His father was Vicente G. Duterte (1911–1968), a Cebuano lawyer, and his mother, Soledad Duterte (née Roa; 1916–2012), was a school teacher from Cabadbaran, Agusan and a civic leader of Maranao descent.
Odilo Scherer : Scherer is considered to be theologically moderate.
Odilo Scherer : Cardinal Scherer has argued that removing crucifixes in public places would not be in the best interests of Brazilian secularism.
Odilo Scherer : His mother was also descended from immigrants from Saarland.
Odilo Scherer : He was made Secretary General of the Brazilian Episcopal Conference in 2003.
Odilo Scherer : In reference to the popular Brazilian priest Marcelo Rossi, Scherer stated that, "Priests aren't showmen.
Odilo Scherer : He then taught at the Universidade Estadual do Oeste do Paraná until 1994.
Odilo Scherer : On January 5, 2011, he was appointed among the first members of the newly created Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelisation.
Odilo Scherer : Cardinal Scherer was quoted in the article as saying that the Pope "brings all to understand that this [new evangelization] is an objective of his, and that it must be the attitude of the Church worldwide, to respond to the challenges launched by the present 'change of age in the history of humanity.'"
Odilo Scherer : On October 17, 2007, the Pope announced that he would make Scherer a Cardinal.
Odilo Scherer : He was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Armando Círio, OSI, on December 7, 1976.
Odilo Scherer : He replaced Cardinal Hummes, who was made Prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy.
Odilo Scherer : Scherer accompanied Pope Benedict for a great part of his visit to Brazil in May 2007, which was largely held in the former's see of São Paulo, and he delivered a speech during a ceremony to celebrate the Pope's arrival.
Odilo Scherer : On June 12, 2008, he was appointed by Benedict as a member of the Congregation for the Clergy.
Odilo Scherer : According to a July 23, 2010, article by the website of the Catholic Zenit News Agency, Cardinal Scherer thinks there is an "evangelization deficit" around the globe today, which is why Pope Benedict established a new division of the Roman Curia to deal with that issue.
Odilo Scherer : From 1994 to 2001, he was an official of the Congregation for Bishops in the Roman Curia, while serving as a Roman pastor and chaplain during his spare time.
Odilo Scherer : Pope Benedict XVI named Scherer as the seventh Archbishop of São Paulo on March 21, 2007.
Odilo Scherer : On November 28, 2001, Scherer was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of São Paulo and Titular Bishop of Novi.
Odilo Scherer : Odilo Pedro Scherer (; born September 21, 1949) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Catholic Church, who has been the Archbishop of São Paulo since March 2007.
Odilo Scherer : Before doing pastoral work in Toledo from 1985 to 1988, Scherer taught philosophy at the Ciências Humanas Arnaldo Busatto (1980–1985), and theology at the Instituto Teológico Paulo VI (1985).
Odilo Scherer : He received his episcopal consecration on February 2, 2002, from Cardinal Cláudio Hummes, OFM, with Archbishops Armando Círio and Anuar Battisti serving as co-consecrators.
Odilo Scherer : He served as director and professor at the diocesan seminary of Cascavel (1977–1978), the diocesan seminary of Toledo (1979–1982, 1993), and the Centro Interdiocesano de Teologia de Cascavel (1991–1993).
Odilo Scherer : After attending the minor and major seminaries in Curitiba, Scherer studied at the Pontifical Catholic University of Paraná and the Pontifical Gregorian University (from where he obtained his Doctorate of Sacred Theology in 1991) in Rome.
Odilo Scherer : Scherer was elevated to the College of Cardinals in the consistory at St. Peter's Basilica on November 24, 2007, becoming Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Andrea al Quirinale.
Odilo Scherer : He also holds the position of Grand-Chancellor of the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo (PUC-SP), one of the largest and most prestigious universities in Brazil.
Odilo Scherer : In this way, he also became the Grand-Chancellor of the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo (PUC-SP).
Mauro Finetto : Mauro Finetto (born 10 May 1985 in Tregnago, Verona), is an Italian professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Bruny Surin : Surin was born in Cap-Haïtien, Haïti, and moved to Canada with his family in 1975.
Bruny Surin : At the Atlanta Olympics, the Canadian relay team were not favoured, although they had won almost all of the titles available during the previous two years, but they had done it in absence of the United States team.
Bruny Surin : He made his debut for Canada at the 1987 Pan-American Games, placing fifteenth in the long jump, a result he repeated at the 1988 Olympics.
Bruny Surin : His time matched Donovan Bailey's Canadian record of 9.84.
Bruny Surin : However, in the 4 × 100 m relay final, the Canadian team beat United States by almost half a second, establishing itself the best relay team in the world.
Bruny Surin : Bruny Surin (born July 12, 1967) is a Canadian track and field athlete, winner of a gold medal in the 4×100 metres relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Bruny Surin : Surin also reached the semifinal of 100 m in the same competition.
Bruny Surin : At the 1990 Commonwealth Games, Surin won a bronze medal in 100 m and was seventh in the long jump.
Chick Corea : His compositions "Spain", "500 Miles High", "La Fiesta" and "Windows", are considered jazz standards.
Chick Corea : "Spaces" is sometimes considered to have started the jazz fusion genre.
Chick Corea : Corea continued to pursue other collaborations and to explore musical styles throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
Chick Corea : Corea began his career in the early 1960s with Mongo Santamaria, Willie Bobo, Blue Mitchell, Herbie Mann, and Stan Getz.
Chick Corea : With Herbie Hancock, McCoy Tyner, Keith Jarrett and Bill Evans, he has been described as one of the major jazz piano voices to emerge in the post-John Coltrane era.
Chick Corea : Armando Anthony "Chick" Corea (born June 12, 1941) is an American jazz pianist/electric keyboardist and composer.
Sachin Tendulkar : In 2012, Tendulkar was nominated to the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.
Sachin Tendulkar : Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar (; born 24 April 1973) is an Indian former international cricketer and a former captain of the Indian national team.
Sachin Tendulkar : Tendulkar took up cricket at the age of eleven, made his Test debut on 15 November 1989 against Pakistan in Karachi at the age of sixteen, and went on to represent Mumbai domestically and India internationally for close to twenty-four years.
Jerry Brown : Younger.
Jerry Brown : We've got a million to go.
Jerry Brown : In short, we are entering an era of limits."
Jerry Brown : Because of this difference the case was eventually thrown out.
Jerry Brown : And to see them as no different than yourself, and their needs as important as your needs.
Jerry Brown : Brown's father was of half Irish and half German descent.
Jerry Brown : And you're there to serve them, and doing that you are attaining as great a state of being as you can."
Jerry Brown : There was only one gubernatorial debate.
Jerry Brown : Brown's polling numbers suffered.
Jerry Brown : After more than a month, millions of dollars of crops had been destroyed and billions of dollars more were threatened.
Jerry Brown : The settlement involved the modifying of troubled 'predatory loans' up to $8.4 billion.
Jerry Brown : On June 3, he came first in the primary election by over 1.5 million votes.
Jerry Brown : Among other provisions, it established the California Fair Political Practices Commission.
Jerry Brown : In addition, he forced legislators to comply with campaign disclosure laws.
Jerry Brown : The assistant DA responds, "Who's Jerry Brown?"
Jerry Brown : The suit was settled in October 2008 after Bank of America acquired Countrywide.
Jerry Brown : When asked to schedule another, Brown declined.
Jerry Brown : He explained, "Politics is a power struggle to get to the top of the heap.
Jerry Brown : The plan will regulate local agencies and also implement management plans to achieve water sustainability within 20 years.
Jerry Brown : Initially, in accordance with his environmental protection stance, he chose to authorize ground-level spraying only.
Jerry Brown : He still has $20 million in campaign funds he can use to advance ballot measures in case the legislature does not support his plans.
Jerry Brown : As an alternative, he suggested a program of tax credits for those who do not smoke or otherwise damage their health, saying: "Those who abuse their bodies should not abuse the rest of us by taking our tax dollars."
Jerry Brown : I then come back into the world of California and politics, with critical distance from some of my more comfortable assumptions."
Jerry Brown : He won with 59% of the vote in a field of ten candidates.
Jerry Brown : He concedes he never had control of the schools, and his reform efforts were "largely a bust".
Jerry Brown : Some people claimed that malathion was toxic to humans, as well as insects.
Jerry Brown : In 1960, he lobbied his father, then governor, to spare the life of Caryl Chessman and reportedly won a 60-day stay for him.
Jerry Brown : Brown declared: "The country is rich, but not so rich as we have been led to believe.
Jerry Brown : The controversial proposition immediately cut tax revenues and required a two-thirds supermajority to raise taxes.
Jerry Brown : Calcutta and Mother Teresa are about working with those who are at the bottom of the heap.
Jerry Brown : It allowed the state to avoid nearly $6 billion in cuts to public education.
Jerry Brown : Unfortunately, the infestation spread as the medfly reproductive cycle out-paced the spraying.
Jerry Brown : This was, perhaps, not surprising, as various opinion polls taken at the time found that as many as three-quarters of all Americans believed the current tax code to be unfairly biased toward the wealthy.
Jerry Brown : Brown responded that the cash payment upfront required by the investment would have been unfair to California taxpayers.
Jerry Brown : Ultimately, the infestation was eradicated, but both the Governor's delay and the scale of the action have remained controversial ever since.
Jerry Brown : In 1977, he sponsored the "first-ever tax incentive for rooftop solar", among many environmental initiatives.
Jerry Brown : In an interview, he explained, "Since politics is based on illusions, zazen definitely provides new insights for a politician.
Jerry Brown : Brown accused the lender of breaking the state's laws against false advertising and unfair business practices.
Jerry Brown : "The American Conservative" later noted he was "much more of a fiscal conservative than Governor Reagan".
Jerry Brown : He also visited Mother Teresa in Calcutta, India, where he ministered to the sick in one of her hospices.
Jerry Brown : In order to raise funds, he purchased a toll-free telephone number, which adorned all of his campaign stances.
Jerry Brown : The death penalty was only "a trumped-up excuse" to use against her, even though the Bird Court consistently upheld the constitutionality of the death penalty.
Jerry Brown : He then settled in Los Angeles and joined the law firm of Tuttle & Taylor.
Jerry Brown : He was advised by the state's agricultural industry, and the US Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection service (APHIS), to authorize airborne spraying of the region.
Jerry Brown : Governor Brown then authorized a massive response to the infestation.
Jerry Brown : Brown signed a historic package of groundwater legislation.
Jerry Brown : This plan, which called for the replacement of the progressive income tax with a flat tax and a value added tax, both at a fixed 13-percent rate, was decried by his opponents as regressive.
Jerry Brown : He endorsed the idea of mandatory non-military national service for the nation's youth and suggested that the Defense Department cut back on support troops while beefing up the number of combat troops.
Jerry Brown : Although Brown continued to campaign in a number of states, he won no further primaries.
Jerry Brown : His fiscal restraint resulted in one of the biggest budget surpluses in state history, roughly $5 billion.
Jerry Brown : Many people complained that, while the malathion may not have been very toxic to humans, the aerosol spray containing it was corrosive to car paint.
Jerry Brown : He "seemed to be the most left-wing and right-wing man in the field ... [calling] for term limits, a flat tax, and the abolition of the Department of Education".
Jerry Brown : As governor, Brown held a strong interest in environmental issues.
Jerry Brown : Despite being significantly outspent by Whitman, Brown won the gubernatorial race 53.8% to Whitman's 40.9%.
Jerry Brown : His stated goals for his unprecedented fourth term in office are to construct the California High-Speed Rail, to create tunnels to shore up the state's water system and to curb carbon dioxide emissions.
Jerry Brown : As Brown campaigned in various primary states, he would eventually expand his platform beyond a policy of strict campaign finance reform.
Jerry Brown : Brown proposed the establishment of a state space academy and the purchasing of a satellite that would be launched into orbit to provide emergency communications for the state—a proposal similar to one that was indeed eventually adopted.
Jerry Brown : Brown scored surprising wins in Connecticut and Colorado and seemed poised to overtake Clinton.
Jerry Brown : Due to his limited budget, Brown began to use a mixture of alternative media and unusual fundraising techniques.
Jerry Brown : After taking office, Brown gained a reputation as a fiscal conservative.
Jerry Brown : Unable to pay for actual commercials, he frequently used cable television and talk radio interviews as a form of free media to get his message to voters.
Jerry Brown : His leading example was the Tesla Motors factory investment, creating 6,500 manufacturing jobs, going to Nevada rather than California.
Jerry Brown : That needs to continue, but that depends not only on Barack Obama and the Congress and the Federal Reserve, but also on [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel, China, the European Union, and the self-organizing quality of the world economy."
Jerry Brown : Brown won the primary with the name recognition of his father, Pat Brown, whom many people admired for his progressive administration.
Jerry Brown : Brown was working on a budget that would shift many government programs from the state to the local level, a reversal of trends from his first tenure as governor.
Jerry Brown : Capital punishment by lethal injection was halted in California by federal judge Jeremy D. Fogel until new facilities and procedures were put into place.
Jerry Brown : His "era of limits" slogan was replaced by a promise to, in his words, "Protect the Earth, serve the people, and explore the universe".
Jerry Brown : During the debate in Sacramento on September 4, 2014, Kashkari accused Brown of failing to improve California's business climate.
Jerry Brown : He spoke at the convention, and to the national viewing audience, yet without endorsing Clinton, through the device of seconding his own nomination.
Jerry Brown : After his Senate defeat, Brown was left with few political options.
Jerry Brown : In 1980, Brown challenged Carter for renomination.
Jerry Brown : A range of issues were debated, including recent legislation for a ban on plastic bags at grocery stores that Brown promised to sign and Kashkari thought unimportant.
Jerry Brown : The lawsuit also claimed the defendant misled many consumers by misinforming them about the workings of certain mortgages such adjustable-rate mortgages, interest-only loans, low-documentation loans and home-equity loans while telling borrowers they would be able to refinance before the interest rate on their loans adjusted.
Jerry Brown : He also signed AB 607, which banned homosexuals from receiving civil marriage licenses, in 1977.
Jerry Brown : This was widely believed to be because of the more prominent candidate Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts.
Jerry Brown : In an interview in 2014, Brown indicated that a "war chest" would have helped his campaign for an alternative to Proposition 13.
Jerry Brown : ... We're recovering from a national recession slowly—over 300,000 jobs [gained] since the recession.
Jerry Brown : After nearly a month of intense campaigning and multiple debates between the two candidates, Clinton managed to defeat Brown in this final primary by a margin of 48% to 41%.
Jerry Brown : Brown said that if he were elected to a fourth and final term, he would continue transferring power to local authorities, particularly over education and criminal justice policy, and would resist fellow Democrats' "gold rush for new programs and spending".
Jerry Brown : On April 7, he lost narrowly to Bill Clinton in Wisconsin (37%–34%), and dramatically in New York (41%–26%).
Jerry Brown : He focused instead on the creation of two charter schools, the Oakland School for the Arts and the Oakland Military Institute.
Jerry Brown : Although ineligible to practice law because of his voluntary inactive status in the State Bar of California from January 1, 1997, to May 1, 2003, he was nevertheless still admitted to practice.
Jerry Brown : Brown was both in favor of a Balanced Budget Amendment and opposed to Proposition 13, the latter of which would decrease property taxes and greatly reduce revenue to cities and counties.
Jerry Brown : In June 2008, Brown filed a fraud lawsuit claiming mortgage lender Countrywide Financial engaged in "unfair and deceptive" practices to get homeowners to apply for risky mortgages far beyond their means.
Jerry Brown : Brown had campaigned on fixing Oakland's schools, but "bureaucratic battles" dampened his efforts.
Jerry Brown : Brown's Democratic campaign, which pledged to "enforce the laws" of California, denied any connection between the case and the gubernatorial election.
Jerry Brown : Three main planks of his platform were a call for a constitutional convention to ratify the Balanced Budget Amendment; a promise to increase funds for the space program as a "first step in bringing us toward a solar-powered space satellite to provide solar energy for this planet"; and, in the wake of the 1979 Three Mile Island accident, opposition to nuclear power.
Jerry Brown : But Brown had trouble gaining traction in both fundraising and polling for the presidential nomination.
Jerry Brown : In response to such concerns, Brown's chief of staff, B. T. Collins, staged a news conference during which he publicly drank a glass of malathion.
Jerry Brown : After his Senate defeat in 1982, many considered Brown's political career to be over.
Jerry Brown : As mayor, he invited the U.S. Marine Corps to use Oakland harbor lands for mock military exercises as part of Operation Urban Warrior.
Jerry Brown : Proposition 8, a contentious voter-approved amendment to the state constitution that banned same-sex marriage was upheld in May 2009 by the California Supreme Court.
Jerry Brown : In the November 2012 general elections, voters approved Brown's proposed tax increases in the form of Proposition 30.
Jerry Brown : The Governor also signed AB 489, The Consenting Adult Sex Act, which decriminalized homosexual behavior between adults, adding to this reputation.
Jerry Brown : During the campaign, Brown's repetition of this number combined with the moralistic language used, led some to describe him as a "political televangelist" with an "anti-politics gospel".
Jerry Brown : As attorney general, Brown represented the state in fighting death-penalty appeals and stated that he would follow the law, regardless of his personal beliefs against capital punishment.
Jerry Brown : Brown sponsored nearly two dozen crime initiatives to reduce the crime rate, although crime decreased by 13 percent overall, the city still suffered a "57 percent spike in homicides his final year in office, to 148 overall".
Jerry Brown : Although Brown consistently led in the polls for both the nomination and the general election, he abandoned the campaign, deciding instead to run for the presidency for the third time.
Jerry Brown : In August 2010, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ruled that Proposition 8 violated the Due Process and the Equal Protection clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Jerry Brown : Citing various recent scandals on Capitol Hill, particularly the recent House banking scandal and the large congressional pay-raises from 1990, he promised to put an end to Congress being a "Stop-and-Shop for the moneyed special interests".
Jerry Brown : Brown surpassed the stated goal of attracting 10,000 residents according to city records, and built more affordable housing than previous mayoral administrations.
Jerry Brown : Brown opposed Kennedy's call for universal national health insurance and opposed Carter's call for an employer mandate to provide catastrophic private health insurance.
Jerry Brown : Rather than riding as a passenger in a chauffeured limousine as previous governors had done, Brown walked to work and drove in a Plymouth Satellite sedan.
Jerry Brown : In July 2014, Brown traveled to Mexico to hold meetings with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and other Central American leaders about the ongoing children's immigration crisis.
Jerry Brown : Jackson, who had made a pair of anti-semitic comments about Jews in general, and New York City's Jews in particular, while running for president in 1984, was still mistrusted within the Jewish community.
Jerry Brown : Prop 30 raised the state personal income tax increase over seven years for California residents with an annual income over US$250,000 and increased in the state sales tax by 0.25 percent over four years.
Jerry Brown : Brown and then Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger both declined to appeal the ruling.
Jerry Brown : What would become Brown's re-emergence into politics after six years was in Oakland.
Jerry Brown : Brown is often credited with winning the New Jersey and Rhode Island primaries, but in reality, uncommitted slates of delegates that Brown advocated in those states finished first.
Jerry Brown : Brown began his first campaign for the Democratic nomination for president on March 16, 1976, late in the primary season and over a year after some candidates had started campaigning.
Jerry Brown : Brown succeeded Republican Governor Ronald Reagan, who retired after two terms.
Jerry Brown : Returning to California, Brown took the state bar exam and passed on his second attempt.
Jerry Brown : After law school, Brown worked as a law clerk for California Supreme Court Justice Mathew Tobriner.
Jerry Brown : Jackson also had ties to Louis Farrakhan, infamous for his own anti-semitic statements, and with Yasir Arafat, the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Jerry Brown : Although he had polled well there throughout the primary season, an attempt to film a live speech in Madison, the state's capital, into a special effects-filled, 30-minute commercial (produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola) was disastrous.
Jerry Brown : Exactly one week later, he cemented his position as a major threat to Clinton when he eked out a narrow win in the bitterly fought Connecticut primary.
Jerry Brown : A year later, Royko expressed his regret for publicizing the nickname, and in 1991 Royko disavowed it entirely, proclaiming Brown to be just as serious as any other politician.
Jerry Brown : Nevertheless, it was endorsed by "The New York Times", "The New Republic", and "Forbes", and its raising of taxes on corporations and elimination of various loopholes which tended to favor the very wealthy proved to be popular with voters.
Jerry Brown : Despite this success, he was unable to stall Carter's momentum, and his rival was nominated on the first ballot at the 1976 Democratic National Convention.
Jerry Brown : He defeated his Democratic primary opponent, Los Angeles City Attorney Rocky Delgadillo, 63% to 37%.
Jerry Brown : Continuing with his populist reform theme, he assailed what he dubbed "the bipartisan Incumbent Party in Washington" and called for term limits for members of Congress.
Jerry Brown : On the subject of the 1979 energy crisis, Brown decried the "Faustian bargain" that he claimed Carter had entered into with the oil industry, and declared that he would greatly increase federal funding of research into solar power.
Jerry Brown : After Oakland mayor Elihu Harris decided against seeking reelection, Brown ran in the city's 1998 mayoral election as an independent "having left the Democratic Party, blasting what he called the 'deeply corrupted' two-party system".
Jerry Brown : Brown received only 10 percent of the vote in the New Hampshire primary, and he was soon forced to announce that his decision to remain in the race would depend on a good showing in the Wisconsin primary.
Jerry Brown : Brown also drafted and helped to pass the California Political Reform Act of 1974, Proposition 9, passed by 70% of California's voters in June 1974.
Jerry Brown : Brown strongly opposed the death penalty and vetoed it as governor, which the legislature overrode in 1977.
Jerry Brown : Brown completed his second term having appointed a total of five gay judges, including Rand Schrader and Jerold Krieger.
Jerry Brown : The political left had hoped for some of the more progressive politics from Brown's earlier governorship, but found Brown, as mayor, to be "more pragmatic than progressive, more interested in downtown redevelopment and economic growth than political ideology".
Jerry Brown : One of these appointments, Rose Bird as the Chief Justice of the California Supreme Court, was voted out in 1987 after a strong campaign financed by business interests upset by her "pro-labor" and "pro-free speech" rulings.
Jerry Brown : He was succeeded as governor by George Deukmejian, then state attorney general, on January 3, 1983.
Jerry Brown : The 10K plan has touched the historic Old Oakland district, the Chinatown district, the Uptown district, and Downtown.
Jerry Brown : Despite poor showings in the Iowa caucus (1.6%) and the New Hampshire primary (8%), Brown soon managed to win narrow victories in Maine, Colorado, Nevada, and Vermont, but he continued to be considered a small threat for much of the campaign.
Jerry Brown : Plaintiffs claimed Brown did not meet eligibility according to California Government Code §12503, "No person shall be eligible to the office of Attorney General unless he shall have been admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of the state for a period of at least five years immediately preceding his election or appointment to such office."
Jerry Brown : He still had a sizable number of delegates, and a big win in his home state of California would deprive Clinton of sufficient support to win the Democratic nomination, possibly bringing about a brokered convention.
Jerry Brown : In 1981, Brown, who had established a reputation as a strong environmentalist, was confronted with a serious medfly infestation in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Jerry Brown : He received 54.3% of the vote and advanced to the general election with Republican Neel Kashkari, who took 19.38% of the vote.
Jerry Brown : Max Neiman, a professor at the Institute of Governmental Studies at University of California, Berkeley, credited Brown for "bailing out local government and school districts", but felt it was harmful "because it made it easier for people to believe that Proposition 13 wasn't harmful".
Jerry Brown : The downtown district was losing retailers, restaurateurs and residential developers, and Brown sought to attract thousands of new residents with disposable income to revitalize the area.
Jerry Brown : Fleets of helicopters sprayed malathion at night, and the California National Guard set up highway checkpoints and collected many tons of local fruit; in the final stage of the campaign, entomologists released millions of sterile male medflies in an attempt to disrupt the insects' reproductive cycle.
Jerry Brown : Brown's Republican opponent in the election was former eBay president Meg Whitman.
Jerry Brown : Legal analysts called the lawsuit frivolous because Brown was admitted to practice law in the State of California on June 14, 1965, and had been so admitted to practice ever since.
Jerry Brown : Since Brown worked toward the stated goal of bringing an additional 10,000 residents to Downtown Oakland, his plan was known as "10K".
Jerry Brown : Brown argued before the California Supreme Court and won cases against Standard Oil of California, International Telephone and Telegraph, Gulf Oil, and Mobil for election law violations.
Jerry Brown : In 1955, Brown entered Santa Clara University for a year and left to attend Sacred Heart Novitiate, a Jesuit novice house in Los Gatos, intent on becoming a Catholic priest.
Jerry Brown : Brown also reorganized the California Arts Council, boosting its funding by 1300 percent and appointing artists to the council, and appointed more women and minorities to office than any other previous California governor.
Jerry Brown : A member of the Democratic Party, Brown served as California Attorney General from 2007 to 2011.
Jerry Brown : Brown moved to resume capital punishment in 2010 with the execution of Albert Greenwood Brown after the lifting of a statewide moratorium by a California court.
Jerry Brown : Brown finished third with roughly 300 delegate votes, narrowly behind Congressman Morris Udall and Carter.
Jerry Brown : In the general election, Brown was re-elected by 3,645,835 votes (59.2%) to Kashkari's 2,511,722 (40.8%).
Jerry Brown : As Brown's campaign began to attract more members of what some more conservative commentators described as "the fringe", including activists like Jane Fonda, Tom Hayden, and Jesse Jackson, his polling numbers began to suffer.
Jerry Brown : Although he focused on a variety of issues throughout the campaign, he highlighted his endorsement of living wage laws and opposition to free trade agreements such as NAFTA; he mostly concentrated on his tax policy, which had been created specifically for him by Arthur Laffer, the famous supporter of supply-side economics who created the Laffer curve.
Jerry Brown : When Proposition 13 passed in June 1978, he heavily cut state spending, and along with the Legislature, spent much of the $5 billion surplus to meet the proposition's requirements and help offset the revenue losses which made cities, counties, and schools more dependent on the state.
Jerry Brown : Ignoring them, Brown embarked on a grassroots campaign to, in his own words, "take back America from the confederacy of corruption, careerism, and campaign consulting in Washington".
Jerry Brown : When Brown announced his intention to run for president against President George H. W. Bush, many in the media and his own party dismissed his campaign as having little chance of gaining significant support.
Jerry Brown : In his stump speech, first used while officially announcing his candidacy on the steps of Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Brown told listeners that he would be accepting campaign contributions from individuals only and that he would not accept over $100.
Jerry Brown : He was defeated by Republican San Diego Mayor Pete Wilson by a margin of 52% to 45%.
Jerry Brown : In 1975, Brown obtained the repeal of the "depletion allowance", a tax break for the state's oil industry, despite the efforts of lobbyist Joe Shell, a former intraparty rival to Richard M. Nixon.
Jerry Brown : His actions in response to the proposition earned him praise from Proposition 13 author Howard Jarvis who went as far as to make a television commercial for Brown just before his successful re-election bid in 1978.
Jerry Brown : In 1995, with Brown's political career at a low point, in the motion picture "Jade", the fictional Governor of California tells an assistant district attorney to drop a case, "unless you want as much of a future in this state as Jerry Brown".
Jerry Brown : There was animosity between the Brown and Clinton campaigns, and Brown was the first political figure to criticize Bill Clinton over what became known as the Whitewater controversy.
Jerry Brown : Brown's 1980 platform, which he declared to be the natural result of combining Buckminster Fuller's visions of the future and E. F. Schumacher's theory of "Buddhist economics", was much expanded from 1976.
Jerry Brown : On June 28, 2012, Brown signed a budget that made deep cuts to social services with the assumption that voters would pass $8 billion in tax increases in November 2012 to close California's $15.7-billion budget deficit.
Jerry Brown : First indicating his interest in early 2008, Brown formed an exploratory committee in order to seek a third term as governor in 2010, following the expiration of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's term.
Jerry Brown : Brown was sworn in for his third term as governor on January 3, 2011, succeeding Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger who had been term-limited.
Jerry Brown : In 1981, he also appointed the first openly lesbian judge in the United States, Mary C. Morgan, to the San Francisco Municipal Court.
Jerry Brown : It has resulted in redevelopment projects in the Jack London District, Oakland, California|Jack London District, where Brown himself had earlier purchased and later sold an industrial warehouse which he used as a personal residence, and in the Lakeside Apartments District near Lake Merritt.
Jerry Brown : In 1969, Brown ran for the newly created Los Angeles Community College Board of Trustees, which oversaw community colleges in the city, and placed first in a field of 124.
Jerry Brown : Despite being overwhelmingly outspent, Brown won upset victories in seven states and his "votes won to the money raised ratio" was by far the best of any candidate in the race.
Jerry Brown : Brown continued his predecessor Elihu Harris's public policy of supporting downtown housing development in the area defined as the Central Business District in Oakland's 1998 General Plan.
Jerry Brown : His great-grandfather August Schuckman, a German immigrant, settled in California in 1852 during the California Gold Rush.
Jerry Brown : In 2004, Brown expressed interest to be a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Attorney General of California in the 2006 election, and in May 2004, he formally filed to run.
Jerry Brown : Although Brown greatly expanded the party's donor base and enlarged its coffers, with a focus on grassroots organizing and get out the vote drives, he was criticized for not spending enough money on TV ads, which was felt to have contributed to Democratic losses in several close races in 1990, such as Dianne Feinstein's attempt to become the first female governor of California.
Jerry Brown : In early 1991, Brown abruptly resigned his post and announced that he would run for the Senate seat held by the retiring Alan Cranston.
Jerry Brown : The city was rapidly losing residents and businesses, and Brown is credited with starting the revitalization of the city using his connections and experience to lessen the economic downturn, while attracting $1 billion of investments, including refurbishing the Fox Theatre, the Port of Oakland, and Jack London Square.
Jerry Brown : Prosecutor Rod Pacheco, who supported Republican opponent Meg Whitman, said that it would be unfair to accuse Jerry Brown of using the execution for political gain as they never discussed the case.
Jerry Brown : Although Brown did not win the nomination, he was able to boast of one accomplishment: at the following month's Democratic National Convention, he received the votes of 596 delegates on the first ballot, more than any other candidate but Clinton.
Jerry Brown : In the general election, Brown defeated Republican State Senator Charles Poochigian 56.3% to 38.2%, one of the largest margins of victory in any statewide California race.
Jerry Brown : Through his first term as governor, Brown had not appointed any openly gay people to any position, but he cited the failed 1978 Briggs Initiative, which sought to ban homosexuals from working in California's public schools, for his increased support of gay rights.
Jerry Brown : Brown announced his bid for re-election on February 27, 2014.
Jerry Brown : In September 2012, Brown signed legislation sponsored by California State Senator Ted Lieu that prohibits protesters at funerals within 300 feet, with convicted violators punishable with fines and jail time; the legislation was in response to protests conducted by the Westboro Baptist Church.
Jerry Brown : Brown's name began appearing on primary ballots in May and he won in Maryland, Nevada, and his home state of California.
Jerry Brown : On March 17, Brown forced Tsongas from the race when he received a strong third-place showing in the Illinois primary and then defeated the senator for second place in the Michigan primary by a wide margin.
Jerry Brown : Brown traveled to Japan to study Buddhism, studying with Christian/Zen practitioner Hugo Enomiya-Lassalle under Yamada Koun-roshi.
Jerry Brown : For his personal life, Brown refused many of the privileges and perks of the office, forgoing the newly constructed 20,000 square-foot governor's residence in the suburb of Carmichael and instead renting a $250-per-month apartment at the corner of 14th and N Streets, adjacent to Capitol Park in downtown Sacramento.
Jerry Brown : With support from Louisiana Governor Edwin Edwards, Brown won a majority of delegates at the Louisiana delegate selection convention; thus Louisiana was the only southern state to not support Southerners Carter or Alabama Governor George Wallace.
Jerry Brown : His candidacy had been anticipated by the press ever since he won re-election as governor in 1978 over the Republican Evelle Younger by 1.3 million votes, the largest margin in California history.
Jerry Brown : Brown won re-election in 1978 against Republican state Attorney General Evelle J.
Jerry Brown : He missed the deadline in Oregon, but he ran as a write-in candidate and finished in third behind Jimmy Carter and Senator Frank Church of Idaho.
Jerry Brown : On October 7, 2013, he became the longest-serving chief executive in the history of California, surpassing Earl Warren.
Jerry Brown : Upon his return from abroad in 1988, Brown announced that he would stand as a candidate to become chairman of the California Democratic Party, and won against investment banker Steve Westly.
Jerry Brown : As the press focused on the primaries in New York and Wisconsin, which were both to be held on the same day, Brown, who had taken the lead in polls in both states, made a gaffe: He announced to an audience of various leaders of New York City's Jewish community that, if nominated, he would consider the Reverend Jesse Jackson as a vice-presidential candidate.
Jerry Brown : In the General Election on November 5, 1974, Brown was elected Governor of California over California State Controller Houston I. Flournoy; Republicans ascribed the loss to anti-Republican feelings from Watergate, the election being held only ninety days after President Richard Nixon resigned from office.
Jerry Brown : Brown announced his candidacy for governor on March 2, 2010.
Jerry Brown : Brown was endorsed by the "Los Angeles Times," "The Sacramento Bee," the "San Francisco Chronicle," the "San Jose Mercury News," and the Service Employees International Union.
Jerry Brown : In the final weeks leading up to Election Day, Brown's eligibility to run for attorney general was challenged in what Brown called a "political stunt by a Republican office seeker" (Contra Costa County Republican Central Committee chairman and state GOP vice-chair candidate Tom Del Beccaro).
Jerry Brown : Brown was born in San Francisco, California, the only son of four children born to District Attorney of San Francisco and later Governor of California, Edmund Gerald "Pat" Brown Sr., and his wife, Bernice Layne.
Jerry Brown : Brown appointed the first openly gay judge in the United States when he named Stephen Lachs to serve on the Los Angeles County Superior Court in 1979.
Jerry Brown : Prior to taking office, Brown campaigned to get the approval of the electorate to convert Oakland's "weak mayor" political structure, which structured the mayor as chairman of the city council and official greeter, to a "strong mayor" structure, where the mayor would act as chief executive over the nonpolitical city manager and thus the various city departments, and break tie votes on the Oakland City Council.
Jerry Brown : After six years out of politics, Brown returned to public life, serving as Mayor of Oakland (1999–2007), and then as Attorney General of California (2007–2011).
Jerry Brown : In 1979, an out-of-state columnist, Mike Royko, at the "Chicago Sun-Times", picked up on the nickname from Brown's girlfriend at the time, Linda Ronstadt, who was quoted in a 1978 "Rolling Stone" magazine interview humorously calling him "Moonbeam".
Jerry Brown : He appointed J. Baldwin to work in the newly created California Office of Appropriate Technology, Sim Van der Ryn as State Architect, Stewart Brand as Special Advisor, John Bryson as chairman of the California State Water Board.
Jerry Brown : Republican George Deukmejian, a Brown critic, narrowly won the governorship in 1982, succeeding Brown, and was re-elected overwhelmingly in 1986.
Jerry Brown : At 36, Brown was elected to his first term as governor of California in 1974, making him the youngest California governor in 111 years.
Jerry Brown : In 1970, Brown was elected California Secretary of State.
Jerry Brown : In 1974, Brown ran in a highly contested Democratic primary for Governor of California against Speaker of the California Assembly Bob Moretti, San Francisco Mayor Joseph L. Alioto, Representative Jerome R. Waldie, and others.
Jerry Brown : It was not until shortly after Super Tuesday, when the field had been narrowed to Brown, former Senator Paul Tsongas of Massachusetts, and front-runner then-Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas, that Brown began to emerge as a major contender in the eyes of the press.
Jerry Brown : In 1982, Brown chose not to seek a third term as governor; instead, he ran for the United States Senate for the seat being vacated by Republican S.I.
Jerry Brown : He declined to pursue a third term in 1982, instead making an unsuccessful run for the United States Senate that same year.
Jerry Brown : Brown resided at the novitiate from August 1956 to January 1960 before enrolling at the University of California, Berkeley, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Classics in 1961.
Jerry Brown : Brown chose not to run for a third term in 1982, and instead ran for the United States Senate, but lost to San Diego Mayor Pete Wilson.
Jerry Brown : Brown was a member of the California Cadet Corps at St. Ignatius High School, where he graduated in 1955.
Jerry Brown : After traveling abroad, he returned to California and served as Chairman of the California Democratic Party (1989–1991), attempting to run for the Senate once more in 1992.
Cosculluela : It also reached number eight on the "Billboard" Rap Albums chart.
Cosculluela : At a young age, Cosculluela became interested in tennis and eventually played for his high school, "Colegio San Antonio Abad."
Cosculluela : At the age of sixteen, Cosculluela began producing underground mixtapes with his brother "Jaime" and his friends.
Cosculluela : After a few years of recording underground, popular Reggaeton producer DJ Buddha found out about Consculluela's talents in a San Jose studio.
Cosculluela : It peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart and spawned the hit singles ""Na Na Nau"", ""Prrrum"", and ""Plaka Plaka"".
Cosculluela : Collaborations that have been announced so far are Wisin & Yandel and Los Mafiaboyz.
Cosculluela : These 5 tracks were Cuidau Au Au, Humo, Prrrum Remix ft. Nardo Ranks, and Another Prrrum Remix.
Cosculluela : In 2010, Cosculluela released his second album called "El Principe: Ghost Edition".
Cosculluela : In 2009, Cosculluela released his first album, "El Príncipe".
Cosculluela : José Fernando Cosculluela Suárez, professionally known as Cosculluela, is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter.
Cosculluela : The album also features collaborations with artists such as Daddy Yankee, Nicky Jam, Farruko, Arcangel, De La Ghetto, and Tempo.
Ingo Hoffmann : Notably, Ingo Hoffmann has won the Brazilian Stock Car Championship 12 times (1980, 1985, 1989-1994, 1996-1998 and 2002).
Ingo Hoffmann : Ingo Hoffmann (born February 28, 1953) is a Brazilian retired racing driver from São Paulo.
Abdellatif Kechiche : He made his directorial debut in 2000 with "La Faute à Voltaire", which he also wrote.
Abdellatif Kechiche : Abdellatif Kechiche (; , born 7 December 1960) is a Tunisian-French actor, film director and screenwriter.
Abdellatif Kechiche : He presented "The Secret of the Grain" at the 64th Mostra del Cinema in Venice for which he was awarded the Special Jury Prize.
Aritz Aduriz : Aged 29, Aduriz moved to Valencia CF on 14 July 2010, for about €4 million.
Aritz Aduriz : in summer 2013, and Aduriz was made the starter by new manager Ernesto Valverde.
Aritz Aduriz : Aritz Aduriz Zubeldia (; ; born 11 February 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a striker.
Aritz Aduriz : On 28 February of the following year, he scored three of his team's goals to help the hosts defeat Granada CF 4–0.
Aritz Aduriz : On 12 November 2016, after contributing to a 4–0 win over Macedonia in the 2018 World Cup qualifying phase in Granada, Aduriz became Spain's oldest ever goal scorer at the age of 35 years and 275 days.
Peter Vermes : He ended his futsal career with 11 caps and 7 goals.
Peter Vermes : He is currently the head coach of Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer.
Peter Vermes : Vermes received his first cap May 14, 1988 against Colombia, and would in all receive 66 caps for the team, playing in the 1988 Olympics, the 1990 World Cup and the 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Peter Vermes : On April 4, 2013, Vermes was elected to the U.S. Soccer Hall of Fame.
Jerome Isaac Friedman : He is an atheist.
Jerome Isaac Friedman : Jerome Isaac Friedman (born March 28, 1930) is an American physicist.
Jerome Isaac Friedman : Born in Chicago, Illinois to Lillian (née Warsaw) and Selig Friedman, a sewing machine salesman, Friedman's Jewish parents emigrated to the U.S. from Russia.
Jerome Isaac Friedman : He turned down a scholarship to the Art Institute of Chicago in order to study physics at the University of Chicago.
Denis Villeneuve : In 1991, he won Radio-Canada's youth film competition, "La Course Europe-Asie".
Denis Villeneuve : He followed that up with the controversial, but critically acclaimed black and white film "Polytechnique" (2009) about the shootings that occurred at the Montreal university.
Denis Villeneuve : The film competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, though it did not win.
Denis Villeneuve : Denis Villeneuve (; born October 3, 1967) is a French Canadian film director, writer, and producer.
Denis Villeneuve : He studied cinema at the Université du Québec à Montréal.
Denis Villeneuve : Internationally, Villeneuve is known for having directed a number of critically acclaimed films, notably the thriller films "Prisoners" (2013) and "Sicario" (2015), as well as the science fiction films "Arrival" (2016) and "Blade Runner 2049" (2017).
Denis Villeneuve : In February 2015, it was announced that Villeneuve would direct "Blade Runner 2049", the sequel to Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" (1982).
Denis Villeneuve : He is a four-time recipient of the Canadian Screen Award (formerly Genie Award) for Best Direction, for "Maelström" in 2001, "Polytechnique" in 2009, "Incendies" in 2011, and "Enemy" in 2014.
Zoran Tošić : He was part of their teams at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2010 World Cup.
Zoran Tošić : Despite claims that negotiations had stalled over Tošić's personal terms, the transfer was finalised on 2 January 2009, with both Tošić and his Partizan teammate Adem Ljajić joining United.
Zoran Tošić : On 6 August 2007, Tošić signed a four-year professional contract with Partizan.
Zoran Tošić : Zoran Tošić (, ; born 28 April 1987) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a winger for Partizan.
Zoran Tošić : On 22 November 2008, the "Daily Mail" reported that a deal had been agreed for the midfielder to join Manchester United in the January 2009 transfer window.
Zoran Tošić : Tošić's league debut came three days later, on 27 January 2009, when he came on as a 77th-minute substitute for his friend Dimitar Berbatov in United's 5–0 win over West Bromwich Albion.
Gerard Deulofeu : He helped his team to record its best ever Premier League points tally of 72 to finish fifth and, at the end of the campaign, Barcelona confirmed that he would not be returning for a second loan spell as he had been promoted to their first-team squad; he wrote an open letter thanking the staff, players and fans for their support during his stay.
Gerard Deulofeu : His second came eight days later, through an 85th-minute strike at Arsenal to earn a 1–1 draw.
Gerard Deulofeu : On 24 September Deulofeu scored his first goal for the Andalusians (and also his first ever in the top flight in Spain), netting the game's winner in a home success over Real Sociedad.
Gerard Deulofeu : Gerard Deulofeu Lázaro (; born 13 March 1994) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Watford and the Spain national team.
Gerard Deulofeu : He made his UEFA Europa League debut on 18 September, starting and providing assists for both goals in a 2–0 home victory against Feyenoord.
Gerard Deulofeu : On 14 December 2013, Deulofeu suffered a hamstring injury during Everton's 4–1 victory over Fulham, which sidelined him for five weeks.
Gerard Deulofeu : After being an unused substitute in a 1–1 home draw against Valencia, Deulofeu made his debut on 30 August replacing Vitolo in the 73rd minute of a 2–1 away win against Espanyol.
Gerard Deulofeu : On 23 January 2017, Deulofeu joined Milan on loan until the end of the 2016–17 season.
Gerard Deulofeu : On 30 November, Deulofeu scored his first league goal for the Toffees, netting the opener in a 4–0 home success against Stoke City.
Gerard Deulofeu : On 11 June 2018, Watford signed Deulofeu on a permanent deal for a reported fee of €13 million.
Hey! Say! JUMP : "Aioitai (愛追I隊)"
Hey! Say! JUMP : 7" (a temporary group before Hey!
Hey! Say! JUMP : On June 16, 2007, it was announced that Hey!
Hey! Say! JUMP : Other acting appearances by the group's members include Yamada and Arioka in the drama "Kindaichi Shounen no Jikenbo Neo", Nakajima and Takaki in "Suikyu Yankees", with Takaki also appearing in "Dr. DMAT" and "HAMU".
Hey! Say! JUMP : On September 24, the five members of Hey!
Hey! Say! JUMP : 7 were joined by Kota Yabu, Kei Inoo, Hikaru Yaotome, Keito Okamoto and Ryutaro Morimoto, all represented by Johnny's Jr's.
Hey! Say! JUMP : 7.
Liam Cunningham : Liam Cunningham (born 2 June 1961) is an Irish stage and screen actor.
Liam Cunningham : Cunningham's debut film role came in "Into the West" (1992), where he played a police officer.
Liam Cunningham : Cunningham currently resides in Dublin with his wife Colette, with whom he has three children, daughter Ellen and sons Liam Jr. and Sean.
Liam Cunningham : He featured in the music video for "High Hopes" by Irish alternative rock band Kodaline from their EP "The High Hopes".
Liam Cunningham : On television, he appeared as President "Richard Tate" in the BBC programme "Outcasts".
Liam Cunningham : He is known for playing Davos Seaworth in the HBO epic-fantasy series "Game of Thrones".
Scott Hicks : In that time, he fell into working on television commercials.
Scott Hicks : He followed that up with a more personal project, shooting a feature-length documentary on the iconic composer Philip Glass, "glass: a portrait of Philip in twelve parts".
Scott Hicks : His family then moved, first to England and, when he was 14, on to South Australia's capital, Adelaide.
Scott Hicks : In 2009 he made "The Boys Are Back", an Australian-UK co-production starring Clive Owen.
Scott Hicks : After working on "Hearts in Atlantis", Hicks decided to take time off and enjoy living at home.
Scott Hicks : Hicks was a finalist in 2008 for the Australian of the Year Awards.
Scott Hicks : Geoffrey Rush won the Academy Award for Best Actor, for his portrayal as Helfgott, and the film was also nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Armin Mueller-Stahl), Best Director, Best Film Editing, Best Music, Original Dramatic Score, Best Picture and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen.
Scott Hicks : Robert Scott Hicks (born 4 March 1953) is an Australian film director and screenwriter.
Scott Hicks : Hicks graduated from Flinders University in South Australia (BA Honours) in 1975 and was awarded an honorary doctorate in 1997.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : His group had a radio program and a small newspaper.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : The men arrested him and charged him with refusing the U.S. draft.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : He handed his books to the other students to take them to the place where he was living.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : He then went to San Juan to finish high school.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Five congressmen were hit, however all the representatives survived and Cancel Miranda, along with the other three members of his group were immediately arrested.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Under Jim Crow legislation at the time, the prison dormitories were segregated.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : One day, he was walking to school in San Juan with other students, and there was a car with four FBI agents at the corner of his house.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : His father, a businessman and owner of a furniture store, had been imprisoned because of his political beliefs.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Following World War II, there was widespread resistance to Washington's attempt to impose English as the main language of instruction in Puerto Rico's schools.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : In 1948, Cancel Miranda, then eighteen and in high school, refused to be drafted into the military.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Cancel Miranda and his comrades were charged with attempted murder and other crimes.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Cancel Miranda was among those who participated in a school strike to this respect, two months before his graduation and was expelled from school.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Lebrón intended to call attention to Puerto Rico's independence cause, particularly among the Latin American countries participating in the conference.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : During his stay in prison he confronted a prison guard because of the racist segregation inside prison walls.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : The U.S. Federal Court in Puerto Rico sentenced him to two years and one day and he was sent to a prison in Tallahassee, Florida, where he remained from 1949 to 1951.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : On March 1, 1954, Robert together with fellow Nationalists Lolita Lebrón, Andrés Figueroa Cordero, and Irvin Flores Rodríguez entered the United States Capitol building armed with automatic pistols and fired 30 shots.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Cancel Miranda joined the "Cadets of the Republic", the youth organization of the Nationalist Party, and organized nationalist youth committees in different towns.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Cancel Miranda was the only Nationalist out of the four to have been jailed in Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary, a Federal Bureau of Prisons federal prison.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Puerto Ricans became U.S. citizens as a result of the 1917 Jones-Shafroth Act and those who were eligible, with the exception of women, were expected to serve in the military, either voluntarily or as a result of the military draft (conscription).
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Cancel Miranda was born in the town of Mayagüez, located in the western coast of Puerto Rico.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Albizu Campos had been corresponding with 34-year-old Lolita Lebrón from prison and chose a group of nationalists who included Cancel Miranda, Irvin Flores Rodríguez and Andrés Figueroa Cordero to attack locations in Washington, D.C.
Rafael Cancel Miranda : Rafael Cancel Miranda (born July 18, 1930
Artur Sanhá : In June 2005, during protests by Ialá's supporters alleging fraud in the first round of the presidential election, in which Ialá officially took third place, police fired on the protesters and arrested Sanhá, who was leading the march and was found by police to be carrying a loaded gun.
Artur Sanhá : Following the election of PRS leader Kumba Ialá as President, Sanhá was appointed as Minister of Internal Administration in the government named on 19 February 2000, under Prime Minister Caetano N'Tchama.
Artur Sanhá : António Artur Sanhá (born 1965) is a politician in Guinea-Bissau.
Freddy Maertens : Not until he won a race on that would he get a better one.
Freddy Maertens : He competed in the individual road race at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Freddy Maertens : Freddy Maertens (born 13 February 1952 in Nieuwpoort) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist who was twice world road race champion.
Freddy Maertens : In 1976 he won eight stages of the Tour de France.
Freddy Maertens : As well as the Tour, Vuelta and Giro, his stage race victories included Paris–Nice (1977), the Four Days of Dunkirk (1973, 1975, 1976 and 1978), the Tour of Andalucia (1974, 1975), Tour of Belgium (1974, 1975), Tour de Luxembourg (1975), Tour of Sardinia (1977) and Vuelta y Catalunya (1977).
Uwem Akpan : In 2009, Oprah Winfrey recommended Uwem Akpan's "Say You’re One of Them" as her 63rd book club selection.
Uwem Akpan : After studying humanities and philosophy at Creighton University and Gonzaga University, he received a theology degree from the Catholic University of East Africa in Kenya.
Uwem Akpan : Uwem Akpan was born in Ikot Akpan Eda in southern Nigeria; his parents were teachers.
Steve Beshear : Steve Beshear was born on September 21, 1944, in Hopkins County, Kentucky.
George Lakoff : He is a member of the scientific committee of the Fundación IDEAS (IDEAS Foundation), Spain's Socialist Party's think tank.
George Lakoff : Lakoff served as a professor of linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley, from 1972 until his retirement in 2016.
Adam Pascal : He was raised Jewish.
Adam Pascal : Before his interest in music, he was a personal trainer.
Adam Pascal : He returned to "Aida" in 2004 to close the run of the show as Radames.
Adam Pascal : He left the show on November 2, 1997, but went on to reprise Roger when "Rent" opened in London.
Adam Pascal : Although he began as a rock musician playing in a number of bands (such as Mute) formed with his schoolmates, Pascal became drawn to the musical theater.
Adam Pascal : His "Rent" and "Aida" co-star Idina Menzel played the role of Florence.
Adam Pascal : His powerful tenor voice and his performance in "Rent" earned him a Tony nomination, a Theater World award, and an Obie Award.
Adam Pascal : On a whim, he auditioned and was cast as the HIV-positive rock guitarist Roger Davis.
Adam Pascal : This performance was recorded; it has been televised, first on American and British television on June 17, 2009, and repeatedly in America on PBS stations as part of that network's "Great Performances" series; and has been released on DVD.
Adam Pascal : Pascal was born in The Bronx, New York, and grew up in Woodbury, Nassau County, New York, with his mother, Wendy (née Frishman), and stepfather, Mel Seamon.
Adam Pascal : He also participated in several charity performances, including "Chess" in 2003 (playing the American, Freddie Trumper), "Hair" in 2004 (singing "I Got Life"), and the "24 Hour Plays" in 2005.
Adam Pascal : Along with original Broadway "Rent" cast member Anthony Rapp (Mark Cohen), Pascal returned to Broadway to star as Roger in "Rent" from July 30 to October 7, 2007.
Adam Pascal : The role helped Pascal gain fame on Broadway, and he was cast in the Elton John and Tim Rice musical "Aida" as the Egyptian general Radames with the original and final casts (former "Rent" castmate Idina Menzel would co-star as Amneris in 2001), and Kander and Ebb's "Cabaret", appearing in the show as the Emcee (closing cast).
Adam Pascal : In January 2009, he and Rapp reprised their originating (and film) roles as Roger and Mark in another "Rent" tour titled: "Rent: The Broadway Tour", which played in many cities in the North America, as well as stops in Japan and South Korea.
Adam Pascal : Pascal reprised the role of Frederick Trumper, aka "Freddie, The American" in the London concert version of "Chess" at the Royal Albert Hall on May 12–13, 2008.
Miguel Alcubierre : In this, he describes the Alcubierre drive, a theoretical means of traveling faster than light that does not violate the physical principle that nothing can locally travel faster than light.
Miguel Alcubierre : At the end of 1990, Alcubierre moved to Wales to attend graduate school at Cardiff University, receiving his PhD degree in 1994 through study of numerical general relativity.
Miguel Alcubierre : Miguel Alcubierre Moya (born March 28, 1964) is a Mexican theoretical physicist.
Miguel Alcubierre : Since 2002, he has worked at the Nuclear Sciences Institute of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), where he conducts research in numerical relativity, employing computers to formulate and solve the physical equations first proposed by Albert Einstein.
Miguel Alcubierre : After 1996 he worked at the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics in Potsdam, Germany, developing new numerical techniques used in the description of black holes.
Miguel Alcubierre : On June 14, 2016, after a four-year term as Director of the Nuclear Sciences Institute at UNAM, Miguel Alcubierre was re-elected by the Governing Board of UNAM as Director of the Nuclear Sciences Institute for another four-year period.
Fran Vázquez : On 29 July 2016, Vázquez signed a two-year deal with Iberostar Tenerife.
Fran Vázquez : Francisco Vázquez González (; born May 1, 1983), more commonly known as Fran Vázquez, is a Spanish professional basketball player for Zaragoza of the Liga ACB.
William Kentridge : These palimpsest-like drawings are later displayed along with the films as finished pieces of art.
William Kentridge : Kentridge's films were shown at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
William Kentridge : A single drawing will be altered and filmed this way until the end of a scene.
William Kentridge : In the 1980s, he worked on television films and series as art director.
William Kentridge : These are constructed by filming a drawing, making erasures and changes, and filming it again.
William Kentridge : Between 1975 and 1991, he was acting and directing in Johannesburg's Junction Avenue Theatre Company.
William Kentridge : William Kentridge (born 28 April 1955) is a South African artist best known for his prints, drawings, and animated films.
William Kentridge : In the early 1980s, he studied mime and theatre at the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in Paris.
Liu Cixin : Due to the violence of the Cultural Revolution he was sent to live in his ancestral home in Luoshan County, Henan.
Liu Cixin : Liu graduated from the North China University of Water Conservancy and Electric Power in 1988.
Liu Cixin : He is a nine-time winner of the Galaxy Award (China's most prestigious literary science fiction award), winner of the 2015 Hugo Award (for "The Three-Body Problem") and the 2017 Locus Award (for "Death's End") as well as a nominee for the Nebula Award.
Liu Cixin : Liu Cixin was born on 23 June 1963 in Yangquan, Shanxi.
Liu Cixin : Liu's parents worked in a mine in Shanxi.
Liu Cixin : He then worked as a computer engineer at a power plant in the Shanxi province.
Steve Cook : On 3 January 2012, Cook re-joined Bournemouth permanently for £150,000 signing a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Steve Cook : On 27 October 2011, he joined League One side AFC Bournemouth on loan.
Steve Cook : Brighton manager Gus Poyet later revealed that he felt Cook would add another ingredient to his footballing education by spending time away from Sussex and that it would force him to "grow up".
Steve Cook : On 20 November 2009, Cook joined Conference South team Eastleigh on loan to gain first-team match experience.
Steve Cook : After making seven appearances and scoring once, Eastbourne were keen to extend the loan deal for the player, but were however unsuccessful as he later joined Conference Premier rivals Mansfield Town on a loan deal lasting until January 2011.
Steve Cook : On 16 September 2010, Cook once again went on loan, this time to Conference Premier side Eastbourne Borough where he spent a month.
Steve Cook : He, along with fellow youth players Steve Brinkhurst and Josh Pelling, signed professional contracts with Brighton on 7 May 2009.
Steve Cook : On 4 December 2016, he scored to equalise and then created the winning goal as Bournemouth completed one of the comebacks of the season to beat Liverpool for the first time in their history 4–3 in a sensational Premier League game.
Steve Cook : On 23 December 2008, Cook joined Conference South team Havant & Waterlooville on loan for six-weeks.
Steve Cook : Cook made his first league appearance for Brighton during a 4–0 home defeat to Crewe Alexandra on 28 February 2009.
Steve Cook : He was sent off on his debut in a 1–1 draw with Lewes in the third qualifying round of the FA Trophy on 21 November 2009.
Steve Cook : Born in Hastings, East Sussex, Cook made his first-team debut for Brighton & Hove Albion during the League Cup third round victory over Manchester City on 24 September 2008.
Alfred Körner : His last international was an October 1958 friendly match against France.
Alfred Körner : He earned 47 caps, scoring 14 goals.
Alfred Körner : Alfred Körner (14 February 1926 – 23 January 2020) was an Austrian footballer.
Alfred Körner : Körner made his debut for Austria in an October 1947 friendly match against Czechoslovakia and played in the 1954 FIFA World Cup where Austria finished third with his older brother Robert, and the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Francis Oliva : All the short stories take place in Gibraltar, in its streets, bars, workplaces, urban landscapes and open spaces.
Francis Oliva : Both books were published by Editorial Acenta 2000.
Francis Oliva : He is the news editor of the "Gibraltar Chronicle", where he also regularly writes opinion articles on current affairs.
Francis Oliva : As suggested by the book title, even the inner monologues are intimately associated and come to life against and within the dramatic presence of The Rock's jagged topography.
Francis Oliva : Francisco Javier Oliva commonly known as Francis Oliva or Paco Oliva (b. Gibraltar, 1962) is a Gibraltarian journalist and published author.
Francis Oliva : The book is a collection of short stories some based on nostalgic recollections of the author's youth, while others explore the darker recesses of the human mind, delving into a sombre universe of introspection where themes like isolation, fear, obsession and the destructive nature of all human relationships, come to the fore.
Francis Oliva : He has also published his first work of fiction "The Night Gibraltar Disappeared and Other Stories", subtitled "("A fictional journey through the void")", his first incursion in the field of modern fiction.
Francis Oliva : Francisco has published two books to date "The Frontiers of Doubt" which is an in depth critical anaylisis of the Gibraltar question and the relationship between Gibraltar, the United Kingdom and Spain from a non-nationalist perspective.
Joshua Redman : and "New Orleans".
Joshua Redman : Some of his friends had recently relocated to Brooklyn, and they were looking for another housemate to help with the rent.
Joshua Redman : He had already been accepted by Yale Law School, but deferred entrance for what he believed was only going to be one year.
Joshua Redman : It was released on May 7, 2013 on Nonesuch.
Joshua Redman : It was there that he performed alongside saxophonist Robert Stewart.
Joshua Redman : The event aired on December 29, 2013 on CBS.
Joshua Redman : About Walking Shadows, the New York Times says "there hasn’t been a more sublimely lyrical gesture in his 20-year recording career."
Joshua Redman : The trio debuted under the moniker "Yaya3", producing one album under this name.
Joshua Redman : They released their first self-titled album on April 26, 2011 and their follow-up album, "City Folk" on October 27, 2014.
Joshua Redman : He was exposed at an early age to a variety of musics and instruments and began playing clarinet at age nine before switching to what became his primary instrument, the tenor saxophone, one year later.
Joshua Redman : He was exposed to many kinds of music at the Center for World Music in Berkeley, where his mother studied South Indian dance.
Joshua Redman : In 1991, he graduated summa cum laude with a degree in Social Studies from Harvard University, where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa Society.
Joshua Redman : Redman accepted their invitation to move in, and almost immediately he found himself immersed in the New York jazz scene.
Joshua Redman : He appeared in the tenth episode of the fourth season, where it was rumored by the characters that he would get in a fight with famed cellist Yo-Yo Ma, who also appeared in the episode.
Joshua Redman : Redman performed in a fictitious supergroup, "The Louisiana Gator Boys", in the 1998 film "Blues Brothers 2000", performing on "How Blue Can You Get?"
Joshua Redman : In 1999, Joshua Redman was immortalized in the children's TV show "Arthur" on PBS.
Joshua Redman : Redman was also an inaugural member of the Independent Music Awards' judging panel to support independent artists.
Joshua Redman : Redman graduated from Berkeley High School, class of 1986, after having been a part of the award-winning Berkeley High School Jazz Ensemble for all four years of high school.
Joshua Redman : He was signed by Warner Bros. Records and issued his first self-titled album in the spring of 1993, which subsequently earned Redman his first Grammy nomination.
Joshua Redman : His January 2009 release, "Compass", continued the trio tradition, and even included some tracks with a double-trio setup, featuring saxophone, two basses and two drummers.
Joshua Redman : In 2015, Redman received his third Grammy nomination for his solo on "Friend or Foe" from the album "The Bad Plus Joshua Redman".
Joshua Redman : The same group of musicians made up the core on Redman's "Elastic" album, before becoming known as the "Joshua Redman Elastic Band".
Joshua Redman : Redman won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Saxophone Competition in 1991, and began focusing on his musical career.
Joshua Redman : After graduation, Joshua frequented the classroom jam sessions of Bay Area pianist and professor of music (at Laney College in Oakland, California), Ed Kelly.
Joshua Redman : On Sunday, December 8, 2013, Redman joined a group of jazz all-stars onstage at the Kennedy Center Honors in Washington, DC, to pay tribute to honoree Herbie Hancock in performance.
Joshua Redman : On his second album as a leader, "Wish", he was joined by a notable lineup consisting of guitarist Pat Metheny, bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Billy Higgins; this group then toured as "The Joshua Redman Quartet", featuring Christian McBride in place of Charlie Haden.
Joshua Redman : In 2000, Redman was named Artistic Director for the Spring Season of the non-profit jazz-presenting organization SFJAZZ.
Joshua Redman : He continued to develop his style throughout the 1990s, beginning with a sideman appearance on Elvin Jones' "Youngblood" alongside Javon Jackson, and following up with an appearance on his father Dewey's 1992 record "Choices".
Joshua Redman : Joshua Redman (born February 1, 1969) is an American jazz saxophonist and composer.
Joshua Redman : Redman co-founded the SFJAZZ with Executive Director Randall Kline, as the SFJAZZ Collective, an ensemble distinguished by the creativity of its members and a primary emphasis on composition.
Joshua Redman : In early 2013, it was announced that Redman would release a new collection of vintage and contemporary ballads featuring a jazz quartet and an orchestral ensemble titled "Walking Shadows."
Joshua Redman : In March 2007, Redman announced that he was taking a hiatus from both the SFJAZZ Artistic Directorship and the SFJAZZ Collective in order to focus on new projects.
Joshua Redman : Joshua Redman was born in Berkeley, California, to jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman and dancer and librarian Renee Shedroff.
Joshua Redman : Produced by Redman's friend and frequent collaborator Brad Mehldau, the album also features Larry Grenadier (bass) and Brian Blade (drums).
Joshua Redman : Redman cites John Coltrane, Ornette Coleman, Cannonball Adderley, his father Dewey Redman, as well as the Beatles, Aretha Franklin, the Temptations, Earth, Wind and Fire, Prince, the Police and Led Zeppelin as musical influences.
Joshua Redman : He continued to work with various quartets, including one with pianist Brad Mehldau until forming a new trio, "Elastic", with keyboardist Sam Yahel and drummer Brian Blade.
Joshua Redman : Starting in late 2009, Redman began performing with a new collaborative band called James Farm, featuring pianist Aaron Parks, bassist Matt Penman and drummer Eric Harland.
Joshua Redman : In April 2007, Nonesuch released Redman's first ever piano-less trio record, "Back East", featuring Joshua alongside three bass and drum rhythm sections (Larry Grenadier & Ali Jackson, Christian McBride & Brian Blade, Reuben Rogers & Eric Harland) and three guest saxophonists (Chris Cheek, Joe Lovano and Dewey Redman).
Joshua Redman : He began jamming and gigging regularly with some of the leading jazz musicians of his generation and that of his father, including Brad Mehldau, Peter Martin, Mark Turner, Peter Bernstein, Roy Hargrove, Christian McBride, Kevin Hays, Jorge Rossy, Pat Metheny, Charlie Haden and Billy Higgins, among others.
Kiko Veneno : They released an album in 1995 entitled "¿Qué es lo que quieres de mí?
Kiko Veneno : In September 2005 he released "El Hombre Invisible".
Kiko Veneno : Although not a great hit at the time it is now considered a classic Spanish album.
Kiko Veneno : He was brought up in a military home in Figueres, grew up in Cádiz finally settling down in Seville.
Kiko Veneno : In 1999 he toured Argentina to give a series of concerts which were a critical success.
Kiko Veneno : In 1979 he collaborated with Camarón de la Isla, the famous gypsy flamenco singer, on the classic album "La leyenda del tiempo".
Kiko Veneno : In 1977 they produced the eponymous album "Veneno" produced by Ricardo Pachon.
Kiko Veneno : José María López Sanfeliu (born April 3, 1952 Figueres, Girona), better known by his stage name Kiko Veneno, is a Spanish musician.
Kiko Veneno : In 2006 he formed the group G5 along Los Delinqüentes, Tomasito and Muchachito Bombo Infierno.
Kiko Veneno : During his travels he attended concerts of artists like Frank Zappa, and Bob Dylan which influenced his style.
Kiko Veneno : ".
Kiko Veneno : In 1975 he formed the group Veneno with brothers Rafael and Raimundo Amador.
Kiko Veneno : In 1982 he published his first solo album "Seré Mecánico por Ti", produced by Jose Luis de Carlos, which had a poor commercial performance.
Kiko Veneno : The most successful part of his career started in 1992 when he signed BMG-Ariola and released his albums "Échate un cantecito" (1992) and "Está muy bien eso del cariño", both produced by Joe Dworniak.
Kiko Veneno : In 1992, Kiko sponsored the creation of a group that would be called Mártires del Compás, formed by Chico Ocaña, Raul Rodriguez and Jose Caraoscura.
Kiko Veneno : Disagreements between Ocana and Kiko meant that the group split in two: Ocaña took the name of the group and went solo, and Raul Rodriguez and Jose Caraoscura (Kiko in the background) formed Caraoscura.
Sebastian Larsson : He made three league appearances for the Gunners, before joining Birmingham City, initially on loan for the 2006–07 season, before a permanent transfer in the summer of 2007.
Sebastian Larsson : After beginning his career at hometown club IFK Eskilstuna, Larsson was signed by Arsenal.
Sebastian Larsson : On 22 June 2011, Sunderland confirmed that Larsson would join the club on a free transfer under the Bosman ruling on 1 July.
Michael D. Higgins : In 1993, he joined the Cabinet as Minister for Arts, Culture and the Gaeltacht.
Michael D. Higgins : On 29 October 2011, two days after the presidential election was held, Higgins was declared the winner with a total of 1,007,104 votes, far more than any Irish politician in the history of the republic.
Michael D. Higgins : Michael Daniel Higgins (; born 18 April 1941) is an Irish politician, poet, sociologist, and broadcaster who has served as the ninth President of Ireland since November 2011.
Michael D. Higgins : He is a fluent Irish language speaker and also speaks Spanish.
Michael D. Higgins : He was selected as a candidate for the presidency at a special convention in Dublin on 19 June 2011, beating former senator Kathleen O'Meara and former party adviser Fergus Finlay.
Fernando Marqués : José Fernando Marqués Martínez (born 4 December 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Fernando Marqués : In the 2004–05 season he signed with Racing de Santander, but several bouts of indiscipline made him fall out of favour with the management, and he joined Atlético Madrid on loan in the January transfer window; he spent his first months with the capital side's B-team.
Fernando Marqués : On the 25th, after convincing manager Mauricio Pochettino, he secured a contract for the 2009–10 campaign.
Yoshinori Shigematsu : In May 1958, Shigematsu was selected Japan national team for 1958 Asian Games.
Júlio Baptista : He announced his retirement on 23 May 2019.
Júlio Baptista : On 14 January 2011, Roma announced that the transfer fee was €2.5 million.
Júlio Baptista : He went on to play the 2010 World Cup for Brazil under coach Dunga.
Júlio Baptista : Baptista has 47 caps with Brazil and has netted five goals.
Júlio Baptista : On 23 March 2016, Orlando City SC announced that they had signed Baptista.
Júlio Baptista : Júlio César Clemente Baptista (born 1 October 1981) is a former Brazilian professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or a forward.
Kiyoshi Tomizawa : He played 9 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1965.
Nadeem Aslam : He later studied biochemistry at the University of Manchester, but left in his third year to become a writer.
Nadeem Aslam : The novel took him more than a decade to complete, and won the Encore Award and Kiriyama Prize.
Nadeem Aslam : Nadeem Aslam moved with his family to the UK aged 14 when his father, a Communist, fled President Zia's regime.
Nadeem Aslam : Colm Tóibín described him as "one of the most exciting and serious British novelists writing now".
Nadeem Aslam : His next novel, 2004's "Maps for Lost Lovers", is set in the midst of an immigrant Pakistani community in an English town in the north.
Nadeem Aslam : Nadeem Aslam FRSL (born 11 July 1966 in Gujranwala, Pakistan) is a prize-winning British Pakistani novelist.
Nile Rodgers : Following the September 11th attacks, to start the healing process, Rodgers brought together more than 200 musicians and celebrities to record "We Are Family."
Nile Rodgers : Rodgers collaborated with Lady Gaga to remake Chic's hit, "I Want Your Love" for Tom Ford's Spring/Summer 2016 collection video in lieu of a fashion show.
Nile Rodgers : During the same time period, Chic's song "Good Times" was sampled on The Sugarhill Gang's "Rapper's Delight", the first multiple-platinum hip hop single.
Nile Rodgers : The band scored numerous top ten hits and helped propel disco to new levels of popularity, with "Le Freak", "I Want Your Love", "Everybody Dance", "Dance, Dance, Dance", "My Forbidden Lover", and "Good Times" becoming club/pop/R&B standards.
Nile Rodgers : Rodgers and Edwards reformed Chic in 1992 and recorded new material for the album "Chic-Ism".
Nile Rodgers : They completed one of their last projects together in 1980, writing and producing the album "Diana" for Diana Ross, which yielded the hits "Upside Down" and "I'm Coming Out".
Nile Rodgers : Edwards and Rodgers performed with Sister Sledge, Steve Winwood, and Slash in a series of commemorative concerts in Japan.
Nile Rodgers : Nile Gregory Rodgers Jr. (born September 19, 1952) is an American guitarist, singer-songwriter, record producer, arranger and composer.
Adrián Peralta : Adrián Peralta (born 8 May 1982 in Burzaco) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Deportivo Morón in the Primera B Metropolitana.
Ernest Shonekan : The nation was in economic turmoil.
Ernest Shonekan : Inflation was uncontrollable and most non-oil foreign investment disappeared.
Ernest Shonekan : The government also initiated an audit of the accounts of NNPC, the oil giant, an organisation that had many operational inefficiencies.
Ernest Shonekan : Shonekan tried to set a timetable for troop withdrawal from ECOMOG's peacekeeping mission in Liberia.
Ernest Shonekan : During his few months in power, he tried to create a new timetable for democratic return, while his government was hampered by a national workers' strike.
Ernest Shonekan : Shonekan's administration introduced a bill to repeal three major draconian decrees of the military government.
Ernest Shonekan : Shonekan released political prisoners detained by Babangida.
Ernest Shonekan : Moshood Abiola, the presumed winner of the election vowed to oppose the interim government, and democracy activists of south-west Nigeria (Shonekan's region), considered him an obstacle to country's path to democracy.
Ernest Shonekan : Oloye Ernest Adegunle Oladeinde Shonekan (born 9 May 1936) is a Nigerian statesman, nobleman, lawyer and businessman who was appointed the interim President of Nigeria by General Ibrahim Babangida on 26 August 1993.
Ernest Shonekan : Shonekan had lobbied for debt cancellation but, after the election annulmen, most of the Western powers had imposed economic sanctions on Nigeria.
Nacho Vidal : They have two kids, and divorced in 2015.
Nacho Vidal : He and his wife decided to start a family there.
Nacho Vidal : His nickname, Nacho, is the common nickname for Ignacio.
Nacho Vidal : He had his first daughter with Venezuelan Rosa Castro Camacho.
Nacho Vidal : When he was very young, Jordà moved with his family to Valencia, where part of his family originated.
Nacho Vidal : Vidal became a "protégé" of Rocco Siffredi, who brought him to Hollywood in 1998.
Nacho Vidal : On 31 May 2005, Vidal announced his retirement from pornography and married Colombian model Franceska Jaimes.
Nacho Vidal : In February 2019, a Spanish newspaper stated that Nacho Vidal has HIV.
Nacho Vidal : Ignacio Jordà González, (born 30 December 1973) better known as Nacho Vidal is a Spanish pornographic performer, director, producer, writer, and camera operator.
Johann Tschopp : Johann Tschopp (born 1 July 1982 in Sierre) is a Swiss professional mountain bike racer.
Johann Tschopp : In the Tour of Oman, he took the sixth place in the general classification of a field that included the likes of Chris Froome, Alberto Contador and Joaquim Rodríguez, who finished ahead of him.
José Ramos-Horta : He was sworn in on 10 July.
José Ramos-Horta : He was actively involved in the development of political awareness in Portuguese Timor, which caused him to be exiled for two years in 1970–71 to Portuguese East Africa.
José Ramos-Horta : Ramos-Horta left East Timor three days before the Indonesian troops invaded to plead the Timorese case before the UN.
José Ramos-Horta : A moderate in the emerging Timorese nationalist leadership, he was appointed Foreign Minister in the "Democratic Republic of East Timor" government proclaimed by the pro-independence parties in November 1975.
José Ramos-Horta : Ramos-Horta was the Permanent Representative of Fretilin to the UN for the next ten years.
José Ramos-Horta : He gave a press conference at the airport in which he urged the remaining rebels in the mountains to surrender.
José Ramos-Horta : The Nobel Committee chose to honour the two laureates for their "sustained efforts to hinder the oppression of a small people", hoping that "this award will spur efforts to find a diplomatic solution to the conflict of East Timor based on the people's right to self-determination".
José Ramos-Horta : In December 1996, Ramos-Horta shared the Nobel Peace Prize with fellow Timorese, Bishop Ximenes Belo.
José Ramos-Horta : Ramos-Horta studied Public International Law at the Hague Academy of International Law (1983) and at Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio where he completed a Master of Arts degree in Peace Studies (1984).
José Ramos-Horta : Ramos-Horta was its first Foreign Minister.
John Eliot Gardiner : In 2001 he married Isabella de Sabata, granddaughter of conductor Victor de Sabata.
John Eliot Gardiner : In 1968 he founded the Monteverdi Orchestra.
John Eliot Gardiner : He was married to violinist Elizabeth Wilcock from 1981 to 1997; they have three daughters.
John Eliot Gardiner : After graduating with a master's degree in history, Gardiner continued his musical studies at King's College London under Thurston Dart and in Paris with Nadia Boulanger, whose music had been a very early influence.
John Eliot Gardiner : From 1983 to 1988 he was Music Director of the Opéra National de Lyon.
John Eliot Gardiner : Gardiner has served as chief conductor of the North German Radio Symphony Orchestra and has appeared as guest conductor with such major orchestras as the Berlin Philharmonic, Boston Symphony Orchestra, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, Philharmonia, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and Vienna Philharmonic.
John Eliot Gardiner : In his spare time, Gardiner runs an organic farm at Springhead near Fontmell Magna in North Dorset, which was established by his great uncle, composer Henry Balfour Gardiner.
John Eliot Gardiner : In 1990, Gardiner formed a new period-instrument orchestra, the Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique, to perform music of the 19th century.
John Eliot Gardiner : He then became the lead conductor of Canada's CBC Vancouver Orchestra from 1980 to 1983.
John Eliot Gardiner : From 1991 until 1995 he was principal conductor of the North German Radio Symphony Orchestra.
John Eliot Gardiner : With the Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique Gardiner has performed a wide range of Classical and Romantic music, including many works of Berlioz and all of Beethoven's symphonies.
John Eliot Gardiner : Sir John Eliot Gardiner, CBE HonFBA (born 20 April 1943) is an English conductor, particularly known for his performances of the works of Johann Sebastian Bach and of other baroque music.
Jean Alesi : Jean Alesi (born Giovanni Alesi; 11 June 1964) is a French racing driver of Italian origin.
Jean Alesi : In April 2012, Alesi announced his intent to race in the 2012 Indianapolis 500 with a Lotus engine.
Jacques Tits : He has been a member of the French Academy of Sciences since then.
Jacques Tits : Jacques Tits (; born 12 August 1930 in Uccle) is a Belgium-born French mathematician who works on group theory and incidence geometry.
Jacques Tits : Of particular importance is his classification of all irreducible buildings of spherical type and rank at least three, which involved classifying all polar spaces of rank at least three.
Jacques Tits : His academic career includes professorships at the Free University of Brussels (now split into the Université Libre de Bruxelles and the Vrije Universiteit Brussel) (1962–1964), the University of Bonn (1964–1974) and the Collège de France in Paris, until becoming emeritus in 2000.
Jacques Tits : Tits was an "honorary" member of the Nicolas Bourbaki group; as such, he helped popularize Harold Scott MacDonald Coxeter's work, introducing terms such as Coxeter number, Coxeter group, and Coxeter graph.
Jacques Tits : Another of his well-known theorems is the "Tits alternative": if "G" is a finitely generated subgroup of a linear group, then either "G" has a solvable subgroup of finite index or it has a free subgroup of rank 2.
Jacques Tits : The related theory of (B, N) pairs is a basic tool in the theory of groups of Lie type.
Ken Follett : It also topped best-seller lists in Canada, Britain and Italy, and was on the German best-seller list for six years.
Ken Follett : Follett himself remains a prominent Labour supporter and fundraiser as well as a prominent Blairite.
Ken Follett : He married Mary, in 1968, and their son Emanuele was born in the same year.
Ken Follett : Follett became involved, during the late 1970s, in the activities of Britain's Labour Party.
Ken Follett : He also began writing fiction during evenings and weekends as a hobby.
Ken Follett : She was elected as a Member of Parliament in 1997, representing Stevenage.
Ken Follett : Kenneth Martin Follett, (born 5 June 1949) is a Welsh author of thrillers and historical novels who has sold more than 160 million copies of his works.
Ken Follett : Barred from watching films and television by his Plymouth Brethren parents, he developed an early interest in reading but remained an indifferent student until he entered his teens.
Ken Follett : In the course of his political activities, he met the former Barbara Broer, a Labour Party official, who became his second wife in 1984.
Ken Follett : He won admission in 1967 to University College London, where he studied philosophy and became involved in centre-left politics.
Ken Follett : Success came gradually at first, but the 1978 publication of "Eye of the Needle", which became an international bestseller and sold over 10 million copies, made him both wealthy and internationally famous.
Ken Follett : Follett surprised his readers with his first non-spy thriller, "The Pillars of the Earth" (1989), a novel about building a cathedral in a small English village during the Anarchy in the 12th century.
Ken Follett : After three years in Cardiff, he returned to London as a general-assignment reporter for the "Evening News".
Ken Follett : Finding the work unchallenging, he eventually left journalism for publishing and became, by the late 1970s, deputy managing director of the small London publisher Everest Books.
Michel Sapin : Sapin, a Socialist, has also served as a member of the National Assembly of France.
Michel Sapin : He has served again as such since 2002.
Michel Sapin : He thus became the Minister for the Economy and Finance.
Michel Sapin : He served as Minister of Finance from 1992 to 1993 and from 2014 to 2017, and he was Minister of the Civil Service from 2000 to 2002 and Minister of Labour, Employment and Social Affairs from 2012 to 2014.
Michel Sapin : in History and an MPhil in Geography.
Michel Sapin : Michel Sapin (; born 9 April 1952, Boulogne-Billancourt) is a former French politician.
Michel Sapin : He attended the Lycée Henri IV, followed by Paris-Sorbonne University, where he received a B.A.
Michel Sapin : He then attended the École Normale Supérieure, the Institut d'études politiques de Paris, and the École nationale d'administration.
Álvaro Recoba : He played at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Álvaro Recoba : During the same month, he was accused of carrying a fake passport and lost the Italian nationality he had received in 1999.
Álvaro Recoba : In January 2001, he renewed his contract with the club until 30 June 2006.
Álvaro Recoba : However, his performances have been disappointing due to injuries and lack of playing time; he did not make the expected impact despite a solid start to the season, and finished the season out of the club's starting 11.
Álvaro Recoba : He scored the only goal in the final game of 2011–12 Campeonato Uruguayo against Defensor Sporting Club on 16 June 2012.
Álvaro Recoba : He finished the season with five goals and seven assists, despite continuous fitness problems.
Álvaro Recoba : Álvaro Alexánder Recoba Rivero (; born 17 March 1976; nickname "El Chino") is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a forward or midfielder.
Álvaro Recoba : After his tenure at Venezia, Recoba returned to Inter.
Álvaro Recoba : He made his debut in a 2–1 win against Aris on 18 October 2008.
Álvaro Recoba : In his next match, Recoba inspired Panionios to a 5–2 away win against Ergotelis, where he scored two goals.
Álvaro Recoba : The occasion was an exhibition game, organized by Nacional, between one team of current and former Nacional players, with Hugo de León, Felipe Revelez, "Cacique" Medina, among others, and a team of "Amigos del Chino" which included international stars Juan Román Riquelme, Christian Vieri, Carlos Valderrama, Juan Sebastián Verón and Iván Zamorano.
Gijs van Lennep : They set a distance record, covering , which remained unbeaten until 2010.
Gijs van Lennep : He is a member of the untitled Dutch nobility with the honorific, Jonkheer.
Gijs van Lennep : Gijsbert van Lennep (born 16 March 1942, in Aerdenhout, North Holland) is a Dutch esquire and former racing driver who competed in eight Formula One races.
Gijs van Lennep : In 1973, he won the last Targa Florio, sharing the Martini Porsche Carrera RSR with Herbert Müller.
Gijs van Lennep : Also in 1971, the "Stichting Autoraces Nederland" (Foundation for Car races in the Netherlands) hired a Surtees TS7 for him to make his F1 debut in his home GP where he finished a creditable eighth in a very wet GP.
Gijs van Lennep : The following year Van Lennep won the 1972 Rothmans European Formula 5000 Championship driving a Surtees TS11 and a McLaren M18.
Gijs van Lennep : He continued with sportscar racing, sharing a Porsche 936 Turbo with Jacky Ickx to win Le Mans 24 for a second time in 1976, before retiring from racing.
Gijs van Lennep : He shared the number 22 Martini Racing Porsche 917K with Helmut Marko, winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1971.
Gijs van Lennep : He also drove twice for the Williams GP team, earning his first World Championship point with sixth place in the 1973 Dutch Grand Prix.
Alan Kendall : Kendall uses a Fender Stratocaster and can be seen in several live performances with this type of guitar.
Alan Kendall : Though several albums were released by the Brothers Gibb after Kendall joined it, their major success came with the release of the "".
Alan Kendall : Alan Kendall (born 9 September 1944, in Darwen, Lancashire) is an English musician and was the lead guitarist for the popular band the Bee Gees, in an unofficial capacity from 1971 until 1980, and again from 1987 until 2001.
Alan Kendall : With the Bee Gees, Kendall appeared on The Tonight Show, Late Night with David Letterman, Oprah Winfrey, a Command Performance for the Queen of the United Kingdom, as well as numerous other live performances.
George Packer : George Packer (born August 13, 1960) is an American journalist, novelist, and playwright.
George Packer : In November 2013, "The Unwinding" received the National Book Award for Nonfiction.
Marco Navas : Navas' younger brother, Jesús, was also a footballer and a midfielder.
Marco Navas : Marco Antonio Navas González (born 21 September 1982) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Félix Cárdenas : He crossed the line solo in Ax-les-Thermes, with Roberto Laiseka and Lance Armstrong rounding the podium.
Félix Cárdenas : Félix Rafael Cárdenas Ravalo (born November 24, 1973 in Encino, Santander) is a Colombian former road bicycle racer, who competed both as an amateur and as a professional between 1995 and 2014.
Félix Cárdenas : In the 2001 Tour de France, Cardenas took one of the biggest victory of his career on the mountainous stage 12.
Benigno Aquino III : He was subsequently re-elected to the House in 2001 and 2004.
Benigno Aquino III : Three of Aquino's four security escorts were killed, and the last was wounded protecting him.
Benigno Aquino III : He himself was hit by five bullets, one of which is still embedded in his neck.
Benigno Aquino III : This groundswell of support became known as the "Noynoy Phenomenon".
Benigno Aquino III : From 1993 to 1998, he worked for Central Azucarera de Tarlac, the sugar refinery in the Cojuangco-owned Hacienda Luisita.
Benigno Aquino III : He later joined Mondragon Industries Philippines, Inc. as an assistant Retail Sales Supervisor and assistant promotions manager for Nike Philippines, Inc.
Benigno Aquino III : He is the third of the five children of Benigno S. Aquino, Jr., who was then the Vice Governor of Tarlac province, and Corazon Cojuangco, daughter of a prominent Tarlac businessman.
Benigno Aquino III : On June 9, 2010, at the Batasang Pambansa Complex, in Quezon City, the Congress of the Philippines proclaimed Aquino as the President-elect of the Philippines, following the 2010 election with 15,208,678 votes, while Jejomar Binay, the former mayor of Makati City, was proclaimed as the Vice President-elect of the Philippines with 14,645,574 votes, defeating runner-up for the vice presidency Mar Roxas, the standard-bearer of the Liberal Party for vice president.
Benigno Aquino III : Aquino finished his Bachelor of Arts (major in economics) from Ateneo de Manila University in 1981, He was one of the students of former professor of economics at Ateneo de Manila University, former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
Benigno Aquino III : On August 28, 1987, eighteen months into the presidency of Aquino's mother, rebel soldiers led by Gregorio Honasan staged an unsuccessful coup attempt, attempting to lay siege to Malacañang Palace.
Benigno Aquino III : Benigno Simeon Cojuangco Aquino III (born February 8, 1960) is a Filipino politician who served as the 15th President of the Philippines from 2010 until 2016.
Rick Hoffman : (2007–2009).
Rick Hoffman : His first child, a son, was born in December 2014.
Rick Hoffman : Hoffman was raised Jewish.
Rick Hoffman : Rick Edward Hoffman (born June 12, 1970) is an American actor.
Rick Hoffman : Hoffman is originally from New York City.
Rick Hoffman : After graduating, he moved to Los Angeles, California, to start an acting career.
Rick Hoffman : He is best known for playing Louis Litt in the legal drama series "Suits".
Rick Hoffman : Hoffman was cast in his first role, as a security guard in "Conspiracy Theory", in 1997.
Rick Hoffman : In 2011, he landed a starring role as Louis Litt in the USA Network series "Suits", which has continued ever since.
Rick Hoffman : His TV/film work includes "The Day After Tomorrow", "Blood Work", "Hostel", "Cellular" and "The Condemned".
Rick Hoffman : Hoffman was born in New York City and grew up in Roslyn Heights, New York.
Rick Hoffman : He has also appeared as a guest in "", "Chuck", "The Pretender", "", "NCIS", "Crossing Jordan", "Without a Trace", "The Practice", "", "", "Shark", "Lie to Me", "Monk" and "The Mentalist".
Rick Hoffman : He graduated from The Wheatley School in Old Westbury, New York, before attending the University of Arizona.
Alvin Ceccoli : Alvin Warren Ceccoli (; born 5 August 1974 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian footballer who played for three A-League clubs (Sydney FC, Central Coast Mariners and Adelaide United) and was capped internationally for Australia.
Martin Seligman : He is the founding editor-in-chief of "Prevention and Treatment" (the APA electronic journal) and is on the board of advisers of "Parents" magazine.
Martin Seligman : He was educated at a public school and at The Albany Academy.
Martin Seligman : Seligman has written about positive psychology topics in books such as "The Optimistic Child", "Child's Play", "Learned Optimism", "Authentic Happiness" and "Flourish".
Martin Seligman : Seligman was born in Albany, New York to a Jewish family.
Martin Seligman : Martin Elias Pete Seligman (; born August 12, 1942) is an American psychologist, educator, and author of self-help books.
Martin Seligman : He turned down a scholarship to study analytic philosophy at Oxford University, and animal experimental psychology at the University of Pennsylvania, and accepted an offer to attend the University of Pennsylvania to study psychology.
Kazuya Maekawa : Maekawa was capped 17 times for the Japanese national team from 1992 to 1996.
Grischa Niermann : Following his retirement after the 2012 Vuelta a España, he became part of the coaching staff at .
Grischa Niermann : Grischa Niermann (born 3 November 1975 in Hannover) is a German former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 1999 and 2012.
Damien Jurado : (2003), "On My Way to Absence", (2005) "And Now That I'm in Your Shadow" (2006) and the rockier "Caught in the Trees" (2008).
Damien Jurado : He often makes use of found sound and field recording techniques, and has experimented with different forms of tape recordings.
Damien Jurado : It was his last album for Sub Pop, and was a much rockier, electric affair.
Damien Jurado : He has collaborated extensively with Richard Swift.
Damien Jurado : Over the years, he has released albums on Sub Pop, Secretly Canadian and currently on Mama Bird Recording Co. and Loose.
Damien Jurado : Also released in 2000 was "Ghost of David", Jurado's bleakest and most personal sounding record to date.
Damien Jurado : In January 2014 Jurado released "Brothers and Sisters of the Eternal Son" an album which marked the third straight collaboration with producer Richard Swift.
Damien Jurado : In 2000 he released "Postcards and Audio Letters", a collection of found audio letters and fragments that he had found from sources such as thrift store tape players and answering machines.
Damien Jurado : Damien Jurado is an American singer-songwriter from Seattle, Washington, United States.
Damien Jurado : "I Break Chairs" (2002) was produced by long-time friend, Pedro the Lion's David Bazan.
Damien Jurado : Jurado appears on the tracks "Almost Home" and "The Dogs" on Moby's album "Innocents".
Damien Jurado : On February 21, 2012 he released his 10th studio album, "Maraqopa", his sixth for Secretly Canadian.
Damien Jurado : After signing for the Indiana-based label Secretly Canadian, Jurado reverted to his trademark folk ballad-based style, releasing four more albums: "Where Shall You Take Me?"
Damien Jurado : After two 7-inch releases ("Motorbike" and "Trampoline") Sub Pop issued his first full album, "Waters Ave S." in 1997.
Damien Jurado : He is also featured in an episode of the BYUtv music documentary series "Audio-Files".
Damien Jurado : Jurado's solo career began during the mid-1990s, releasing lo-fi folk based recordings on his own cassette-only label, Casa Recordings.
Damien Jurado : Jurado's song "Everything Trying" appeared in the NBC series "The Blacklist" (Season 1, episode 12) and in the 2013 Best Foreign Film Oscar film "The Great Beauty".
Damien Jurado : Gaining a local cult following in Seattle, he was brought to the attention of Sub Pop Records by Sunny Day Real Estate singer Jeremy Enigk.
Damien Jurado : In 2009, Jurado teamed with his brother Drake to issue an LP under the moniker "Hoquiam", released on February 23, 2010.
Damien Jurado : After touring the album with Kay Kay and His Weathered Underground, Jurado began work on his next album.
Ross Hutchins : Hutchins' 2011 year-end ranking was No.43 in the world.
Ross Hutchins : Ross Dan Hutchins (born 22 February 1985) is a retired British professional tennis player, known best as a doubles player, who achieved a highest doubles ranking of 26.
Ross Hutchins : In December, Hutchins made his debut at the Statoil Masters Tennis, held at the Royal Albert Hall, teaming up with Jamie Murray in the doubles.
José Blanco López : He was appointed Minister of Public Works and Transport in a cabinet reshuffle on 7 April 2009, replacing Magdalena Álvarez.
José Blanco López : He was the deputy general of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and was the Minister of Public Works and Transport from 2009 to 2011.
José Blanco López : José Blanco López (born 6 February 1962), also known as Pepe Blanco, is a Spanish socialist politician.
Dennis Lehane : In 2010 Lehane published "Moonlight Mile", his sixth book in the Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro series, and his first of that genre in 11 years.
Dennis Lehane : Lehane's novel "Mystic River" was adapted as a film in 2003; also called "Mystic River" and directed by Clint Eastwood, it starred Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, and Kevin Bacon (Lehane can be briefly seen waving from a car in the parade scene at the end of the film).
Ryan McGinley : There's that fine line.'"
Ryan McGinley : 'I was wasting time, and so I started making pictures happen.
Ryan McGinley : 'I got to the point where I couldn’t wait for the pictures to happen anymore,' he said.
Ryan McGinley : But then he began to direct the activities, photographing his subjects in a cinema-verite mode.
Ryan McGinley : They are savvy about visual culture, acutely aware of how identity can be not only communicated but created.
Ryan McGinley : In 1998, he moved to the East Village, and covered the walls of his apartment with Polaroid pictures of everyone who visited him there.
Ryan McGinley : [...] His subjects are performing for the camera and exploring themselves with an acute self-awareness that is decidedly contemporary.
Ryan McGinley : He enrolled as a graphic design student at Parsons School of Design in New York in 1997.
Ryan McGinley : Kluger, writing in "Time" magazine, said, "But his favorite subject remains youth, as his 2008 exhibit, 'I Know Where the Summer Goes,' proves.
Ryan McGinley : In 2007 McGinley exhibited "Irregular Regulars" at Team Gallery in SoHo.
Ryan McGinley : In that collection, McGinley's troupe travels the country as he photographs them, sometimes clothed and often not, while they leap fences, lounge in a desert, play together in a tree."
Ryan McGinley : Since 2004, McGinley's style has evolved from documenting his friends in real-life situations towards creating envisioned situations that can be photographed.
Ryan McGinley : In 2008 he exhibited "I Know Where the Summer Goes", also at Team Gallery.
Ryan McGinley : Art critic David Velasco, in his review of the show, wrote, "McGinley went on a two-year road trip, traveling to dozens of Morrissey concerts in the US, the UK, and Mexico.
Ryan McGinley : From an early age his peers and mentors were skateboarders, graffiti artists, musicians, and artists that were considered to be on the fringes of society.
Ryan McGinley : McGinley's early work was primarily shot on 35mm film and using Yashica T4s and Leica R8s.
Ryan McGinley : In 2003, at the age of 25, he was one of the youngest artists to have a solo show at the Whitney Museum of American Art.
Ryan McGinley : McGinley had his first public exhibition in 2000 at 420 West Broadway in Manhattan in a DIY opening.
Ryan McGinley : The resultant photos, many of which are densely saturated in the concerts’ colored lights, feature candid shots of fans, regularly zooming in for seductive close-ups of enamored youngsters—a celebration of the ecstatic cult of fame and its ardent enablers."
Ryan McGinley : In an essay about McGinley, Wolf wrote, "The skateboarders, musicians, graffiti artists and gay people in Mr. McGinley's early work 'know what it means to be photographed.
Ryan McGinley : McGinley has been long time friends with fellow Lower Manhattan artists Dan Colen and the late Dash Snow.
Ryan McGinley : McGinley was born in Ramsey, New Jersey, and is the youngest of eight children.
Ryan McGinley : Ariel Levy, writing in "New York" magazine about McGinley's friend and collaborator, Snow, said, "People fall in love with McGinleyʼs work because it tells a story about liberation and hedonism: Where Goldin and Larry Clark were saying something painful and anxiety producing about Kids and what happens when they take drugs and have sex in an ungoverned urban underworld, McGinley started out announcing that 'The Kids Are Alright,' fantastic, really, and suggested that a gleeful, unfettered subculture was just around the corner—'still'—if only you knew where to look."
Ryan McGinley : He has also had solo shows at MoMA P.S.1 in New York (2004), and at the MUSAC in Leon, Spain (2005).
Ryan McGinley : Ryan McGinley (born October 17, 1977) is an American photographer living in New York City.
Guillermo Amor : Benfica).
Guillermo Amor : Released from hospital after only a week, he later fully recovered.
Guillermo Amor : Guillermo Amor Martínez (; born 4 December 1967) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a versatile midfielder.
Dikembe Mutombo : I didn't know the President was going to say such great remarks."
Dikembe Mutombo : His efforts earned him the NBA's J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award in 2001 and 2009.
Dikembe Mutombo : He speaks English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, and five Central African varieties, including Lingala and Tshiluba.
Dikembe Mutombo : Mutombo is a spokesman for the international relief agency, CARE and is the first Youth Emissary for the United Nations Development Program.
Dikembe Mutombo : Mutombo also achieved a certain level of on-court notoriety.
Dikembe Mutombo : To avoid the technical foul, Mutombo took to waving his finger at the crowd after a block, which is not considered taunting by rules.
Dikembe Mutombo : In October 2003, he signed a two-year deal with the New York Knicks.
Dikembe Mutombo : They have six children, four of whom are adopted.
Dikembe Mutombo : The 1993–94 season saw Denver continue to improve with Mutombo as the franchise cornerstone.
Dikembe Mutombo : After the 1995–96 NBA season, Mutombo signed a 5-year, $55 million free agent contract with the Atlanta Hawks.
Dikembe Mutombo : He spoke almost no English when he arrived at Georgetown and studied in the ESL program.
Dikembe Mutombo : In honor of his humanitarianism, Mutombo was invited to President George W. Bush's 2007 State of the Union Address and was referred to as a "son of the Congo" by the President in his speech.
Dikembe Mutombo : He was also an eight-time All-Star and was elected into three All-NBA and six All-Defensive Teams.
Dikembe Mutombo : Mutombo attended Georgetown University on a USAID scholarship.
Dikembe Mutombo : His nephew Mfiondu Kabengele played college basketball at Florida State University and was the 2018-19 ACC Sixth Man of the Year.
Dikembe Mutombo : Prior to the 2004–05 season, the Bulls traded Mutombo to the Houston Rockets for Mike Wilks, Eric Piatkowski and Adrian Griffin.
Dikembe Mutombo : In 1991, he graduated with bachelor's degrees in linguistics and diplomacy.
Dikembe Mutombo : As a rookie, Mutombo was selected for the All-Star team and averaged 16.6 points, 12.3 rebounds, and nearly three blocks per game.
Dikembe Mutombo : Dikembe Mutombo Mpolondo Mukamba Jean-Jacques Wamutombo (born June 25, 1966) is a Congolese American retired professional basketball player.
Dikembe Mutombo : Additionally, his flailing elbows were known for injuring several NBA players, including Michael Jordan, Dennis Rodman, Charles Oakley, Patrick Ewing, Chauncey Billups, Ray Allen, Yao Ming, LeBron James and Tracy McGrady.
Dikembe Mutombo : At the February 2001 trade deadline, the Hawks traded Mutombo to the Eastern Conference-leading Philadelphia 76ers, along with Roshown McLeod, in exchange for Pepe Sánchez, Toni Kukoč, Nazr Mohammed, and injured center Theo Ratliff.
Dikembe Mutombo : On January 10, 2007, he surpassed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar as the second most prolific shot blocker in NBA history, behind only Hakeem Olajuwon.
Philip Stanton : His work has been published and translated into English, Spanish, French, Dutch, Catalan, and Italian.
Philip Stanton : His work has received a number of design and illustration awards in Spain including: 12 Laus awards, the Apel.les Mestres prize for children's literature and the Junceda illustration prize from the Catalan professional illustrator's association APIC.
Philip Stanton : He is the author and illustrator of “”, a series of children's books published in Spain by Grupo SM.
Philip Stanton : Philip Stanton (born 1962) is an American artist and author based in Barcelona, Spain, director of the design group Stanton Studio, whose works include multimedia design projects and urban installations.
Philip Stanton : Since 1988 Stanton has participated in more than 60 solo and group exhibitions and has collaborated with newspapers and magazines (his covers for the cultural section of Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia were awarded prizes by the ADGFAD and included in the 1992 European Illustration/Illustration Now annual), as well as with a number of Spanish and international companies.
Philip Stanton : Stanton is also head of the postgraduate illustration program and professor of illustration at the EINA Art & Design School in Barcelona.
Philip Stanton : As an illustrator of books for children and adults he has published more than 40 titles including collaborations with authors , Jordi Sierra i Fabra, Ray Bradbury, Lee Bennett Hopkins, J. Patrick Lewis, Naguib Mahfouz, , Tomàs Garcés and Jorge Zentner.
Philip Stanton : He is the author of a number of urban installations including: Palau Robert (1997–98), l'Aquàrium de Barcelona (1998), the inauguration ceremony of the European cup final (1999) in Barcelona, the set design of the internacional concert tour "Serrat-Tarrés" of Joan Manuel Serrat (2000), The construction wall during the building of the Agbar tower of architect Jean Nouvel (2001), the decoration of the Sagrada Família subway station (2002), the facade of PG45 (2006) and the parade floats of the holiday parade “Cabalgata de reyes” (2007) of the Barcelona city government.
Rodolfo Massi : He won a stage in 1996 Giro d'Italia and 1998 Tour de France, but was expelled from the 1998 Tour de France after illegal doping was found in his hotel room.
Anurag Kashyap : They divorced in 2009.
Anurag Kashyap : In May 2015, they were divorced at the Bandra family court in Mumbai.
Anurag Kashyap : In 2013, Kashyap and Koechlin announced that: "they are taking time apart from their more than two-year-old marriage."
Anurag Kashyap : Kashyap was first married to film editor Aarti Bajaj, with whom he has a daughter.
Anurag Kashyap : He then eventually joined a street theatre group, "Jana Natya Manch"; and did many street plays.
Anurag Kashyap : Anurag Kashyap (born 10 September 1972) is an Indian Bollywood film director, writer, editor, producer and actor known for his works in Hindi cinema.
Anurag Kashyap : His feature film debut "Black Friday" won the "Grand Jury Prize" at the 3rd Annual Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles, and was a nominee for the Golden Leopard (Best Film) Award at the 57th Locarno International Film Festival.
Anurag Kashyap : He later married actress Kalki Koechlin, whom he first met during the making of "Dev D", at her maternal home in Ooty.
Anurag Kashyap : He then went on to direct "Black Friday" (2007), a film based on the by Hussain Zaidi about the 1993 Bombay bombings.
Anurag Kashyap : In these years, he also wrote dialogues for many films including "Paisa Vasool" (2004), Mani Ratnam's "Yuva" (2004), the Canadian film "Water" (2005), "Main Aisa Hi Hoon" (2005) and "Mixed Doubles" (2006).
Larry Bird : It was the first time in the United States' Olympic history that the country sent professional basketball players to compete.
Larry Bird : Bird has said that being poor as a child still motivates him "to this day".
Larry Bird : Shortly afterwards, NBA draft eligibility rules were changed to prevent teams from drafting players before they were ready to sign, a rule known as the Bird Collegiate Rule.
Larry Bird : Nonetheless, during the final years of his career, Bird maintained his status as one of the premier players in the game.
Larry Bird : Despite the intensity of their rivalry, Bird and Johnson became friends off the court.
Larry Bird : Bird's 1988–89 season season ended after six games when he had bone spurs surgically removed from both of his heels.
Larry Bird : Bird was voted to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team in 1996, was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1998, and was inducted into the Hall of Fame again in 2010 as a member of the "Dream Team".
Larry Bird : Bird's humble roots were the source of his most frequently used moniker, "The Hick from French Lick".
Larry Bird : After the 2011–2012 NBA season, Bird was named NBA Executive of the Year, becoming the only man in NBA history to win the NBA MVP, Coach of the Year and Executive of the Year.
Larry Bird : Between them, Bird and Johnson captured eight NBA championships during the 1980s, with Magic getting five and Bird three.
Larry Bird : He was named the NBA Coach of the Year for his efforts.
Larry Bird : The Celtics employed Bird as a special assistant in the team's front office from 1992 until 1997.
Larry Bird : Johnson appeared at Bird's retirement ceremony on February 4, 1993 and emotionally described Bird as a "friend forever".
Larry Bird : The apparent contrast between the two players and their respective teams seemed scripted for television: Bird, the introverted small-town hero with the blue-collar work ethic, fit perfectly with the throwback, hard-nosed style of the Celtics, while the stylish, gregarious Johnson ran the Lakers' fast-paced Showtime offense amidst the bright lights and celebrities of Los Angeles.
Larry Bird : Bird was born in West Baden Springs, Indiana, to Georgia (née Kerns) and Claude Joseph "Joe" Bird, a veteran of the Korean War.
Larry Bird : Bird won three consecutive regular-season MVP awards; as of 2016, the only other players to accomplish this feat are Bill Russell and Wilt Chamberlain.
Larry Bird : Bird returned to the Pacers as president of basketball operations in 2013.
Larry Bird : Boston fell behind 3–1 to start the series but won the next three games to advance to the Finals against the Houston Rockets, winning in six games and earning Bird his first championship.
Larry Bird : In his final three seasons with the Celtics, Bird averaged over 20 points, 9 rebounds and 7 assists per game, shot better than 45% from the field, and led the Celtics to playoff appearances.
Larry Bird : In 1987, the Celtics made their last Finals appearance of Bird's career, fighting through difficult series against the Milwaukee Bucks and Detroit Pistons.
Larry Bird : Before the 1980–81 season, the Celtics selected forward Kevin McHale in the draft and acquired center Robert Parish from the Golden State Warriors, forming a Hall of Fame trio for years to come; the frontcourt of Bird, McHale, and Parish is regarded as one of the greatest frontcourts in NBA history.
Sadrac González-Perellón : One fine day, the girl finds a strange cubic device in the woods that will allow her to change the past.
Sadrac González-Perellón : After studying Art and Drawing, he began shooting several short films presented in festivals around the world.
Sadrac González-Perellón : The film is presented in Frontiéres in the Cannes Film Festival.
Sadrac González-Perellón : In 2018 he made his first film as a producer, "House of Sweat and Tears", directed by Sonia Escolano.
Sadrac González-Perellón : Sadrac González-Perellón is a Spanish film director, screenwriter and film producer born in Madrid in 1983.
Sadrac González-Perellón : In 2009, he co-directed and wrote the art-house feature film "Myna Has Gone" alongside Sonia Escolano, which tells the story of a young illegal immigrant and the problems that she has to face in Spain.
Sadrac González-Perellón : Subsequently, the movie got to enter in the official section of one of the most important film festivals in the world, the Fantastic Fest, in Austin, United States.
Sadrac González-Perellón : In 2017, after returning from a retirement in France, he shot the feature film "Black Hollow Cage", a sci-fi drama that tells the story of Alice, a girl traumatized by the loss of her arm that lives in an isolated house in the woods with the only company of her father and a wolf dog.
Sadrac González-Perellón : "Black Hollow Cage" won the Jury's Prize in Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival in Korea, the most important genre festival in Asia.
Sadrac González-Perellón : It also was part of Official Selection in Athensfest, Les Rencontres des Cinémas d'Europe, at France, o el The Bronx Independent, at New York, among other film festivals.
Peter Bagge : Peter Bagge (pronounced , as in "bag"; born December 11, 1957) is an American cartoonist whose best-known work includes the comics "Hate" and "Neat Stuff".
Peter Bagge : Bagge sent copies of "Comical Funnies" to underground comics legend Robert Crumb, who published some Bagge strips in the anthology Crumb was editing, "Weirdo".
Michel Camilo : Michel Camilo (born April 4, 1954) is a Grammy-award winning pianist and composer from Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
Djimon Hounsou : The two emphasized that the ceremony was not a wedding.
Djimon Hounsou : He moved to the United States in 1990.
Djimon Hounsou : In 1987, Hounsou became a model and established a career in Paris.
Djimon Hounsou : (2019).
Djimon Hounsou : He emigrated to Lyon in France at the age of twelve with his brother, Edmond.
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou was born in Cotonou, Benin, to Albertine and Pierre Hounsou, a cook.
Djimon Hounsou : In 2011, he starred as a French commando in the French film "Forces spéciales".
Djimon Hounsou : The couple were adorned in traditional clothing and used the ceremony, in the presence of Hounsou's family, to solidify that they are "dedicated to each other 100%".
Djimon Hounsou : He gained further notice as Juba in the 2000 film "Gladiator".
Djimon Hounsou : On 24 February 2007, it was announced that Hounsou would be the new Calvin Klein underwear model.
Djimon Hounsou : A chance meeting with a photographer led to Hounsou being introduced to fashion designer Thierry Mugler, who encouraged Hounsou to pursue a modeling career.
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou and Simmons, who were never legally married in the United States, announced their separation in November 2012.
Djimon Hounsou : Director Tim Story told IGN that if he were to do a third "Fantastic Four" film, he would like to have Hounsou as the Black Panther.
Djimon Hounsou : In 2007, Hounsou began dating model Kimora Lee Simmons.
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou and Simmons visited Hounsou's family in his native Benin in the summer of 2008, where the two participated in a traditional commitment ceremony.
Djimon Hounsou : In 2004, Hounsou was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "In America", making him the fourth African male to be nominated for an Oscar.
Djimon Hounsou : In the début of Kimora Lee Simmons' show, "", he was billed as her husband.
Djimon Hounsou : Djimon Gaston Hounsou (; ; born 24 April 1964) is a Beninese-American actor and model.
Djimon Hounsou : In 2006, he won the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "Blood Diamond"; he received Broadcast Film Critics Association, Screen Actors Guild Award, and Academy Award nominations for this performance.
Djimon Hounsou : Between 1989 and 1991, Hounsou appeared in the music videos for "Straight Up" by Paula Abdul, "Love Will Never Do (Without You)" by Janet Jackson, and Madonna's "Express Yourself".
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou acted in a supporting role in the 2009 science fiction film "Push", as Agent Henry Carver.
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou received wide critical acclaim and a Golden Globe Award nomination for his role as Cinqué in the 1997 Steven Spielberg film "Amistad".
Djimon Hounsou : Hounsou had signed on to play Abdiel in the film version of John Milton's "Paradise Lost" with Benjamin Walker and Bradley Cooper.
Anselm Kiefer : He studied at the University of Freiburg, studying pre-law and Romance languages.
Anselm Kiefer : In 1969, at Galerie am Kaiserplatz, Karlsruhe, he presented his first single exhibition "Besetzungen (Occupations)" with a series of photographs about controversial political actions.
Anselm Kiefer : In the years that followed, he incorporated German mythology in particular in his work, and in the next decade he studied the Kabbalah, as well as Qabalists like Robert Fludd.
Anselm Kiefer : It is also characteristic of his work to find signatures and/or names of people of historical importance, legendary figures or historical places.
Anselm Kiefer : Themes from Nazi rule are particularly reflected in his work; for instance, the painting "Margarethe" (oil and straw on canvas) was inspired by Paul Celan's well-known poem ""Todesfuge"" (""Death Fugue"").
Anselm Kiefer : In his entire body of work, Kiefer argues with the past and addresses taboo and controversial issues from recent history.
Anselm Kiefer : Comprehensive solo exhibitions of Kiefer's work have been organized by the Kunsthalle Düsseldorf (1984); Art Institute of Chicago (1987); Sezon Museum of Art in Tokyo (1993); Neue Nationalgalerie in Berlin (1991); Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York (1998); Fondation Beyeler in Basel (2001); the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth (2005); the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington D.C. (2006); the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao (2007).
Anselm Kiefer : Anselm Kiefer (born 8 March 1945) is a German painter and sculptor.
Markus Zberg : Markus Zberg (born June 27, 1974 in Altdorf, Uri) is a retired Swiss professional road bicycle racer; he is the younger brother of Beat Zberg.
Albert Celades : Albert Celades López (born 29 September 1975) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the manager of Valencia CF.
Albert Celades : On 7 May 2014, after Julen Lopetegui left for FC Porto, Celades was named manager of the Spanish under-21s after leaving the under-16 team.
Albert Celades : On 11 September 2019, Celades became manager of Valencia CF following the dismissal of Marcelino García Toral.
Albert Celades : From 2005 to 2008, Celades represented Real Zaragoza.
Bob Pettit : Louis Hawks (1954–1965).
Bob Pettit : During those three years, Pettit averaged 27.8 points per game.
Bob Pettit : After the season, the Hawks moved to St. Louis.
Bob Pettit : He played 11 seasons in the NBA, all with the Milwaukee/St.
Bob Pettit : In 1970, he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Bob Pettit : In the following season, he scored a career best 31.1 points per game, but the Hawks slipped to fourth place.
Bob Pettit : Both teams would later meet in the 1960 and 1961 Finals, with Boston winning each time.
Bob Pettit : His father, Sheriff of East Baton Rouge Parish (1932–1936), pushed him to practice in the backyard of the Kemmerly house until he improved his skills.
Bob Pettit : After high school, Pettit had scholarship offers from 14 universities but he accepted a scholarship to play at Louisiana State University (LSU).
Bob Pettit : He never finished below seventh in the NBA scoring race and no other retired player in NBA history other than Pettit and Alex Groza (who played only two seasons) has averaged "more" than 20 points per game in every season they've played (note: Michael Jordan averaged "exactly" 20 points per game in his final season).
Bob Pettit : He was a three-time All-Southeastern Conference selection and a two-time All-American as a member of the LSU men's basketball team.
Bob Pettit : Pettit's basketball career had humble beginnings, at Baton Rouge High School, he was cut from the varsity basketball team as both a freshman and sophomore.
Bob Pettit : As a 6-7 senior, he led Baton Rouge High to its first State Championship in over 20 years.
Bob Pettit : Robert Lee Pettit Jr. (born December 12, 1932) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Bob Pettit : He was also a member of the Zeta Zeta Chapter of Delta Kappa Epsilon at LSU.
Bob Pettit : Pettit averaged at least 20 points per game and at least 12 rebounds per game in each of his 11 NBA seasons.
Bob Pettit : In 1954, the Milwaukee Hawks selected Pettit second in the first round of the NBA Draft after the Baltimore Bullets' selection of Frank Selvy.
Bob Pettit : Pettit was an NBA All-Star in each of his 11 seasons, was named to the All-NBA First Team ten times, and was named to the All-NBA Second Team once.
Bob Pettit : In the 1960–61 season, Pettit averaged 27.9 points per game and pulled down 20.3 rebounds per game, making him one of only five players to ever break the 20 rpg barrier.
Bob Pettit : His 12,849 rebounds were second most in league history at the time he retired, and his 16.2 rebounds per game career average remains third only to Wilt Chamberlain and Bill Russell.
Bob Pettit : Retooling before the 1956–57 season, the Hawks acquired Ed Macauley and rookie Cliff Hagan from the Boston Celtics for the draft rights to Bill Russell.
Bob Pettit : Pettit won his first scoring title with a 25.7 average, and led the league in rebounding (1164 for a 16.2 average).
Bob Pettit : He was the first NBA player to eclipse the 20,000 points mark (20,880 for a 26.4 average).
Alex Kendrick : He has co-authored several best-selling books with his brother Stephen, including "The Love Dare", which appeared for 131 weeks on "The New York Times" Paperback Advice & Misc.
Alex Kendrick : Upon reading a survey stating that films had become more influential than churches, Kendrick set out to change the perception of movies in mainstream America.
Alex Kendrick : In 2002, he founded Sherwood Pictures, a movie-creating entity, which produced "Flywheel" (2003), "Facing the Giants" (2006), "Fireproof" (2008), and "Courageous" (2011).
Alex Kendrick : From 1999 to 2014, Kendrick was an associate pastor at Sherwood Baptist Church, in Albany, Georgia.
Alex Kendrick : He co-wrote (with brother Stephen Kendrick), directed and acted in all four movies Sherwood Pictures has produced.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : He was released at the end of 2005 when he could not make the first team.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Ari started his career at Valur.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : At the start of the 2012 season he became captain of the club.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : He was selected for EURO 2016.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : In 2012, he started getting more frequent callups from new national team manager Lars Lagerbäck.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Although relegated to the Swedish second tier, the club competed in the UEFA Cup qualifiers the following year because of their fair play ranking.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : After being capped at various youth levels he got to make his debut for the Icelandic national team in 2009 against Iran.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : At sixteen, he went to SC Heerenveen in the Netherlands where he spent two seasons.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : He started in all of Iceland's five matches, helping the national team go to the quarter-finals in their very first European championship.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : He returned to Valur where he played half a season before signing with Allsvenskan club BK Häcken.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : On 18 July 2016, Ari officially joined Belgian-side K.S.C.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Ari Freyr Skúlason (born 14 May 1987) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays for KV Oostende in Belgium.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Even though his most common position is in central midfield he can also play as a winger and has been playing as a fullback with the Iceland national football team.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : After transferring from Sweden to Denmark in 2013 he stated in an interview that he'd asked to be bought as a left-back to cement his place as the starting left-back in the national team.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Häcken managed to progress into the main competition after Ari scored the winning goal against Scottish club Dunfermline Athletic F.C.. Häcken failed to gain promotion, and he signed with Allsvenskan club GIF Sundsvall at the end of the year.
Ari Freyr Skúlason : Consequently, Ari felt that he needed to change his position at club level and asked to be bought as a left-back when he was sold in July 2013, so he could play that position at club level to be able to hold his place as the first-choice left-back in the Iceland squad, despite the fact that he has been praised as a central playmaker of high quality.
Roberto Rosales : Roberto José Rosales Altuve (; born 20 November 1988) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Leganés.
Bogdan Mara : Ion Bogdan Mara (born 29 September 1977) is a Romanian former footballer.
Bogdan Mara : Mara earned 11 caps for Romania, his debut being on 2 February 2000, in a friendly 2–0 home win against Latvia.
Bogdan Mara : In 1998, he signed for Bucharest giants Dinamo Bucureşti, one of the best Romanian clubs.
Bogdan Mara : He was a key part of CFR's squad at the end of the season, when the club managed to secure the second Romanian Cup in its history.
Bogdan Mara : He joined CFR as a free agent, after leaving Unirea Urziceni due to the club's financial issues.
Bogdan Mara : Born in Deva, Mara made his first steps in professional football in Sibiu, at Inter, where he played for two years.
Bogdan Mara : He played one season for the red-white squad, before going on loan to FC Farul Constanţa and Argeș Pitești.
Bogdan Mara : After two years in Alaves, Mara chose to leave Spain and signed for Chinese side Tianjin Teda.
Michel Brown : In 1999, Michel decided to invest in his international career and traveled to Mexico, where he got a role in the teen telenovela "DKDA Sueños de Juventud" for Televisa and soon signed a contract with No.
Michel Brown : Michel Brown (; born Misael Browarnik Beiguel on June 10, 1976 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine actor.
Juan Manuel Vargas : Juan Manuel Vargas Risco (; born 5 October 1983) is a retired Peruvian footballer that played as a left back.
Juan Manuel Vargas : In 2005, he transferred to Argentine club Colón.
Juan Manuel Vargas : Vargas currently lives with his longtime partner Blanca Rodríguez, and their three children: Luana Mia (born in 2007), Ánika Lía (born 28 December 2009), and Juan Manuel (born in 2011).
Juan Manuel Vargas : On 12 August 2015, Vargas signed a two-year deal with Real Betis, newly promoted to La Liga, after his contract with Fiorentina expired.
Juan Manuel Vargas : He scored his first international goal on 12 September 2007 in a friendly match against Bolivia.
Juan Manuel Vargas : He made his debut for the club on 23 August, starting in a 1–1 home draw against Villarreal.
Tommy Wiseau : He also directed the 2004 documentary "Homeless in America" and created the 2015 sitcom "The Neighbors".
Lenny Kravitz : He did not face any legal repercussions from the incident.
Lenny Kravitz : The album was recorded in Miami.
Lenny Kravitz : At the age of five, he wanted to be a musician.
Lenny Kravitz : Because Kravitz was not wearing underpants, his genitals were briefly exposed to the audience.
Lenny Kravitz : In 1974, the Kravitz family relocated to Los Angeles when Kravitz's mother landed her role on "The Jeffersons".
Lenny Kravitz : Eventually, the album was later named "Black and White America".
Lenny Kravitz : Kravitz's biggest single yet, "It Ain't Over 'til It's Over", went to number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Lenny Kravitz : He then dated French singer and model Vanessa Paradis from 1992 until 1996.
Lenny Kravitz : He won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance four years in a row from 1999 to 2002, breaking the record for most wins in that category as well as setting the record for most consecutive wins in one category by a male.
Lenny Kravitz : In 2015, during a guitar solo at a concert in Stockholm, Kravitz squatted down, causing his leather pants to rip.
Lenny Kravitz : Kravitz was born in Manhattan, New York, the only child of actress Roxie Roker and NBC television news producer Sy Kravitz.
Lenny Kravitz : Leonard Albert Kravitz (born May 26, 1964) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist.
Zheng Long : He didn't play any matches during the 2014 season due to a serious leg injury.
Zheng Long : Throughout the 2007 season, he established himself as a regular for the team; however, it was during the 2008 season that saw Zheng establish himself as a prominent left-sided player and an expert free kick specialist with five goals in 27 appearances.
Zheng Long : On 19 July 2013, Zheng was loaned to fellow Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande until 31 December 2013.
Zheng Long : He scored his first goal for the national team on 8 November 2009 in a 2–2 draw against Kuwait.
Zheng Long : Zheng made his debut for the Chinese national team on 18 July 2009 in a 3–1 win against Palestine.
Zheng Long : Zheng permanently transferred to the club in the 2014 season after Qingdao was relegated from the top tier in the previous season.
Zheng Long : He made his debut for the club on 31 July 2013 in a 3–0 win against Beijing Guoan.
Rob Pardo : In 2006, he was named by "Time Magazine" as one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
Rob Pardo : Rob Pardo has been credited on the following games:
Rob Pardo : Pardo appears in animated form in the "South Park" episode "Make Love, Not Warcraft", which deals with "World of Warcraft".
Rob Pardo : Rob Pardo (born June 9, 1970) was the Chief Creative Officer at Blizzard Entertainment, resigning on July 3, 2014.
Rik Verbrugghe : Rik Verbrugghe (born 23 July 1974) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist.
Rik Verbrugghe : In 1996, he turned professional, and he has since become a Belgian time trial champion, competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, won a stage at the Tour de France, three stages at the Giro d'Italia, and the one-day Ardennes classics—La Flèche Wallonne, and the overall and two stages of the Critérium International.
Rik Verbrugghe : In 2011 he became team director at BMC Racing Team.
Alberto Cifuentes : Alberto Cifuentes Martínez (born 29 May 1979), known simply as Alberto, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a goalkeeper.
Paul Gascoigne : In February 2013 his agent, Terry Baker, told BBC Radio 5 Live that Gascoigne had relapsed again: "He won't thank me for saying it but he immediately needs to get help ... His life is always in danger because he is an alcoholic.
Paul Gascoigne : He promoted two video games: "Gazza's Superstar Soccer" and "Gazza II".
Paul Gascoigne : He made his Serie A debut on 27 September 1992 in a match against Genoa which was televised in Britain as well as Italy.
Paul Gascoigne : In February 2003, he signed a nine-month contract with China League One club Gansu Tianma in both a playing and coaching role.
Paul Gascoigne : Gascoigne left Scotland to join Middlesbrough for £3.45 million in March 1998, where former England teammate Bryan Robson was manager.
Paul Gascoigne : Paul John Gascoigne (, born 27 May 1967) is an English former professional football player and manager.
Paul Gascoigne : Under Glenn Hoddle, Gascoigne was picked regularly and helped England win the Tournoi de France in 1997 ahead of Brazil, France and Italy.
Paul Gascoigne : Having already gained some coaching experience in China, Gascoigne signed for Boston United on 30 July 2004.
Paul Gascoigne : Gascoigne captained Newcastle United's youth team to the FA Youth Cup in the 1984–85 season, and scored twice in the 4–1 victory over Watford in the final at Vicarage Road.
Ato Boldon : He was nominated in the category of Outstanding Sports Personality, Sports Event Analyst.
Ato Boldon : That brought Boldon's career total to four World Championship medals, to match his four Olympic medals.
Ato Boldon : Ato Jabari Boldon (born 30 December 1973) is a former track and field athlete and politician from Trinidad and Tobago and four-time Olympic medal winner.
Ato Boldon : In 1997, he won the 200 m at the World Championships in Athens, Greece; his country's first world title in the Athletics World Championships.
Besnik Hasi : He signed a two-year contract at the club in 2008.
Besnik Hasi : He played 30 games the following year, including five in the UEFA Champions League to add to his five of the previous season.
Besnik Hasi : Groin and knee problems restricted Hasi to eleven league appearances and four UEFA Cup games in 2002–03, however, but he returned to fitness to help Anderlecht win back the Belgian crown the following season.
Besnik Hasi : On 10 March 2014, Hasi replaced John van den Brom as head coach.
Besnik Hasi : On 11 June 2007, he signed a two-year contract with Cercle Brugge.
Besnik Hasi : In the 2004–05 season, he suffered torn ligaments in his left knee and was out for three months, when he came back he was limited to just 14 starts as Anderlecht relinquished the title.
Besnik Hasi : Hasi moved to KRC Genk in mid-1994, then to TSV 1860 Munich where he played only seven times during the 1997–98 season.
Besnik Hasi : Besnik Hasi (born 29 December 1971) is an Albanian professional football coach and former player who is the current manager of Al-Raed.
Besnik Hasi : Hasi moved to RSC Anderlecht in May 2000 and, despite only playing 16 matches in his first season due to injury problems, helped the club retain their league title.
Besnik Hasi : Hasi moved to Lokeren during the 2005–06 season.
Besnik Hasi : He then played with NK Zagreb and FK Dinamo Pančevo (on loan) still in Yugoslavia.
Besnik Hasi : He returned to KRC Genk establishing himself in starting lineup, winning the Belgian Title in 1998–99 season.
Besnik Hasi : In 1992, he returned to NK Zagreb, now playing in a newly formed Croatian First League and he also played with NK Samobor before moving to Belgium.
Besnik Hasi : He played one game with FC Prishtina in the 1991–92 Yugoslav First League.
Besnik Hasi : Born in Gjakova, SFR Yugoslavia (present day Kosovo), he began playing with his hometown team KF Vëllaznimi at an early age before joining KF Liria playing back then in the Yugoslav Second League where he begin playing as senior.
Andre Drummond : Drummond had also been considering attending Kentucky, Louisville, Georgetown, or West Virginia.
Andre Drummond : Drummond's collegiate career ended in the first round of the NCAA Tournament, as the ninth-seeded Huskies fell to eight-seed Iowa State.
Andre Drummond : Drummond was a member of the United States national team that won the gold medal at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
Andre Drummond : Drummond was selected by the Detroit Pistons with the ninth overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft.
Andre Drummond : Andre Jamal Drummond (born August 10, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Andre Drummond : In his rookie season, Drummond averaged 7.9 points, 7.6 rebounds, 1.0 steal and 1.6 blocks in 20.7 minutes per game.
Mauricio Victorino : Mauricio Bernardo Victorino Dansilo (; October 11, 1982 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football defender who plays for Danubio F.C.
Miguel Tendillo : Miguel Tendillo Belenguer (born 1 February 1961) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Miguel Tendillo : After nearly 300 official appearances with Valencia, Tendillo moved to Real Murcia upon the "Che"'s 1986 relegation, and produced another solid season, which earned him the interest of league powerhouse Real Madrid as a replacement to longtime injuree Antonio Maceda.
Ludovic Giuly : Ludovic Vincent Giuly (born 10 July 1976) is a French former footballer who played as a winger.
Ludovic Giuly : Giuly began his career with Lyon in 1994 at age 18, and made his debut for the club in Ligue 1 on 21 January 1995 against Cannes in a 3–1 win.
Van Morrison : Sheets".
Van Morrison : And unique.
Van Morrison : I do not even know what it is called or if it has a name.
Van Morrison : Those guys were the inspiration that got me going.
Van Morrison : I had a different concept of it."
Van Morrison : Henceforth every radical idea would be tempered by some notion of commerciality."
Van Morrison : If it wasn't for that kind of music, I couldn't do what I'm doing now."
Van Morrison : I can stand four feet from a mic and be heard quite resonantly."
Van Morrison : He picked the bands and tunes.
Van Morrison : He later commented to Donal Corvin in a 1973 interview: "I wasn't really happy with it.
Van Morrison : The words may often be prosaic, and so can hardly be poetry."
Van Morrison : It just comes and I sculpt it, but it is also a lot of hard work doing the sculpting."
Van Morrison : Singing from lower in the belly allows my resonance to carry far.
Van Morrison : The two strains together are sometimes referred to as "Celtic soul".
Van Morrison : He accepted a full apology and comprehensive retraction which represents a complete vindication of his stance from the outset.
Van Morrison : The 1990s also saw an upsurge in collaborations by Morrison with other artists, a trend continuing into the new millennium.
Van Morrison : Instead, these songs were released as the album "Blowin' Your Mind!"
Van Morrison : In 1985, Morrison also wrote the musical score for the movie, "Lamb" starring Liam Neeson.
Van Morrison : Miss Lewis has given a full and categorical apology and retraction to Mr Morrison."
Van Morrison : Before, I sang in the upper area of my throat, which tends to wreck the vocal cords over time.
Van Morrison : "Two horns and a rhythm section – they're the type of bands that I like best."
Van Morrison : Lee's son died in January 2011 from complications of diabetes and Lee died soon after from throat cancer in October 2011.
Van Morrison : In the former case, Morrison pursued his action all the way to the Irish Supreme Court.
Van Morrison : Morrison flew over and signed a contract he had not fully studied.
Van Morrison : Over the years he has recorded songs from a varying list of genres drawn from many influences and interests.
Van Morrison : The combination of two styles of music demonstrated a versatility not previously found in his earlier albums.
Van Morrison : Later, he moved to Bath, where he purchased the Wool Hall studio in January 1994.
Van Morrison : At age 17, Morrison toured Europe for the first time with the Monarchs, now calling themselves the International Monarchs.
Van Morrison : On this album, Hooker also recorded a cover of Morrison's "T.B.
Van Morrison : Morrison and Henderson remained the only constants, and a less successful version of Them soldiered on after Morrison's departure.
Van Morrison : Also suffering from writer's block, he seriously considered leaving the music business for good.
Van Morrison : Though it attracted scant initial attention, its critical stature grew markedly over the years—with "Veedon Fleece" now often considered to be one of Morrison's most impressive and poetic works.
Van Morrison : His early voice was described as "flinty and tender, beseeching and plaintive".
Van Morrison : 1995's "Days Like This" also had large sales – though the critical reviews were not always favourable.
Van Morrison : Both claims were later withdrawn, and Morrison's solicitor said, "(Mr Morrison's) pleased that these claims have finally been withdrawn.
Van Morrison : He said he only became aware of the album's release when a friend mentioned on a phone call that he had just bought a copy of it.
Van Morrison : Morrison attended Orangefield Boys Secondary School, leaving in July 1960 with no qualifications.
Van Morrison : He also has a home in the Irish seaside village of Dalkey near Dublin, where legal actions against two different neighbours concerning safety and privacy issues have been taken to court in 2001 and in 2010.
Van Morrison : In 1997, Morrison released "The Healing Game".
Van Morrison : The following year, Morrison finally released some of his previously unissued studio recordings in a two-disc set, "The Philosopher's Stone".
Van Morrison : Much of the music Morrison released throughout the 1980s continued to focus on the themes of spirituality and faith.
Van Morrison : Facing deportation due to visa problems, he managed to stay in the US when his American girlfriend Janet (Planet) Rigsbee, who had a son named Peter from a previous relationship, agreed to marry him.
Van Morrison : From 1950 to 1956, Morrison, who began to be known as "Van" during this time, attended Elmgrove Primary School.
Van Morrison : His co-producer, Ted Templeman, described this recording process as the "scariest thing I've ever seen.
Van Morrison : He regained his professional footing through the few gigs he could find, and started recording with Warner Bros. Records.
Van Morrison : He formed his own independent label, Exile Productions Ltd, which enables him to maintain full production control of each album he records, which he then delivers as a finished product to the recording label that he chooses, for marketing and distribution.
Van Morrison : In 1957, at the age of twelve, Morrison formed his first band, a skiffle group, "The Sputniks", named after the satellite, Sputnik 1, that had been launched earlier that year by the Soviets.
Van Morrison : This was Morrison's first recording, taking place in November 1963 at Ariola Studios in Cologne with Morrison on saxophone; it made the lower reaches of the German charts.
Van Morrison : Also frequently present in Morrison's best love songs is a blending of the sacred-profane as evidenced in "Into the Mystic" and "So Quiet in Here".
Van Morrison : The album received a mild critical reception and marked the beginning of a very prolific period of song making.
Van Morrison : Morrison's family were working class Protestants descended from the Ulster Scots population that settled in Belfast.
Van Morrison : Former Beirut hostage, John McCarthy presented the award; while testifying to the importance of Morrison's song "Wonderful Remark" McCarthy called it "a song ... which was very important to us."
Van Morrison : Lee announced the birth of the child on Morrison's official website but Morrison denied paternity.
Van Morrison : On the final night, the two Morrisons and the two bands jammed together on "Gloria".
Van Morrison : Morrison's influence reaches into the country music genre, with Hal Ketchum acknowledging, "He (Van Morrison) was a major influence in my life."
Van Morrison : However, he had been developing his musical interests from an early age and continued playing with the Monarchs part-time.
Van Morrison : Then, during a two-day recording session at A & R Studios starting 28 March 1967, eight songs were recorded, originally intended to be used as four singles.
Van Morrison : In December 2009, it was voted the top Irish album of all time by a poll of leading Irish musicians conducted by "Hot Press" magazine.
Van Morrison : He then moved to Boston, Massachusetts, and was soon confronted with personal and financial problems; he had "slipped into a malaise" and had trouble finding concert bookings.
Van Morrison : They followed Eric Wrixon's suggestion for a new name, and the Gamblers morphed into Them, their name taken from the Fifties horror movie "Them!"
Van Morrison : Morrison has described his songwriting method by remarking that: "I write from a different place.
Van Morrison : Morrison moved back to the UK in the late 1970s, first settling in London's Notting Hill Gate area.
Van Morrison : The statement also reflected the instability of the Them line-up, with numerous members passing through the ranks after the definitive Maritime period.
Van Morrison : Greil Marcus, whose previous writings had been favourably inclined towards Morrison, critically remarked: "It's Van acting the part of the 'mystic poet' he thinks he's supposed to be."
Van Morrison : Morrison also commented on the changes in his approach to singing: "The approach now is to sing from lower down [the diaphragm] so I do not ruin my voice.
Van Morrison : His influence includes U2 (Bono was quoted saying "I am in awe of a musician like Van Morrison.
Van Morrison : Alan Light later described "Astral Weeks" as "like nothing he had done previously—and really, nothing anyone had done previously.
Van Morrison : In December 2009, Morrison's tour manager Gigi Lee gave birth to a son, who she asserted was Morrison's and named after him.
Van Morrison : Dick Rowe of Decca Records became aware of the band's performances, and signed Them to a standard two-year contract.
Van Morrison : Overall, Morrison has typically been supportive of other artists, often willingly sharing the stage with them during his concerts.
Van Morrison : Toward the end of the tour the band members became involved in a dispute with their manager, Decca Records' Phil Solomon, over the revenues paid to them; that, coupled with the expiry of their work visas, meant the band returned from America dejected.
Van Morrison : Van Morrison continued to record and tour in the 2000s, often performing two or three times a week.
Van Morrison : After a decade without taking time off, he said in an interview, he needed to get away from music completely and ceased listening to it for several months.
Van Morrison : Morrison's third induction was into the Songwriters Hall of Fame for "recognition of his unique position as one of the most important songwriters of the past century".
Van Morrison : "Keep It Simple", Morrison's 33rd studio album of completely new material was released by Exile/Polydor Records on 17 March 2008 in the UK and released by Exile/Lost Highway Records in the US and Canada on 1 April 2008.
Van Morrison : Once married, Morrison and his wife moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he found work performing in local clubs.
Van Morrison : Morrison sings of lost love, death, and nostalgia for childhood in the Celtic soul that would become his signature."
Van Morrison : The title song, "Irish Heartbeat", was originally recorded on his 1983 album "Inarticulate Speech of the Heart".
Van Morrison : His lyrics show an influence of the visionary poets William Blake and W. B. Yeats and others such as Samuel Taylor Coleridge and William Wordsworth.
Van Morrison : Morrison has said, "Them lived and died on the stage at the Maritime Hotel," believing the band did not manage to capture the spontaneity and energy of their live performances on their records.
Van Morrison : Morrison defines himself as a soul singer.
Van Morrison : Then, when he heard Jimmy Giuffre playing saxophone on "The Train and The River", he talked his father into buying him a saxophone, and took lessons in tenor sax and music reading.
Van Morrison : Morrison's next album, "Beautiful Vision", released in 1982, had him returning once again to the music of his Northern Irish roots.
Van Morrison : The album, "Common One", consisted of six songs; the longest, "Summertime in England", lasted fifteen and a half minutes and ended with the words,""Can you feel the silence?"".
Van Morrison : Morrison and his family moved around America, living in Boston; Woodstock, New York; and a hilltop home in Fairfax, California.
Van Morrison : Morrison's BRIT Award was for his "Outstanding Contribution to British Music".
Van Morrison : "NME" magazine's Paul Du Noyer called the album "colossally smug and cosmically dull; an interminable, vacuous and drearily egotistical stab at spirituality: Into the muzak."
Van Morrison : During this period of time, Morrison had studied Scientology and gave "Special Thanks" to L. Ron Hubbard on the album's credits.
Van Morrison : Other short-lived groups followed – at fourteen, he formed Midnight Special, another modified skiffle band and played at a school concert.
Van Morrison : A short tour of the U.S. followed with six dates in October 2016, followed by a short tour of the U.K. with eight dates in October–December 2016, including a London show at "The O2 Arena" on 30 October.
Van Morrison : "Scandinavia", with Morrison on piano, was nominated in the "Best Rock Instrumental Performance" category for the 25th Annual Grammy Awards.
Van Morrison : Morrison's 1986 release, "No Guru, No Method, No Teacher", was said to contain a "genuine holiness ... and musical freshness that needs to be set in context to understand."
Van Morrison : Morrison was the first living inductee not to attend his own ceremony, – Robbie Robertson from the Band accepted the award on his behalf.
Van Morrison : In 1958, the band played at some of the local cinemas, and Morrison took the lead, contributing most of the singing and arranging.
Van Morrison : This Irish showband, with Morrison playing saxophone, guitar and harp, in addition to back-up duty on bass and drums, toured steamy clubs and US Army bases in Scotland, England and Germany, often playing five sets a night.
Van Morrison : Morrison insisted the album was never "meant to be a commercial album."
Van Morrison : The single, "Tore Down a la Rimbaud" was a reference to Rimbaud and an earlier bout of writer's block that Morrison had encountered in 1974.
Van Morrison : He was voted the Best International Male Singer of 2007 at the inaugural International Awards in Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club, London.
Van Morrison : The titling of the album and the presence of the instrumentals were noted to be indicative of Morrison's long-held belief that "it's not the words one uses but the force of conviction behind those words that matters."
Van Morrison : Released in 1972, "Saint Dominic's Preview" revealed Morrison's break from the more accessible style of his previous three albums and moving back towards the more daring, adventurous, and meditative aspects of "Astral Weeks".
Van Morrison : The project capped a series of Morrison and Hooker collaborations that began in 1971 when they performed a duet on the title track of Hooker's 1972 album "Never Get Out of These Blues Alive".
Van Morrison : The couple married and have two children; a daughter was born in February 2006 and a son in August 2007.
Van Morrison : Making use of 1970s synthesisers, it mimics the sounds of the shortwave radio stations he listened to in his youth.
Van Morrison : Actor and musician Robert Pattinson has said Van Morrison was his "influence for doing music in the first place".
Van Morrison : Morrison played saxophone and harmonica and shared vocals with Billy Harrison.
Van Morrison : Morrison has said, "When "Astral Weeks" came out, I was starving, "literally.""
Van Morrison : On 3 September 2007, Morrison's complete catalogue of albums from 1971 through 2002 were made available exclusively at the iTunes Store in Europe and Australia and during the first week of October 2007, the albums became available at the US iTunes Store.
Van Morrison : When Morrison became the initial musician inducted into the Irish Music Hall of Fame, Bob Geldof presented Morrison with the award.
Van Morrison : Some of his song titles derive from familiar locations in his childhood, such as "Cyprus Avenue" (a nearby street), "Orangefield" (the boys school he attended), and "On Hyndford Street" (where he was born).
Van Morrison : The couple had one daughter in 1970, Shana Morrison, who has become a singer-songwriter.
Van Morrison : Considered by AllMusic as "the definitive post-classic-era Morrison", "Into the Music", was released in the last year of the 1970s.
Van Morrison : As a member of a working-class community, it was expected he would get a regular full-time job, so after several short apprenticeship positions, he settled into a job as a window cleaner—later alluded to in his songs "Cleaning Windows" and "Saint Dominic's Preview".
Van Morrison : The early to middle 1990s were commercially successful for Morrison with three albums reaching the top five of the UK charts, sold-out concerts, and a more visible public profile; but this period also marked a decline in the critical reception to his work.
Van Morrison : Building on the success of their singles in the United States, and riding on the back of the British Invasion, Them undertook a two-month tour of America in May and June 1966 that included a residency from 30 May to 18 June at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles.
Van Morrison : Also in July 2005, Morrison was named by Amazon as one of their top twenty-five all-time best-selling artists and inducted into the Amazon.com Hall of Fame.
Van Morrison : Forty years later, the difference in his vocal range and power were noticeable but reviewers and critic's comments were favourable: "Morrison's voice has expanded to fill his frame; a deeper, louder roar than the blue-eyed soul voice of his youth – softer on the diction – but none the less impressively powerful."
Van Morrison : The romantic ballad from this album, "Someone Like You", has been featured subsequently in the soundtracks of several movies, including 1995's "French Kiss", and in 2001, both "Someone Like You" and "Bridget Jones's Diary".
Van Morrison : A new double CD compilation album "The Best of Van Morrison Volume 3" was released in June 2007 containing thirty-one tracks, some of which were previously unreleased.
Van Morrison : Following the death of Berns in 1967, Morrison became involved in a contract dispute with Berns' widow, Ilene Berns, that prevented him from performing on stage or recording in the New York area.
Van Morrison : Morrison has written hundreds of songs during his career with a recurring theme reflecting a nostalgic yearning for the carefree days of his childhood in Belfast.
Van Morrison : "Rolling Stone" listed it as number seventeen on "The Top 50 Records of 2005".
Van Morrison : After "Enlightenment" which included the hit singles "Real Real Gone" and the title cut in 1990, an ambitious double album "Hymns to the Silence" was released the following year, his only double studio album.
Van Morrison : While the band did covers, they also played some of Morrison's early songs, such as "Could You Would You", which he had written in Camden Town while touring with the Manhattan Showband.
Van Morrison : As well as being his daughter Shana's middle name, it is the name of his first production company, his studio, his publishing company, two of his backing groups, his parents' record store in Fairfax, California in the 1970s, and he also recorded a cover of the song "Caldonia" (with the name spelled "Caledonia") in 1974.
Van Morrison : Morrison's father bought him his first acoustic guitar when he was eleven, and he learned to play rudimentary chords from the song book "The Carter Family Style", edited by Alan Lomax.
Van Morrison : It contains the song, "In the Garden" that, according to Morrison, had a "definite meditation process which is a 'form' of transcendental meditation as its basis.
Van Morrison : It contained the hit single "Domino", which charted at number nine in the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Van Morrison : Morrison promoted the album with a short US tour including an appearance at the SXSW music conference, and a UK concert broadcast on BBC Radio 2.
Van Morrison : Later in the year, Morrison also donated a previously unreleased studio track to a charity album, "", which raised money for relief efforts intended for Gulf Coast victims devastated by hurricanes, Katrina and Rita.
Van Morrison : He also produced and was featured on several tracks with blues legend John Lee Hooker on Hooker's 1997 album, "Don't Look Back."
Van Morrison : Now playing the saxophone, Morrison joined with various local bands, including one called Deanie Sands and the Javelins, with whom he played guitar and shared singing.
Van Morrison : Biographer Clinton Heylin concludes: "He would not attempt anything so ambitious again.
Van Morrison : In 2001, nine months into a tour with Linda Gail Lewis promoting their collaboration "You Win Again", Lewis left, later filing claims against Morrison for unfair dismissal and sexual discrimination.
Van Morrison : Several other songs on the album, "Vanlose Stairway", "She Gives Me Religion", and the instrumental, "Scandinavia" show the presence of a new personal muse in his life: a Danish public relations agent, who would share Morrison's spiritual interests and serve as a steadying influence on him throughout most of the 1980s.
Van Morrison : A live album entitled "Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl" resulted from these two performances.
Van Morrison : When Lonnie Donegan had a hit with "Rock Island Line", written by Huddie Ledbetter (Lead Belly), Morrison felt he was familiar with and able to connect with skiffle music as he had been hearing Lead Belly before that.
Van Morrison : Morrison lived in Belfast from birth until 1964, when he moved to London with Them, and then three years later, he moved to New York after signing with Bang Records.
Van Morrison : After releasing the "No Guru" album, Morrison's music appeared less gritty and more adult contemporary with the well-received 1987 album, "Poetic Champions Compose", considered to be one of his recording highlights of the 1980s.
Van Morrison : When Armstrong auditioned to play with Brian Rossi and the Golden Eagles, later known as the Wheels, Morrison went along and was hired as a blues singer.
Van Morrison : The opening track, "Kingdom Hall" – the name given by Jehovah's Witnesses to their places of worship – evoked Morrison's childhood experiences of religion with his mother, and foretold the religious themes that were more evident on his next album, "Into the Music".
Van Morrison : Upon returning to Belfast in November 1963, the group disbanded, so Morrison connected with Geordie Sproule again and played with him in the Manhattan Showband along with guitarist Herbie Armstrong.
Van Morrison : Morrison received two civil awards in 1996, firstly the Order of the British Empire for his service to music, secondly an award from the French government which made him an "Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres".
Van Morrison : In 2000, Morrison recorded a classic country music duet album "You Win Again" with Linda Gail Lewis.
Van Morrison : The line-up of the band was lead vocalist Deanie Sands, guitarist George Jones, and drummer and vocalist Roy Kane.
Van Morrison : Another biographer John Collis believes Morrison's style of jazz singing and repeating phrases preclude his lyrics from being regarded as poetry or as Collis asserts: "he is more likely to repeat a phrase like a mantra, or burst into scat singing.
Van Morrison : As Morrison began live performances of the 40-year-old album "Astral Weeks" in 2008, there were comparisons to his youthful voice of 1968.
Van Morrison : In 2004, Morrison was one of the guests on Ray Charles' album, "Genius Loves Company", featuring the two artists performing Morrison's "Crazy Love".
Van Morrison : His 1983 album, "Inarticulate Speech of the Heart" was "a move towards creating music for meditation" with synthesisers, uilleann pipes and flute sounds and four of the tracks were instrumentals.
Van Morrison : Two songs, "Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile)" and "Redwood Tree", reached the Hot 100 singles chart.
Van Morrison : Morrison's music has been described by music journalist Alan Light as "Celtic soul", or what biographer Brian Hinton referred to as a new alchemy called "Caledonian soul."
Van Morrison : Morrison's 2005 album, "Magic Time", debuted at number twenty-five on the US "Billboard" 200 charts upon its May release, some forty years after Morrison first entered the public's eye as the frontman of Them.
Van Morrison : Morrison has shared the stage with Northern Irish singer-songwriter Duke Special, who admits Morrison has been a big influence.
Van Morrison : Although he often expresses his displeasure (in interviews and songs) with the music industry and the media in general, he has been instrumental in promoting the careers of many other musicians and singers, such as James Hunter, and fellow Belfast-born brothers, Brian and Bap Kennedy.
Van Morrison : The album received mixed reviews, with the lyrics being described as "tired" and "dull", though critic Greil Marcus praised the musical complexity of the album by saying: "It carries the listener into a musical home so perfect and complete he or she might have forgotten that music could call up such a place, and then populate it with people, acts, wishes, fears."
Van Morrison : Three of Morrison's songs appear in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll: "Brown Eyed Girl", "Madame George" and "Moondance".
Van Morrison : A 2004 "Rolling Stone" magazine review begins with the words: "This is music of such enigmatic beauty that thirty-five years after its release, "Astral Weeks" still defies easy, admiring description."
Van Morrison : In a 1973 "Rolling Stone" review, it was described as: "psychologically complex, musically somewhat uneven and lyrically excellent."
Van Morrison : Morrison used "Caledonia" in what has been called a quintessential Van Morrison moment in the song, "Listen to the Lion" with the lyrics, "And we sail, and we sail, way up to Caledonia".
Van Morrison : He released an album with a country music theme, entitled "Pay the Devil", on 7 March 2006 and appeared at the Ryman Auditorium where the tickets sold out immediately after they went on sale.
Van Morrison : On the live album, "A Night in San Francisco", he had as his special guests, among others, his childhood idols: Jimmy Witherspoon, John Lee Hooker and Junior Wells.
Van Morrison : According to Yorke, Morrison claimed to have discovered "a certain quality of soul" when he first visited Scotland (his Belfast ancestors were of Ulster Scots descent) and Morrison has said he believes there is some connection between soul music and Caledonia.
Van Morrison : The roots of Them, the band that first broke Morrison on the international scene, came in April 1964 when he responded to an advert for musicians to play at a new R&B club at the Maritime Hotel – an old dance hall frequented by sailors.
Van Morrison : Critical response was favourable with a "Sounds" reviewer calling the album "his most intriguingly involved since "Astral Weeks"" and "Morrison at his most mystical, magical best."
Van Morrison : "His Band and the Street Choir" had a freer, more relaxed sound than "Moondance", but not the "perfection", in the opinion of critic Jon Landau, who felt like "a few more numbers with a gravity of 'Street Choir' would have made this album as perfect as anyone could have stood."
Van Morrison : While in Germany, the band recorded a single, "Boozoo Hully Gully"/"Twingy Baby", under the name Georgie and the Monarchs.
Van Morrison : By recording thirty-one songs in one session, Morrison fulfilled a clause that bound him to submit thirty-six original songs within a year to Web IV Music, Berns' music publishing company.
Van Morrison : In 2000, Morrison ranked twenty-fifth on American cable music channel VH1's list of its "100 Greatest Artists of Rock and Roll".
Van Morrison : Ray Charles presented the award, following a performance during which the pair performed Morrison's "Crazy Love" from the album, "Moondance".
Van Morrison : The music of Van Morrison has encompassed many genres since his early days as a blues and R&B singer in Belfast.
Van Morrison : The following year, Morrison released "Wavelength"; it became at that time the fastest-selling album of his career and soon went gold.
Van Morrison : "A Sense of Wonder", Morrison's 1985 album, pulled together the spiritual themes contained in his last four albums, which were defined in a "Rolling Stone" review as: "rebirth ("Into the Music"), deep contemplation and meditation ("Common One"); ecstasy and humility ("Beautiful Vision"); and blissful, mantra like languor ("Inarticulate Speech of the Heart")."
Van Morrison : The 1989 album, "Avalon Sunset", which featured the hit duet with Cliff Richard "Whenever God Shines His Light" and the ballad "Have I Told You Lately" (on which "earthly love transmutes into that for God"(Hinton)), reached 13 on the UK album chart.
Van Morrison : Bert Berns, Them's producer and composer of their 1965 hit, "Here Comes the Night", persuaded Morrison to return to New York to record solo for his new label, Bang Records.
Van Morrison : Beginning with his 1979 album, "Into the Music" and the song "And the Healing Has Begun", a frequent theme of his music and lyrics has been based on his belief in the healing power of music combined with a form of mystic Christianity.
Van Morrison : Yorke said Morrison "discovered several years after he first began composing music that some of his songs lent themselves to a unique major modal scale (without sevenths) which of course is the same scale as that used by bagpipe players and old Irish and Scottish folk music."
Van Morrison : The Doors were the supporting act on the last week, and Morrison's influence on the Doors singer Jim Morrison, was noted by John Densmore in his book "Riders On The Storm".
Van Morrison : Along with these state awards he has two honorary degrees in music; an honorary doctorate in literature from the University of Ulster, and an honorary doctorate in music from Queen's University in his hometown of Belfast.
Van Morrison : Still promoting the country album, Morrison's performance as the headline act on the first night of the Austin City Limits Music Festival on 15 September 2006 was reviewed by "Rolling Stone" magazine as one of the top ten shows of the 2006 festival.
Van Morrison : The new R&B club needed a band for its opening night; however, Morrison had left the Golden Eagles (the group with which he had been performing at the time), so he created a new band out of the Gamblers, an East Belfast group formed by Ronnie Millings, Billy Harrison, and Alan Henderson in 1962.
Van Morrison : Indeed, Morrison is returning poetry to its earliest roots – as in Homer or Old English epics like Beowulf or the Psalms or folk song – in all of which words and music combine to form a new reality."
Van Morrison : Morrison's third solo album, "Moondance", which was released in 1970, became his first million selling album and reached number twenty-nine on the Billboard charts.
Van Morrison : Morrison has also influenced the other arts: the German painter Johannes Heisig created a series of lithographs illustrating the book "In the Garden – for Van Morrison", published by Städtische Galerie Sonneberg, Germany, in 1997.
Van Morrison : The decade began with the release of "The Best of Van Morrison"; compiled by Morrison himself, the album was focused on his hit singles, and became a multi-platinum success remaining a year and a half on the UK charts.
Van Morrison : In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Van Morrison forty-second on their list of "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".
Van Morrison : In October 2006, Morrison had released his first commercial DVD, "Live at Montreux 1980/1974" with concerts taken from two separate appearances at the Montreux Jazz Festival.
Van Morrison : Much of Morrison's music is structured around the conventions of soul music and R&B, such as the popular singles "Brown Eyed Girl", "Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile)", "Domino" and "Wild Night".
Van Morrison : This period also saw a number of side projects, including the live jazz performances of 1996's "How Long Has This Been Going On", from the same year "", and 2000's "The Skiffle Sessions – Live in Belfast 1998", all of which found Morrison paying tribute to his early musical influences.
Van Morrison : Lester Bangs and Greil Marcus had a combined full page review in "Rolling Stone", saying Morrison now had "the striking imagination of a consciousness that is visionary in the strongest sense of the word."
Van Morrison : Another compilation album, "The Best of Van Morrison Volume Two" was released in January 1993, followed by "Too Long in Exile" in June, another top five chart success.
Van Morrison : Brian Hinton relates how "Jim Morrison learned quickly from his near namesake's stagecraft, his apparent recklessness, his air of subdued menace, the way he would improvise poetry to a rock beat, even his habit of crouching down by the bass drum during instrumental breaks."
Van Morrison : Another biographer, Ritchie Yorke quoted Morrison as believing that he has "the spirit of Caledonia in his soul and his music reflects it."
Van Morrison : In his 2010 book, Marcus wrote, "As a physical fact, Morrison may have the richest and most expressive voice pop music has produced since Elvis Presley, and with a sense of himself as an artist that Elvis was always denied."
Van Morrison : Other awards include an Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement in 1995, the BMI ICON award in October 2004 for Morrison's "enduring influence on generations of music makers", and an "Oscar Wilde: Honouring Irish Writing in Film" award in 2007 for his contribution to over fifty films, presented by Al Pacino, who compared Morrison to Oscar Wilde – both "visionaries who push boundaries".
Van Morrison : His next release, 1999's "Back on Top", achieved a modest success, being his highest charting album in the US since 1978's "Wavelength".
Van Morrison : In 1988, he released "Irish Heartbeat", a collection of traditional Irish folk songs recorded with the Irish group the Chieftains, which reached number 18 in the UK album charts.
Van Morrison : In a 2008 "Rolling Stone" review, Andy Greene writes that when released in late 1974: "it was greeted by a collective shrug by the rock critical establishment" and concludes: "He's released many wonderful albums since, but he's never again hit the majestic heights of this one."
Van Morrison : In his 2009 biography, Erik Hage found "Morrison seemed deeply interested in his paternal Scottish roots during his early career, and later in the ancient countryside of England, hence his repeated use of the term "Caledonia" (an ancient Roman name for Scotland/northern Britain)".
Van Morrison : Morrison has also appeared in a number of "Greatest" lists, including the "TIME" magazine list of The All-Time 100 Albums, which contained "Astral Weeks" and "Moondance", and he appeared at number thirteen on the list of WXPN's 885 All Time Greatest Artists.
Van Morrison : Biographer Ritchie Yorke had pointed out already by 1975 that Morrison has referred to Caledonia so many times in his career that he "seems to be obsessed with the word".
Van Morrison : Morrison additionally collaborated with Tom Jones on his 1999 album "Reload", performing a duet on "Sometimes We Cry", and he also sang vocals on a track entitled "The Last Laugh" on Mark Knopfler's 2000 album, "Sailing to Philadelphia".
Van Morrison : Morrison used "Caledonia" as a mantra in the live performance of the song, "Astral Weeks" recorded at the two Hollywood Bowl concerts.
Van Morrison : During the 1990s, Morrison developed a close association with two vocal talents at opposite ends of their careers: Georgie Fame (with whom Morrison had already worked occasionally) lent his voice and Hammond organ skills to Morrison's band; and Brian Kennedy's vocals complemented the grizzled voice of Morrison, both in studio and live performances.
Van Morrison : As well as blues and R&B, his compositions and covers have moved between pop music, jazz, rock, folk, country, gospel, Irish folk and traditional, big band, skiffle, rock and roll, new age, classical and sometimes spoken word ("Coney Island") and instrumentals.
Van Morrison : Glen Hansard of the Irish rock band the Frames (who lists Van Morrison as being part of his holy trinity with Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen) commonly covers his songs in concert.
Van Morrison : His father's record collection exposed him to various musical genres, such as the blues of Muddy Waters; the gospel of Mahalia Jackson; the jazz of Charlie Parker; the folk music of Woody Guthrie; and country music from Hank Williams and Jimmie Rodgers, while the first record he ever bought was by blues musician Sonny Terry.
Van Morrison : The 1994 live double album "A Night in San Francisco" received favourable reviews as well as commercial success by reaching number eight on the UK charts.
Van Morrison : Critic Greil Marcus has said "no white man sings like Van Morrison."
Van Morrison : George Ivan "Van" Morrison was born on 31 August 1945, at 125 Hyndford Street, Bloomfield, Belfast, Northern Ireland, as the only child of George Morrison, a shipyard electrician, and Violet Stitt Morrison, who had been a singer and tap dancer in her youth.
Van Morrison : Featuring his characteristic growl—a mix of folk, blues, soul, jazz, gospel, and Ulster Scots Celtic influences—Morrison is widely considered by many rock historians to be one of the most unusual and influential vocalists in the history of rock and roll.
Van Morrison : Echoes of Morrison's rugged literateness and his gruff, feverish emotive vocals can be heard in latter day icons ranging from Bruce Springsteen to Elvis Costello".
Van Morrison : "Pay the Devil" debuted at number twenty-six on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number seven on Top Country Albums.
Van Morrison : Morrison's influence can readily be heard in the music of a diverse array of major artists and according to "The Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll" (Simon & Schuster, 2001), "his influence among rock singers/song writers is unrivaled by any living artist outside of that other prickly legend, Bob Dylan.
Van Morrison : He has honorary doctorates from the University of Ulster (1992) and from Queen's University Belfast (July 2001).
Van Morrison : Morrison has received several major music awards in his career, including two Grammy Awards, with five additional nominations (1982–2004); inductions into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (January 1993), the Songwriters Hall of Fame (June 2003), and the Irish Music Hall of Fame (September 1999); and a Brit Award (February 1994).
Van Morrison : Morrison's influence on the younger generation of singer-songwriters is pervasive: including Irish singer Damien Rice, who has been described as on his way to becoming the "natural heir to Van Morrison"; Ray Lamontagne; James Morrison; Paolo Nutini; Eric Lindell David Gray and Ed Sheeran are also several of the younger artists influenced by Morrison.
Joe Allen : In July 2016, he signed for Stoke City for a £13 million transfer fee.
Joe Allen : He also represented Great Britain at the 2012 Olympics.
Joe Allen : Allen was part of the Swansea City youth set-up from age nine.
Joe Allen : Joseph Michael Allen (born 14 March 1990) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championship club Stoke City and the Welsh national team.
Joe Allen : Allen made a first start on 14 August 2007 in a 2–0 home win over Walsall in the first round of the League Cup.
Joe Allen : Soon after receiving his first professional contract for Swansea City in August 2007, Allen was called up for the Wales under-21 team in a friendly match away to Sweden.
Iker Flores : After nine seasons in the professional peloton he retired at the end of the season 2007
Iker Flores : However, Flores did not add any professional victories, and finished the 2005 Tour de France as Lanterne Rouge, as did his brother Igor Flores in 2002.
Iker Flores : Flores turned professional with Euskaltel-Euskadi in 1999, and took the overall victory at the Tour de l'Avenir, along with one stage, in 2000.
Sam Heughan : He subsequently spent two years working and travelling, before enrolling at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama (now the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland) in Glasgow, graduating in 2003.
Sam Heughan : In 2004, Heughan appeared in his first professional television role in the miniseries "Island at War," a WWII drama about the German occupation of the Channel Islands.
Sam Heughan : In 2012, he performed the title role in Shakepeare's "King John" at the Òran Mór Theatre.
Jan Kopecký : His best finish was 5th place at the 2007 Rallye Deutschland, he scored more points than in 2006, 10 points and 12th position.
Jan Kopecký : Kris Meeke became champion with Peugeot 207 S2000 in 2009.
Jan Kopecký : In 2010 Kopecký continued his relationship with Škoda and also with his good performance in IRC.
Jan Kopecký : Kopecký won 3 Special Stages, SS18 at the 2006 Rally d'Italia Sardegna and SS9 and SS14 at the 2006 Rallye Deutschland.
Jan Kopecký : In 2007, he continued competing with the Fabia and placed 12th in the drivers' world championship.
Jan Kopecký : His best finish was 5th place at the 2006 Rally Catalunya, he scored 7 points and 15th position.
Jan Kopecký : In 2008 Kopecký entered Rally México with Fiat Grande Punto Abarth S2000 but retired at 2nd special stage.
Jan Kopecký : His best result was 2nd place at the Rally Portugal and after Rally Russia he was hired by Škoda Motorsport and started testing Škoda Fabia S2000.
Jan Kopecký : He won Rally Islas Canarias and finished 2nd at Ypres Rally and at Rali Vinho da Madeira but he also twice retired from 1st position almost at the end of rally.
Jan Kopecký : In 2011 Kopecký was entered by Škoda Motorsport at the 2011 Monte Carlo Rally alongside of Freddy Loix, Juho Hänninen and Nicolas Vouilloz.
Jan Kopecký : In the 2006 World Rally Championship season he competed with co-driver Filip Schovánek driving a Škoda Fabia WRC.
Jan Kopecký : After beginning his career as a circuit touring cars driver, Kopecký changed to rallysport in 2001, winning the national sprintrally championships at first.
Rafael Guijosa : When playing for the Spanish national team, he won bronze medals both in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Rafael Guijosa : Rafael Guijosa Castillo (born 31 January 1969 in Alcalá de Henares) is a former Spanish handball player, and current manager of Iran national handball team.
Nicolas Kiefer : Nicolas Kiefer (; born 5 July 1977), is a former German professional tennis player.
Nicolas Kiefer : He reached the semifinal of the 2006 Australian Open and won a silver medal in men's doubles with partner Rainer Schüttler at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Slim Borgudd : In 1982 Ken Tyrrell hired Borgudd to partner Michele Alboreto, as the Swede had out-qualified the Italian on several occasions in 1981.
Slim Borgudd : Karl Edward Tommy Borgudd, better known as Slim Borgudd (born 25 November 1946) is a Swedish former Formula One driver who raced for the ATS and Tyrrell teams.
Slim Borgudd : His first career was as a drummer, mainly in jazz-rock, most notably for short-lived groups Lea Riders Group, Made In Sweden and Solar Plexus.
Slim Borgudd : In 1986 and 1987, Borgudd was champion in Divisions 2 and 3 of the European Truck Racing Cup, respectively.
Joffre Guerrón : Joffre David Guerrón Méndez (; born April 28, 1985), commonly known as Joffre Guerrón, is an Ecuadorian professional footballer for Ecuadorian Serie A club Barcelona Sporting Club.
Joffre Guerrón : On December 15, 2015, it was confirmed that Joffre Guerrón would be joining Liga MX side Cruz Azul for 2 years.
Joffre Guerrón : In 2007, Guerron began to hold a starting 11 position, with the new manager Edgardo Bauza.
Joffre Guerrón : In 2006, he returned to Ecuador, this time to Liga, at the request of the then manager, Juan Carlos Oblitas.
Hasnat Khan : He is the eldest of four children.
Hasnat Khan : In November 2007, he resigned from the post and began to head a cardiac hospital in Malaysia.
Hasnat Khan : Hasnat Khan is a distant cousin of Imran Khan.
Hasnat Khan : Until 1991 he worked in Sydney, Australia and then began to work in London.
Hasnat Khan : According to Diana's butler Paul Burrell, the princess ended the relationship in June 1997.
Hasnat Khan : His father, Rashid Khan, a graduate of the London School of Economics, ran a prosperous glass factory.
Hasnat Khan : Khan is played by Naveen Andrews, while Diana is played by Naomi Watts.
Hasnat Khan : Khan had a two-year relationship with Diana, Princess of Wales, who is said to have described him as "Mr Wonderful".
Hasnat Khan : He was in a romantic relationship with Diana, Princess of Wales from 1995 to 1997.
Hasnat Khan : The relationship between Khan and Princess Diana is portrayed in the film "Diana" (2013), directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel and based on Kate Snell’s book "Diana: Her Last Love" (2001).
Hasnat Khan : As of August 2013, Khan is working as a consultant cardiothoracic surgeon at Basildon University Hospital.
Hasnat Khan : In May 1996, Diana visited the Khan family in Lahore.
Hasnat Khan : Khan married 28-year-old Hadia Sher Ali in Pakistan, descended from Afghan Royalty, in May 2006.
Hasnat Khan : In July 2008, Khan and Ali filed an application for divorce in the local arbitration council of Islamabad.
Hasnat Khan : In 2000, he worked at St Bart’s hospital, after which he served at Harefield Hospital.
Hasnat Khan : He served at the Royal Brompton Hospital in London from 1995 to 1996, then he began to work at the London Chest Hospital.
Manolo Lama : Manolo Lama (born January 3, 1962 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish radio sportscaster.
Christian Wilhelmsson : Christian Ulf Wilhelmsson (; born 8 December 1979), nicknamed "Chippen", is a Swedish former footballer who played as a left winger.
Christian Wilhelmsson : Wilhelmsson played 79 times with Sweden, representing the nation at the 2006 World Cup and in three European Championships.
Emre Belözoğlu : Emre Belözoğlu (, born 7 September 1980) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fenerbahçe.
Emre Belözoğlu : Pelé named him in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers as a part of FIFA's centenary celebrations.
Emre Belözoğlu : On 17 June 2014, Belözoğlu was sentenced to a two-and-a-half-month suspended prison sentence as a result of the abuse, with the crime constituted as an insult crime.
Emre Belözoğlu : Since making his international debut against Norway in 2000, Belözoğlu has been a regular in the Turkish setup.
Emre Belözoğlu : On 2 July 2019, Fenerbahçe announced the signing of Belözoğlu for a year.
Emre Belözoğlu : In 2001, he moved to Inter Milan for £5 million.
Emil Kostadinov : Emil Lubtchov Kostadinov (; born 12 August 1967) is a former Bulgarian football forward, former member of the Bulgaria national team for which he played in two World Cups.
Emil Kostadinov : He earned 70 caps in which he scored 26 goals.
Michael J. Flynn : In 1995 he received a Harry H. Goode Memorial Award.
Michael J. Flynn : Flynn co-founded Palyn Associates with Maxwell Paley and in 2014 is Chairman of Maxeler Technologies.
Janez Janša : Excluding this interval, Janša remained the leader of the opposition until 2004.
Janez Janša : He has led the Slovenian Democratic Party since 1993.
Janez Janša : Ivan Janša (; born 17 September 1958), baptized and best known as Janez Janša , is a Slovenian politician who was Prime Minister of Slovenia from 2004 to 2008 and again from 2012 to 2013.
Janez Janša : In 1989, Janša was involved in the founding of one of the first opposition parties in Slovenia, the Slovenian Democratic Union (SDZ) and became its first vice-president, and later president of the Party Council.
Noah Ngeny : A car crash in Kenya in November of that year put him out of action for much of the winter.
Noah Ngeny : This record was surpassed by Bernard Lagat's 3:26.34 in Bruxelles on 24 August 2001.
Noah Ngeny : On 5 September 1999, Ngeny set the world record 2:11.96 over 1000 m in Rieti, Italy, breaking the 18-years-standing record 2:12.18 set by Sebastian Coe in 1981.
Noah Ngeny : Noah Kiprono Ngeny (born 2 November 1978) is a former Kenyan athlete, Olympic gold medalist at 1500 m at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and world record holder in the 1000 m.
Noah Ngeny : On 7 July 1999, in Roma, Ngeny was second to Hicham El Guerrouj when the latter set the world record (3:43.13) for the mile run.
Bode Miller : Bode spoke about how, when younger, he had a premonition that he would have twin boys.
Bode Miller : Miller's fame was partly spawned by his 2002 Winter Olympics slalom performance.
Bode Miller : In April 2018, the couple announced that they were expecting their third child together.
Bode Miller : On June 10, 2018, 19-month old Emeline died after drowning in a swimming pool at a neighbor's house in Orange County, California.
Bode Miller : On August 12, 2019, both Bode and Morgan announced they were expecting twin boys on NBC's Today Show.
Bode Miller : On October 7, 2012, Miller married professional beach volleyball player and model Morgan Beck.
Bode Miller : Their second son, Easton Vaughn Rek Miller, was born on October 5, 2018.
Bode Miller : Miller has a daughter, Neesyn Dace (born 2008), with Chanel Johnson and son, Samuel Bode Nathaniel “Nate” Miller-McKenna (born 2013) with Sara McKenna.
Raymond Felton : On July 25, 2016, Felton signed with the Los Angeles Clippers.
Raymond Felton : Felton was selected 5th overall in the 2005 NBA draft by the Charlotte Bobcats.
Raymond Felton : Raymond Bernard Felton, Jr. (born June 26, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Raymond Felton : On July 16, 2012, Felton and Kurt Thomas were traded to the New York Knicks for Jared Jeffries, Dan Gadzuric, the rights to Kostas Papanikolaou and Giorgos Printezis, and a second round draft pick.
Jean-Pierre Jabouille : Jean-Pierre Alain Jabouille (born 1 October 1942) is a French former racing driver.
Jean-Pierre Jabouille : This was the first victory for a turbocharged car in Formula One.
Carlos Alazraqui : Wow!
Carlos Alazraqui : Wubbzy!"
Carlos Alazraqui : Carlos Jaime Alazraqui was born on July 20, 1962, in Yonkers, New York, to Argentine parents.
Carlos Alazraqui : After winning in his fourth year of competing at the San Francisco International Comedy Competition, Alazraqui took his prize money and moved to Los Angeles.
Carlos Alazraqui : Alazraqui is known for his live-action work in "Reno 911!
Carlos Alazraqui : He moved with his family to Concord, California, at an early age.
Carlos Alazraqui : Carlos Jaime Alazraqui (born July 20, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, singer, impressionist, producer and screenwriter, possibly best known for his role as Deputy James Garcia on "Reno 911!".
Carlos Alazraqui : In 2006, he added Salty Mike from "Squirrel Boy" and Walden in "Wow!
Carlos Alazraqui : He played Wisk in Glen Hill's 2000 film version of L. Frank Baum's "The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus".
Carlos Alazraqui : In 2005, he added the voices for two Cartoon Network series – "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee" where he played Monroe, a guardian dog with a Scottish accent and three characters in "Camp Lazlo": Lazlo, Clam and Chef McMuesli.
Patrick J. Adams : He attended Northern Secondary School.
Patrick J. Adams : His father is journalist Claude Adams.
Patrick J. Adams : Playing the Rex Tyler iteration, he appeared at the end of the season 1 finale before being killed off in the season 2 premiere.
Patrick J. Adams : Adams and Bellisario married on December 10, 2016 in Santa Barbara, California.
Patrick J. Adams : Patrick Johannes Adams (born August 27, 1981) is a Canadian actor and director.
Patrick J. Adams : Adams was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Patrick J. Adams : He appeared in HBO's 2012 TV series "Luck" as recurring character Nathan Israel.
Patrick J. Adams : Following his parents' divorce, Adams moved from Toronto to Los Angeles at age 19, where he attended the University of Southern California, earning a B.F.A.
Patrick J. Adams : After earning the Jack Nicholson Award in 2004, which provided scholarships directly funded by the eponymous actor to outstanding performers at the school and earning his BFA, he immediately began working on a production of Edward Albee's "The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?"
Patrick J. Adams : He is best known for playing Mike Ross, a brilliant college dropout turned unlicensed lawyer in USA Network's TV series "Suits".
Patrick J. Adams : In 2016, Adams was cast as Hourman in the TV series "Legends of Tomorrow".
Patrick J. Adams : Adams' work in film includes supporting roles in "Old School" and "Two: Thirteen", and lead roles in "Weather Girl" (a 2009 Slamdance entry) and the 2009 Berlin International Film Festival competitor "Rage", directed by Sally Potter.
Patrick J. Adams : Adams appeared in episodes of "Cold Case", "Pretty Little Liars", "Jack & Bobby", and has since had roles in "Lost", "Friday Night Lights", "Without a Trace", "Commander in Chief", "Heartland", "Ghost Whisperer", "NCIS", "Cupid", "Luck", "Raising the Bar", "Legends of Tomorrow", "Lie to Me" and "Suits".
Patrick J. Adams : In 2010, Adams guest starred in "Pretty Little Liars", in the 5th episode; "Reality Bites Me" as Ezra Fitz's college friend, Hardy.
Patrick J. Adams : He starred as twin brothers in the 2008 ABC pilot "Good Behavior", executive produced by Rob Thomas.
Patrick J. Adams : In 2009, he signed for the male lead in the one-hour drama "The Dealership", starring opposite Tricia Helfer and William Devane.
Jermain Defoe : Jermain Colin Defoe (born 7 October 1982) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premiership club Rangers, on loan from AFC Bournemouth of the , and the England national team.
Luciano Vella : He endured a rather unsuccessful spell in Spain with Cádiz relegated after the 2005-06 season.
Luciano Vella : He transferred to then La Liga club Cádiz CF in January 2006.
Luciano Vella : He started playing football for his home town club Newell's Old Boys.
Luciano Vella : They were then unable to bounce back the following season (finishing 5th), and with the club looking to miss promotion again half-way through the 2007-08 season, Vella returned to Argentina with Vélez Sársfield for the start of the 2008 Clausura championship.
Luciano Vella : Luciano Germán Vella (born April 13, 1981) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a right-back.
Massimo Ranieri : In 2005, he returned on the stage with the show "Accussì Grande", after a long bout with illness, from which he fully recovered.
Massimo Ranieri : In February 2007, he started a concert tour of Italy, titled "Canto perché non-so nuotare...da 40 anni" which lasted for more than two years, with more than 500 shows, was made into a CD and a DVD, which went platinum.
Massimo Ranieri : On 16 October 2002, Massimo Ranieri was nominated Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
Massimo Ranieri : Massimo Ranieri (born Giovanni Calone, 3 May 1951) is an Italian singer, actor, television presenter, voice actor and director.
Massimo Ranieri : He was discovered by a music producer about four years later and was flown to New York to record an EP under the name of Gianni Rock.
Massimo Ranieri : He represented Italy in the 1971 "Eurovision Song Contest" in Dublin, Ireland, where he placed 5th with the song "L'Amore E' Un Attimo. "
Newt Gingrich : He resigned altogether from the House on January 3, 1999.
Newt Gingrich : The contract ranged from issues such as welfare reform, term limits, crime, and a balanced budget/tax limitation amendment, to more specialized legislation such as restrictions on American military participation in United Nations missions.
Newt Gingrich : Gingrich was raised in Hummelstown (near Harrisburg) and on military bases where his father was stationed.
Newt Gingrich : In 1995, "Time" named him "Man of the Year" for "his role in ending the four-decades-long Democratic majority in the House".
Newt Gingrich : degree in history from Emory University in Atlanta in 1965.
Newt Gingrich : Between 2005 and 2007, Gingrich expressed interest in running for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination.
Newt Gingrich : In 2012, Gingrich was a candidate for the presidential nomination of his party.
Newt Gingrich : Gingrich has three younger half-sisters, Candace and Susan Gingrich, and Roberta Brown.
Newt Gingrich : In 1946, his mother married Robert Gingrich (1925–1996), who adopted him.
Newt Gingrich : Gingrich Communications promoted Gingrich's public appearances, including his Fox News contract and his website, newt.org.
Newt Gingrich : Gingrich was born as Newton Leroy McPherson at the Harrisburg Hospital in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on June 17, 1943.
Newt Gingrich : Gingrich Productions, which is headed by Gingrich's wife Callista Gingrich, was created in 2007.
Newt Gingrich : His mother, Kathleen "Kit" (née Daugherty; 1925–2003), and father, Newton Searles McPherson (1923–1970), married in September 1942, when she was 16 and McPherson was 19.
Serhiy Zhadan : He then spent three years as a graduate student of philology, and taught Ukrainian and world literature from 2000 to 2004.
Serhiy Zhadan : Zhadan was born in Starobilsk, Luhansk Oblast in Ukraine.
Serhiy Zhadan : It is difficult to assign a genre to his work: memoir, travelogue, timely or untimely meditation – or a mixture of all these, centered on the themes "my generation" and "our epoch".
Serhiy Zhadan : Zhadan's prose is so poetic, his free verse so prosaic.
Serhiy Zhadan : When you read him, you fear for contemporary Russian literature: of those now writing in the Russian language, there is none among them who is so infernally free (and above all, free from "writerly" prose, from the tendency to "produce an impression").
Serhiy Zhadan : There is no summarizing the spicy, hot, sweet, vicious improvisations of Serhiy Zhadan – this is verbal jazz.
Serhiy Zhadan : In March 2008, the Russian translation of his novel "Anarchy in the UKR" made the shortlist of the National Bestseller Prize.
Serhiy Zhadan : His own works have been translated into German, English, Estonian, French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian, Polish, Serbian, Croatian, Lithuanian, Latvian, Belarusian, Russian, Hungarian, Armenian, and Czech.
Serhiy Zhadan : Serhiy Viktorovych Zhadan (; born 23 August 1974) is a Ukrainian poet, novelist, essayist, and translator.
Curt Smith : ".
Curt Smith : They first formed a band in their teens, for which Smith taught himself to play bass guitar.
Curt Smith : The semi-autobiographical album explores Smith's relationships with his children, parents and friends.
Curt Smith : Smith later released the album "Aeroplane" under his own name.
Curt Smith : He reunited with Orzabal, as Tears for Fears, in 2000.
Curt Smith : In April 2007, French record label XIII Bis Records released "Halfway, Pleased" in France.
Curt Smith : The band was mostly a live act but did release a self-titled album in 1998, which met with little success.
Curt Smith : The album was unsuccessful in the UK, and was not released at all in the U.S. Smith later claimed that he made the album purely to fulfil his record contract with Mercury/Phonogram.
Curt Smith : During 2000, Smith began work on what was to become "Halfway, Pleased", but the project was put on hold when he re-established contact with Roland Orzabal again after almost a decade of silence.
Curt Smith : In the U.S., this was a six-track EP, but in Canada and elsewhere, it was essentially the earlier Mayfield album combined with additional songs from the U.S. EP.
Curt Smith : After leaving Tears for Fears, Smith released his first solo album, "Soul on Board", in 1993.
Curt Smith : Curt Smith (born 24 June 1961) is an English singer, songwriter, musician, record producer, and co-founding member of the pop rock band Tears for Fears along with childhood friend Roland Orzabal.
Curt Smith : After moving to New York, Smith formed the band Mayfield with guitarist-producer Charlton Pettus and which also featured Russ Irwin & Doug Petty on keyboards, Smith himself on bass and vocals and finally Shawn Pelton on drums.
Curt Smith : Its 14 tracks included the original version of "Who You Are" (which was recorded by Tears for Fears on "Everybody Loves a Happy Ending"); a live version of "Snow Hill" from the 2005 Tears for Fears UK tour; the single version of "Seven of Sundays" (also recorded as a duet with French singer SO); and a cover of "On Ira Tous au Paradis" (also available on "A Tribute to Polnareff").
Gary Rydstrom : He has been nominated for 19 Academy Awards for his work in sound for movies, winning 7.
Gary Rydstrom : His debut feature film for the studio, "Newt", has been put on indefinite hold.
Gary Rydstrom : Gary Roger Rydstrom (born June 29, 1959) is an American sound designer and director.
Gary Rydstrom : He made his directorial debut with the Pixar short "Lifted", for which he received his fourteenth Academy Award nomination.
Gary Rydstrom : Rydstrom also worked with "Terminator 2" director James Cameron on a new 5.1 surround mix for the original "Terminator."
Gary Rydstrom : The sound design for "Backdraft", prepared from scratch, would become the precursor for his sound for "".
Gary Rydstrom : He has also directed the Pixar short "Hawaiian Vacation" and the Lucasfilm animated feature "Strange Magic".
Gary Rydstrom : Gary won an Academy Award for his work on "Terminator 2: Judgment Day", for which he pioneered techniques still used today for creating realistic sound effects.
Gary Rydstrom : He began his career at Skywalker Sound, Northern California in 1983.
Gary Rydstrom : After gaining invaluable experience as a sound technician in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", he went on to do sound design for the comedy "Spaceballs".
Gary Rydstrom : Offered the job by a college professor, Gary received the opportunity to work with his mentor, "Star Wars" sound designer Ben Burtt.
Gary Rydstrom : Rydstrom has also served as English language director on "Tales From Earthsea", "Arrietty", "From Up on Poppy Hill", and "The Wind Rises", all four films were produced by Japanese animation company Studio Ghibli.
Mattias Ekström : Mattias Ekström (born July 14, 1978 in Falun, Sweden) is a racing driver from Sweden.
Mattias Ekström : Ekström debuted in karting in 1993.
Mattias Ekström : In 1998 he drove a Ford Mondeo, claiming four podiums.
Mattias Ekström : He switched rides again in 2000, finishing third with a factory Volvo S40.
Mattias Ekström : The next years he competed at the Renault 5 Turbo Cup, winning the championship in 1996.
Mattias Ekström : The driver progressed to the Swedish Touring Car Championship in 1997, finishing runner-up with a Volvo 850.
Mattias Ekström : He debuted in the WRC in 1999 and recorded his best result at the 2005 Swedish Rally, finishing tenth in a Škoda factory team Fabia WRC.
Mattias Ekström : He also participated in the Bathurst 1000 in 2013 alongside Andy Priaulx in a 'wildcard' entry.
Mattias Ekström : In 2006, he won the "Henri Toivonen Memorial Trophy" and earned the title "Champion of Champions" at the 2006 Race of Champions, by winning over Sébastien Loeb in the individual event finals.
Mattias Ekström : In 2001, Ekström joined the Abt Junior team to compete at the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters.
Mattias Ekström : The team made their debut at the Norwegian round of the 2014 World Rallycross Championship season in Hell, fielding a pair of Audi S1s for Ekström and 2013 Junior World Rally Champion Pontus Tidemand.
Markus Schopp : He retired from football in December 2007 due to chronic back problems.
Markus Schopp : Schopp played for Sturm Graz and Red Bull Salzburg (Austria), as well as Hamburger SV (Germany) and Brescia Calcio (Italy).
Markus Schopp : He made his debut for Austria in an August 1995 European Championship qualifying match against Latvia and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Markus Schopp : Markus Schopp (born 22 February 1974) is an Austrian football coach and a former midfielder.
Walter Mondale : I just did."
Walter Mondale : From 1986 to 1993, Mondale was chairman of the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs.
Walter Mondale : While in the Senate, he supported consumer protection, fair housing, tax reform, and the desegregation of schools.
Walter Mondale : Upon conceding defeat, Mondale stated: "At the end of what will be my last campaign, I want to say to Minnesota, you always treated me well, you always listened to me."
Walter Mondale : President Bill Clinton appointed Mondale United States Ambassador to Japan in 1993; he retired in 1996.
Walter Mondale : in political science in 1951.
Walter Mondale : Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale (born January 5, 1928) is an American politician, diplomat and lawyer who served as the 42nd vice president of the United States from 1977 to 1981.
Walter Mondale : Following the election, Mondale returned to private law practice, with Dorsey & Whitney in Minneapolis in 1987.
Walter Mondale : Bill, he graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1956.
Walter Mondale : When Jimmy Carter won the Democratic nomination for president in 1976, he chose Mondale as his Vice President.
Walter Mondale : Aides later said that Mondale was determined to make a historic choice with his vice presidential candidate, having considered San Francisco Mayor Dianne Feinstein (female and Jewish); Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley, an African American; and San Antonio Mayor Henry Cisneros, a Mexican American, as other finalists for his running mate.
Walter Mondale : Mondale was elected to the Senate for the first time in 1966, defeating Republican candidate Robert A. Forsythe, by 53.9 percent to 45.2.
Zlatko Junuzović : He is known as a free-kick specialist.
Zlatko Junuzović : In January 2012, Junuzović joined Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen, signing a contract running until 30 June 2015.
Rui Jordão : After he retired, Jordão moved away from the football world and became a painter and a sculptor.
Rui Jordão : Fernando Gomes, the president of the Portuguese Football Federation, delivered a statement describing him as "peerless".
Rui Jordão : He died on 18 October 2019 at the age of 67, having been hospitalised with heart problems in Cascais.
Rui Jordão : Rui Manuel Trindade Jordão (; 9 August 1952 – 18 October 2019) was a Portuguese footballer.
Walter Riccomi : Walter Riccomi (18 January 1950) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer.
Andranik Teymourian : He played the full 90 minutes in all three group stage matches, becoming the most capped Iran player at the World Cup with six matches alongside Mehdi Mahdavikia.
Andranik Teymourian : Andranik Timotian-Samarani, commonly known as Andranik "Ando" Teymourian (, "Ândrânik Teymuryân"; "Andranik T’eymurean", born 6 March 1983) is an Iranian footballer who is currently a free agent.
Edmond Kapllani : He made his debut for Albania in a March 2004 friendly match against Iceland in Tirana and earned a total of 41 caps, scoring 6 goals.
Dan Auerbach : Other major influences include: Robert Johnson, R.L.
Dan Auerbach : His father is of Polish Jewish descent and his mother is of part Manx descent.
Dan Auerbach : I studied him so much... Getting F's in college, when I should've been studying, I was listening to Junior Kimbrough's music instead".
Dan Auerbach : "I've listened to him so much, it's just how I hear it...
Dan Auerbach : He was influenced early-on by his mother's side of the family, notably his uncles who played bluegrass music.
Dan Auerbach : During college Auerbach was heavily influenced by Junior Kimbrough, eventually resulting in his dropping out to pursue the guitar more seriously.
Dan Auerbach : His maternal cousin, twice removed, was philosopher and logician Willard Van Orman Quine, and his second cousin once removed was the late guitarist Robert Quine.
Dan Auerbach : In addition to winning several Grammy Awards as a member of the Black Keys, Auerbach received the 2013 Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical and was nominated again for the award in 2019.
Dan Auerbach : Burnside, Clarence White, Robert Nighthawk, T-Model Ford, Hound Dog Taylor, Mississippi Fred McDowell, Kokomo Arnold, Son House and RZA of the Wu-Tang Clan.
Dan Auerbach : Auerbach described himself as a normal teenager in high school who smoked marijuana and captained the soccer team at Firestone High School.
Dan Auerbach : Daniel Quine Auerbach (born May 14, 1979) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer, best known as the guitarist and vocalist of the Black Keys, a blues rock band from Akron, Ohio.
Eric Singer : Eric Singer (born Eric Doyle Mensinger; May 12, 1958) is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer, best known as a member of Kiss, portraying The Catman originally played by Peter Criss.
Eric Singer : He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath, Alice Cooper, Lita Ford, Badlands, Brian May and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP.
David Arroyo : David Arroyo Durán (born 7 January 1980) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer, who most recently rode for UCI Continental team .
Kieren Perkins : Kieren John Perkins, OAM (born 14 August 1973) is an Australian former competition swimmer, four-time Olympic medalist and former world record-holder in three events.
Magnús Scheving : In 1993, he became the Scandinavian champion, and was the European champion twice in 1994 and 1995.
Magnús Scheving : Magnús Örn Eyjólfsson Scheving (; born 10 November 1964) is an Icelandic writer, entrepreneur, producer, actor and athlete.
Roger Federer : "It's amazing.
Roger Federer : 1.
Roger Federer : 1.
Roger Federer : They were married at Wenkenhof Villa in Riehen near Basel on 11 April 2009, surrounded by a small group of close friends and family.
Roger Federer : Federer was ranked No.
Roger Federer : However, in 2003 he was ruled "unsuitable" and was subsequently not required to fulfill his military obligation.
Roger Federer : Federer has one sibling, his older sister, Diana, who is the mother of a set of twins.
Roger Federer : He was appointed a Goodwill Ambassador by UNICEF in April 2006 and has appeared in UNICEF public messages to raise public awareness of AIDS.
Roger Federer : Like all male Swiss citizens, Federer was subject to compulsory military service in the Swiss Armed Forces.
Roger Federer : 13, and 2002 was the first year he was ranked within the top 10, finishing at No.
Roger Federer : Also in 2005, he auctioned his racquet from his US Open championship to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina.
Roger Federer : In December 2006, he visited Tamil Nadu, one of the areas in India most affected by the tsunami.
Roger Federer : He grew up in nearby Birsfelden, Riehen, and then Münchenstein, close to the French and German borders, and he speaks Swiss German, Standard German, English, and French fluently, as well as functional Italian and Swedish; Swiss German is his native language.
Roger Federer : Effective both as a baseliner and a volleyer, his apparent effortlessness and efficient movement on the court have made Federer highly popular among tennis fans.
Roger Federer : He is one of eight men to have achieved a Career Grand Slam.
Roger Federer : The proceeds went to the victims of the tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
Roger Federer : Federer then lost in the final to Rafael Nadal.
Roger Federer : Federer won the 2001 Hopman Cup representing Switzerland, along with Martina Hingis.
Roger Federer : Federer lost the match in four sets.
Roger Federer : Federer has reached a record 31 men's singles Grand Slam finals, including 10 consecutively from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open.
Roger Federer : Federer has also won a record six ATP Finals titles, 28 ATP Tour Masters 1000 titles, and a record 24 ATP Tour 500 titles.
Roger Federer : He has been named the ATP Player of the Year and ITF World Champion five times, and he has won the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year award a record five times, including four consecutive awards from 2005 to 2008.
Roger Federer : At the 2005 Pacific Life Open in Indian Wells, Federer arranged an exhibition involving several top players from the ATP and WTA tour called Rally for Relief.
Roger Federer : Federer has won a record eight Wimbledon men's singles titles, six Australian Open titles, five US Open titles (all consecutive, a record), and one French Open title.
Roger Federer : He won four ITF junior singles tournaments in his career, including the prestigious Orange Bowl, where he defeated Guillermo Coria in the final.
Roger Federer : In addition, Federer reached the US Open Junior final in 1998, losing to David Nalbandian.
Roger Federer : Federer's main accomplishments as a junior player came at Wimbledon in 1998, where he won both the boys' singles final over Irakli Labadze, and in doubles teamed with Olivier Rochus, defeating the team of Michaël Llodra and Andy Ram.
Tomas Brolin : At club level, he had a successful period with A.C. Parma during the early 1990s, winning the 1992 Coppa Italia, the 1993 Cup Winners' Cup, the 1993 UEFA Super Cup and the 1995 UEFA Cup.
Rinus Israël : Marinus "Rinus" David Israël (born 19 March 1942 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch football player, manager and currently scout.
Rinus Israël : He scored one of the two Rotterdam goals in the 1970 European Cup final against Celtic F.C.
Markus Fothen : During 2006 Tour de France, Fothen held the white jersey as leader of the young rider classification for 13 stages, losing it to Damiano Cunego on the 17th stage.
Markus Fothen : In 2003 Fothen won the under-23 World Championship time trial in Hamilton, Canada.
Jean-Paul Belmondo : He was made "Chevalier" (Knight) of the Légion d'honneur, promoted "Officier" (Officer) in 1991 and promoted "Commandeur" (Commander) in 2007.
Jean-Paul Belmondo : Belmondo was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Seine, now Hauts-de-Seine, west of Paris.
Jean-Paul Belmondo : The second was in Jean-Luc Godard's "Breathless" (1960), which made him a major figure in the French New Wave.
Ricky Rubio : He was also named the World Cup MVP.
Ricky Rubio : He missed the rest of the season.
Ricky Rubio : During the tournament Rubio achieved two triple-doubles and a quadruple-double.
Ricky Rubio : On June 30, 2017, Rubio was traded to the Utah Jazz in exchange for a 2018 first-round draft pick.
Ricky Rubio : On July 8, 2019, Rubio signed with the Phoenix Suns on a three-year, $51 million contract.
Ricky Rubio : Ricard Rubio Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association.
Ricky Rubio : On October 31, 2014, Rubio signed a four-year, $56 million contract extension with the Timberwolves.
Ricky Rubio : He then recorded his first career triple-double with 21 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists in a win over the San Antonio Spurs on March 12, 2013.
Bob Bingham : He retired from show business soon afterwards and worked in a managerial position in a zipper factory.
Bob Bingham : Bingham lives in Brewster, New York with his wife and two children.
Bob Bingham : Along with Barry Dennen (Pilate) and Yvonne Elliman (Mary Magdalene), Bingham reprised his Broadway role in the 1973 film "Jesus Christ Superstar".
Bob Bingham : Bingham is best known for playing the role of Caiaphas in Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice's rock opera "Jesus Christ Superstar" in the original Broadway cast and in the 1973 film version.
Nigel Planer : Nigel George Planer (born 22 February 1953) is an English actor, comedian, novelist and playwright who played Neil in the cult BBC comedy "The Young Ones" and Ralph Filthy in "Filthy Rich & Catflap".
Nigel Planer : As Neil from "The Young Ones", Planer gained a number two hit single in 1984 in the form of "Hole in My Shoe", (originally a hit for 1960s band Traffic).
Nigel Planer : A founding member of the London Comedy Store and original member of The Comic Strip – pioneers of the alternative comedy movement in the United Kingdom.
Nigel Planer : Planer was born in Westminster, London.
Gilles Delion : Gilles Delion (born August 5, 1966) is a former French road bicycle racer.
David Aganzo : David Aganzo Méndez (born 10 January 1981) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a striker.
David Aganzo : Never a part of the club's plans, he went on to serve four consecutive loans: CF Extremadura, RCD Espanyol, Real Valladolid and Levante UD; however, after appearing against Rosenborg BK in the 1999–2000 UEFA Champions League, he earned a winner's medal.
David Aganzo : He returned to his country two years later, joining division two club CD Lugo.
Russell Mulcahy : Mulcahy's career began as a film editor for Australia's Seven Network.
Russell Mulcahy : Russell Mulcahy (born 23 June 1953) is an Australian film director.
Russell Mulcahy : He also directed videos for Boy George, Falco, Go West, Cliff Richard, Supertramp, The Motels, Talk Talk, The Stranglers, 10cc, The Human League, Classix Nouveaux, XTC, and AC/DC
Trevor Francis : Trevor John Francis (born 19 April 1954) is an English former footballer who played as a forward for a number of clubs in England, Scotland, Italy and the United States.
Trevor Francis : As a result, Francis was sold to Italian club Sampdoria.
Zach Randolph : It was his highest total scored off the bench since 2006.
Zach Randolph : After his freshman season, he entered the 2001 NBA draft.
Zach Randolph : In 2004, he won the NBA's Most Improved Player award, after which he signed a 6-year, $84-million extension with the Blazers.
Zach Randolph : As a senior, he again led his team to the state championship game in which Marion High School won its seventh state basketball championship.
Zach Randolph : On July 10, 2017, Randolph signed a two-year, $24 million contract with the Sacramento Kings.
Zach Randolph : Zachary McKenley Randolph (born July 16, 1981) is an American former professional basketball player.
Rolandas Paksas : Rolandas Paksas (; born 10 June 1956) is a Lithuanian politician who was President of Lithuania from 2003 to 2004.
Rolandas Paksas : He was the first European head of state to have been impeached.
Kalu Uche : Uche's younger brother, Ikechukwu Uche, is also a footballer.
Kalu Uche : He finished the 2009–10 season with a career-best nine goals, including a brace on 4 May 2010 against Villarreal CF in a 4–2 home win, which all but certified permanence in the top level for another year.
Kalu Uche : Kalu Uche (born 15 November 1982) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Álvaro Pombo : His first book of poetry, "Protocolos", was published in 1973, and four years later he won the "El Bardo" prize for his 1977 "Variaciones".
Álvaro Pombo : Returning to Spain that year, he published a collection of short stories, "Relatos sobre la falta de sustancia", many of which contained homosexual characters and themes.
Álvaro Pombo : Álvaro Pombo García de los Ríos (born 23 June 1939) is a Spanish poet, novelist and activist.
Bertrand Delanoë : After leaving school, Delanoë is said to have started studies in law at the University of Toulouse.
Bertrand Delanoë : In 1995, he was elected to the French Senate, where he was secretary of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Defense.
Bertrand Delanoë : Delanoë was virtually unknown before the election of 2001, but soon gained fame for organising new and unusual events in Paris, such as the "Paris Beach" ("Paris-Plages") on the banks of the Seine every summer in order to give Parisians who could not take a regular vacation a chance to relax, sunbathe and build sandcastles in the center of Paris.
Bertrand Delanoë : Delanoë has been involved in politics since the age of twenty-three as the secretary of the Socialist federation in Aveyron.
Bertrand Delanoë : He was first elected to the Paris city council in 1977.
Bertrand Delanoë : Delanoë won the mayorship of Paris, at the head of a coalition of Socialists, Greens and Communists, over the conservative candidates Jean Tiberi and Philippe Séguin, who were unable to resolve their differences and thereby split the conservative vote.
Bertrand Delanoë : His assailant was a Muslim immigrant, Azedine Berkane, who reportedly told police that "he hated politicians, the Socialist Party, and homosexuals."
Bertrand Delanoë : Bertrand Delanoë was born 30 May 1950 in Tunis, at that time a protectorate of the French colonial empire, to a French mother and a French-Tunisian father.
Bertrand Delanoë : Delanoë was one of the first major French politicians to announce that he was gay, during a 1998 television interview (before being elected mayor).
Binali Yıldırım : After graduation, Yıldırım served as the director general of the İstanbul Fast Ferries Company (İDO) from 1994 to 2000 while Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was Mayor of İstanbul.
Binali Yıldırım : As Transport Minister, he presided over numerous projects such as Marmaray, high-speed rail lines and an expansion in the country's airport and road facilities, though received heavy criticism and calls for his resignation following the Pamukova train derailment in 2004.
Binali Yıldırım : Binali Yıldırım was born in Refahiye, Erzincan Province, on 20 December 1955.
Binali Yıldırım : In 2013, Yıldırım was implicated in a government corruption scandal, with the financial and social activities of his family members also coming under scrutiny.
Binali Yıldırım : Leaving office in a cabinet reshuffle in 2013, Yıldırım ran as the AKP candidate for Mayor of İzmir in the 2014 local elections but lost to the incumbent Republican People's Party (CHP) candidate Aziz Kocaoğlu.
Binali Yıldırım : The project was officially inaugurated by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in 2011.
Binali Yıldırım : On 19 May 2016, Yıldırım was announced as the sole candidate for the Justice and Development Party leadership by the party Central Executive Committee (MKYK).
André Dufraisse : André Dufraisse (born 30 June 1926 in Razès, France) is a former cyclo-cross racer from France, a professional from 1950 to 1964.
André Dufraisse : Dufraisse switched to cyclo-cross after finishing second in the 1953 world championship and from then on dominated the sport - in 1956 he won 19 of the 20 races he entered.
Frank Wilczek : In 2012 he proposed the idea of a time crystal.
Frank Wilczek : Frank Anthony Wilczek (; born May 15, 1951) is an American theoretical physicist, mathematician and a Nobel laureate.
Frank Wilczek : He was awarded the Lorentz Medal in 2002.
Frank Wilczek : Born in Mineola, New York, of Polish and Italian origin, Wilczek was educated in the public schools of Queens, attending Martin Van Buren High School.
Frank Wilczek : Wilczek has helped reveal and develop axions, anyons, asymptotic freedom, the color superconducting phases of quark matter, and other aspects of quantum field theory.
Frank Wilczek : In 1973, while a graduate student working with David Gross at Princeton University, Wilczek (together with Gross) discovered asymptotic freedom, which holds that the closer quarks are to each other, the less the strong interaction (or color charge) between them; when quarks are in extreme proximity, the nuclear force between them is so weak that they behave almost as free particles.
Frank Wilczek : The theory, which was independently discovered by H. David Politzer, was important for the development of quantum chromodynamics.
Frank Wilczek : He received his Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and membership in Phi Beta Kappa at the University of Chicago in 1970, a Master of Arts in Mathematics at Princeton University, 1972, and a Ph.D. in physics at Princeton University in 1974.
Frank Wilczek : Wilczek, along with David Gross and H. David Politzer, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2004 for their discovery of asymptotic freedom in the theory of the strong interaction.
Andreas Reinke : Andreas Reinke (born 10 January 1969) is a German retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Jörg Jaksche : Jörg Armin Jaksche (born 23 July 1976 in Fürth) is a German former road bicycle racer.
Fabio Armiliato : In 2008, he participated in the Puccini 150th Anniversary Gala Concert in New York.
Fabio Armiliato : Fabio Armiliato (born 17 August 1956, Genoa) is an Italian tenor.
Fabio Armiliato : His partner was the soprano Daniela Dessì, with whom he frequently performed and recorded.
Fabio Armiliato : He performed "Madama Butterfly" in La Scala, in the Puccini Festival in Torre del Lago, and in the New National Theatre Tokyo.
Fabio Armiliato : He has also performed in the Teatro alla Scala, Milan, in the Opéra de Paris, and in San Francisco Opera.
Fabio Armiliato : In 2012, he appeared in the Woody Allen film "To Rome with Love" as a man with fantastic operatic voice, but only while in the shower.
Fabio Armiliato : In 1993, he debuted in the Metropolitan Opera House in New York in "Il trovatore", returning later in "Aida" and "Madama Butterfly".
Jason McCaslin : Operation M.D.
Jason McCaslin : In 1999, the band signed an international record deal with Island Records.
Jason McCaslin : Jason Paul "Cone" McCaslin (born September 3, 1980) is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer, serving as the bassist and backing vocalist of the band Sum 41.
Jason McCaslin : He acquired the nickname "Cone" from fellow band member Deryck Whibley in high school, because he frequently ate ice cream cones at lunch.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : After Abitur and military service, he studied law, political science and history at the University of Bonn, the University of Geneva, the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva and at Columbia University in New York.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : He has stated that his priority will be to rejuvenate the European Constitution.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : Pöttering is known as an enthusiastic European Federalist and an ally of Angela Merkel.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : He is Roman Catholic, divorced and has two sons.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : Pöttering never got to know his father who was killed in action during the last days of the Second World War.
Hans-Gert Pöttering : Hans-Gert Pöttering (born 15 September 1945) is a German conservative politician (CDU, European People's Party), and was the President of the European Parliament from January 2007 to July 2009.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : The program quickly attracted a large audience.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Since 1997 he has oriented his work toward the Universitat de Barcelona and research in the area of communications theory.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : During this period he also broadcast boxing matches from the Gran Price and the Palau dels Esports de Barcelona.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : But after that first broadcast, he tendered his resignation, due to an alleged incompatibility with the performance of other activities.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Puyal had made the proposal to broadcast games in Catalan to the general director of Cadena SER, Manuel Terán, shortly after the death of Francisco Franco, thinking that it would be possible in the new environment of the Spanish transition to democracy, even though Spain was not yet a democracy.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Since then, and for more than two decades, he has narrated every official match played by FC Barcelona, for a total of more than 2,000 football matches during his career.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Joaquim Maria Puyal i Ortiga (born March 24, 1949) is a Catalan journalist known for his work in television and radio.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : During this same time he directed three programs for TV3 for which he was not the presenter, "Tres pics i repicó", "El joc del segle" and "L'indret de la memòria".
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Puyal went on to narrate more than 500 football matches in Spanish between 1968 and 1976.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : He began his relationship with the small screen in the Miramar studios, on the Catalan circuit of Televisión Española.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : He started out in 1977 presenting the program "Vostè Pregunta" (""You Ask""), with a format then unprecedented in Spanish television.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : On September 5, 1976 Puyal narrated the first Catalan-language broadcast of a football match since the Second Republic.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : In 1967 he began to work with Ràdio Barcelona, where he would remain, in various roles, until 1985.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : In 1989, he hosted the topical debate program "La Vida en un xip", which ran until 1992, and from 1993 to 1994 he presented "Un tomb per la vida," a program in which he invited well-known people to talk about their lives.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : He graduated in romance philology at the Universitat de Barcelona and later obtained a degree in Communication Sciences ("Ciències de la Comunicació") from the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : For two years he was the Barcelona correspondent for "Hora 25," led by José María García.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Apart from presenting his show in Catalan, he also hosted a number of programmes for national airing in Spanish, such as "Memorias del Cine Español" (""Memories of Spanish Cinema"") (1978), "Mano a mano" (""Hand in Hand"") (1981) and the first edition of the nightly talk show, "Buenas Noches" (""Good Night"") (1982), with Mercedes Milá.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Cadena SER approved the project to broadcast football in Catalan on FM radio and the new program "Futbol en català" was from the beginning supported by La Caixa, which paid for all its expenses.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : He has been a mentor to notable Catalan journalists to whom he gave their first professional opportunity, including Antoni Bassas, Eduard Boet, Pilar Calvo, Xavier Bosch, Marcel Gorgori, Manel Fuentes, Ricard Torquemada and Mònica Terribas.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : Joaquim Maria Puyal's popularity and prestige is due as much to his radio career as to his work in television.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : In 1985 Puyal left Ràdio Barcelona and signed with Catalunya Ràdio with his entire team, including Antoni Bassas and Eduard Boet.
Joaquim Maria Puyal : The director of the station, Manuel Tarín Iglesias, proposed that Puyal broadcast a football match between FC Barcelona and Córdoba Club de Fútbol.
Fermín Cacho : Representing Europe
Fermín Cacho : Fermín Cacho Ruiz (born 16 February 1969) is a Spanish track and field athlete, winner of the 1500 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Fermín Cacho : He held the European record at 1500 m with a time of 3:28.95 for 16 years (1997–2013), until Mo Farah broke it with a time of 3:28.81.
Fermín Cacho : He won the bronze medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest, and finished fourth in the World Championships at Seville in 1999.
Enrique Peña Nieto : The most important of these was highway infrastructure, which tripled under Peña's government.
Enrique Peña Nieto : 1963) and the couple had three children: Paulina, Alejandro and Nicole.
Enrique Peña Nieto : In 2012, the president-elect emphasized that he did not support the involvement or presence of armed United States agents in Mexico, but considered allowing the United States to instruct Mexico's military training in counterinsurgency tactics.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Regarding public health services, 196 hospitals and medical centers were built throughout the state and the number of mobile units to attend remote and vulnerable areas doubled.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Peña Nieto had two children outside his first marriage; a son with Maritza Díaz Hernández, and another child, with an undisclosed woman, who died as an infant.
Enrique Peña Nieto : The security policy of Peña Nieto has prioritized the reduction of violence rather than attacking Mexico's drug-trafficking organizations head-on, marking a departure from the strategy of the previous six years during Felipe Calderón's administration.
Enrique Peña Nieto : After attaining a M.B.A. from ITESM, he began his political career by joining the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in 1984.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Beyond that, Peña Nieto promised that no other measures will be taken by the States in Mexico.
Enrique Peña Nieto : He served from 1999 to 2000 as the Sub-secretary of Government, and as financial sub-coordinator of the political campaign of Montiel Rojas.
Enrique Peña Nieto : On December 1, 2018, Enrique Peña Nieto left office and was succeeded by Andrés Manuel López Obrador.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Enrique Peña Nieto was born on 20 July 1966 in Atlacomulco, State of Mexico, a city northwest of Mexico City.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Part of Peña Nieto's strategy consists of the creation of a national police of 40,000 members, known as a "gendarmerie".
Enrique Peña Nieto : Peña Nieto joined the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in 1984, and with a law degree nearly completed, he began earning his own money.
Enrique Peña Nieto : The major projects in public transportation were the Suburban Railway of the Valley of Mexico Metropolitan Area and the "Mexibús", both of which served commuters between Mexico City and the State of Mexico, providing service to more than 300,000 people every day and 100 million a year.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Peña Nieto sought a master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) at the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM), based in the State of Mexico.
Enrique Peña Nieto : In 2008, Peña Nieto began a relationship with Televisa soap opera actress Angélica Rivera, whom he had hired to help publicize his political campaign for the State of Mexico.
Enrique Peña Nieto : In his twenties, he worked at the San Luis Industrial Corporation, an auto parts manufacturer, and at the law firm Laffan, Muse and Kaye.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Peña Nieto was elected to a local deputy position in his hometown of Atlacomulco, State of Mexico, in 2003.
Enrique Peña Nieto : On 15 September 2005, Peña Nieto was sworn as governor of the State of Mexico at the Morelos theater in Toluca.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Enrique Peña Nieto (; born 20 July 1966), commonly referred to by his initials EPN, is a Mexican politician who served as the 57th President of Mexico from December 1, 2012, to November 30, 2018.
Enrique Peña Nieto : While campaigning, Peña Nieto appointed a former general of the National Police of Colombia as his external advisor for public security, and promised to reduce the murder rate in Mexico by 50% by the end of his six-year term.
Enrique Peña Nieto : After his term concluded, he served as the administrative secretary, as president of the Directive Council of Social Security, as president of the Internal Council of Health, and as vice president of the National System for Integral Family Development – all in the State of Mexico.
Enrique Peña Nieto : He is the nephew of two former governors of the State of México: on his mother's side, Arturo Montiel; on his father's, Alfredo del Mazo González.
Enrique Peña Nieto : Two years later, the governorship of the State of Mexico was sought by Atlacomulco-natives Carlos Hank Rhon, Isidro Pastor, Héctor Luna de la Vega, Guillermo González Martínez, Óscar Gustavo Cárdenas Monroy, Eduardo Bernal Martínez, Cuauhtémoc García Ortega and Fernando Alberto García Cuevas.
Enrique Peña Nieto : He is the oldest of four siblings; his father, Gilberto Enrique Peña del Mazo, was an electrical engineer; his mother, María del Perpetuo Socorro Ofelia Nieto Sánchez, a schoolteacher.
Mariano Toedtli : Mariano Ramón Toedtli Leones (born 23 March 1976) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker.
Mariano Toedtli : During his two years with the team he was almost always a backup, but he did net twice in a 3–0 away win against FC Barcelona on 15 December 2002, as the side went on to finish in tenth position.
David de la Fuente : He rides for the cycling team, having left after the 2012 season.
David de la Fuente : David de la Fuente Rasilla (born 4 May 1981 in Reinosa, Cantabria) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
David de la Fuente : De la Fuente led the mountains classification of the 2006 Tour de France for a number of stages, donning the Polka Dot jersey after stage 2, and then again after stage 11 until Michael Rasmussen took a commanding lead in the competition.
Jeff Waters : He was born and resides in Ottawa, Ontario.
Jeff Waters : Jeff Waters (born February 13, 1966) is a Canadian guitarist and founder of the metal band Annihilator.
Michael Mukasey : .
Michael Mukasey : The Justice Department must also protect the safety of our children, the commerce that assures our prosperity, and the rights and liberties that define us as a nation."
Michael Mukasey : At his nomination press conference with the President, Mukasey stated, "The task of helping to protect our security, which the Justice Department shares with the rest of our government, is not the only task before us.
Michael Mukasey : He is the recipient of several awards, most notably the "Learned Hand Medal" of the Federal Bar Council.
Michael Mukasey : Michael Bernard Mukasey (; born July 28, 1941) is a lawyer and former federal judge who served as the 81st Attorney General of the United States.
Michael Mukasey : On September 17, 2007, Mukasey was nominated by President Bush to replace Alberto Gonzales as the Attorney General.
Giorgio Cavazzano : Giorgio Cavazzano was born 19 October 1947 in Venice, Italy.
Giorgio Cavazzano : At the beginning of his career, his style was affected by Romano Scarpa's style and the prevailing tradition of comic drawing of Carl Barks.
Giorgio Cavazzano : In his career, he has created numerous characters, including Reginella, Umperio Bogarto, O.K.
Malcolm David Kelley : Malcolm David Kelley (born May 12, 1992), sometimes credited as just Malcolm Kelley, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actor best known for portraying the character Walt Lloyd on the ABC series "Lost" and as one half of the pop duo MKTO.
Hermes Desio : Hermes Aldo Desio (born 20 January 1970) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played for Independiente, Celta de Vigo, UD Salamanca and Deportivo Alavés, as a defensive midfielder.
Hermes Desio : Desio's spell in Galicia outlasted that of Aimar, but in December 1996 he moved to second-tier UD Salamanca where he played only until the end of that season; the team finished as runners-up and were promoted, but Desio would remain at the same level, joining Deportivo Alavés.
Friedrich Wetter : In 1953, he was ordained a priest in Rome.
Friedrich Wetter : Friedrich Wetter (born 20 February 1928 in Landau, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany) is a German cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Friedrich Wetter : Born in Landau (Rhineland-Palatinate), Wetter studied in Landau and then, from 1948 to 1956, at the Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology and in the Gregorian University in Rome, where he obtained a doctorate in theology.
Friedrich Wetter : After being chaplain for two years (1956–1958) in Speyer, teaching in the seminary in the same city for another two years (1958–1960), and being assistant parish priest for a year in Glanmünchweiler, he became Professor of Fundamental Theology in Eichstätt for five years (1962–1967) and Professor of Dogmatic Theology at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz in 1967, a post he held for only one year before being appointed bishop.
Friedrich Wetter : He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI.
Gustavo Noboa : Gustavo José Joaquín Noboa Bejarano (born August 21, 1937, in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian politician, former president of Ecuador (from January 22, 2000, to January 15, 2003) and vice president during Jamil Mahuad's government.
Nikola Gruevski : The VMRO-DPMNE won the July 2006 parliamentary election, and on 25 August 2006 he constituted the new government.
Nikola Gruevski : Nikola Gruevski ( ; ; born 31 August 1970) is a politician from North Macedonia who served as Prime Minister of the then-Macedonia from 2006 to 2016, and led the VMRO-DPMNE party from 2003 to 2017.
Luis Islas : In late 1982 Islas was transferred to Estudiantes.
Luis Islas : Luis Alberto Islas Ranieri (born 22 December 1965 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine former football goalkeeper.
Luis Islas : He was transferred to Independiente in 1986 and played for two years.
Luis Islas : He then went to Atlético Madrid in 1988 but did not play a game and was loaned to CD Logroñés.
Luis Islas : Because Goycochea had some weak matches during the qualifiers to the 1994 World Cup, Islas was the starting goalkeeper for Argentina during the 1994 World Cup.
Herbert Wimmer : He was considered as a paragon of a player that never runs out of steam.
Herbert Wimmer : His physical endurance, which earned him the nickname the "iron lung", was one of his major assets.
Herbert Wimmer : With Germany he won the 1972 European Football Championship – there he scored the second goal in the 3–0 win in the final against the USSR – and the 1974 FIFA World Cup, where he took part in two matches.
Herbert Wimmer : He started out as a forward, but in Mönchengladbach his role was primarily to cover defensively for the star of the team in this era, midfield playmaker Günter Netzer.
Herbert Wimmer : Herbert Wimmer started his playing career with lowly Borussia Brand (a place close to the city of Aachen).
Herbert Wimmer : Herbert "Hacki" Wimmer (born 9 November 1944 in Eupen, Belgium) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Herbert Wimmer : With the club he won five national championships (in 1970, 1971, 1975, 1976, and 1978), the German Cup in 1973, and the UEFA Cup in 1975.
Herbert Wimmer : Between 1966 and 1978 he played in 366 Bundesliga matches for Borussia Mönchengladbach and scored 51 goals.
Eloy Azorín : In 2006, he played the role of Jofré Borgia in the Spanish film "Los Borgia", by Miguel Hernández.
Eloy Azorín : Eloy José Arenas Azorín (Madrid, 1977) is a Spanish film, theatre and television actor.
Maalik Wayns : Maalik Benjamin Wayns (born May 2, 1991) is an American-born naturalized Belarusian professional basketball player who plays for the Tsmoki-Minsk of VTB United League.
Maalik Wayns : On July 31, 2012, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
Maalik Wayns : On August 27, 2019, he has signed with Tsmoki-Minsk of VTB United League.
Maalik Wayns : Wayns finished with 6.8 points and 1.3 assists.
Danny Drinkwater : Drinkwater has also played internationally for England at under-18 and under-19 levels.
Danny Drinkwater : Daniel Noel Drinkwater (born 5 March 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aston Villa, on loan from fellow club Chelsea, and the England national team.
Danny Drinkwater : He previously played for Manchester United and Leicester City, and has spent time on loan at Huddersfield Town, Cardiff City, Watford and Barnsley.
Daniel Agyei : He earned his first senior call to the Black Stars for the World Cup qualification match against Mali.
Daniel Agyei : Daniel Agyei (also spelled Adjei; born 10 November 1989 in Dansoman) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays for Tanzanian Premier League club Simba and the Ghana national team, as a goalkeeper.
Daniel Agyei : He made his Ghana national team debut on 18 November 2009 in a friendly match against Angola.
Tomás Pina : Tomás Pina Isla (born 14 October 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo Alavés as a central midfielder.
Tomás Pina : On 7 August of the following year, he returned to Spain and its top tier after agreeing to a one-year loan deal with Deportivo Alavés with a buyout clause.
Tomás Pina : On 4 July 2016, 28-year-old Pina moved abroad for the first time in his career, joining Club Brugge KV from Belgium until 2020.
Catanha : Catanha was born in Recife.
Catanha : Henrique Guedes da Silva (born 6 March 1972), known as Catanha, is a former footballer who played as a striker.
Catanha : After that Catanha went pretty much unnoticed, representing FC Krylia Sovetov Samara, Belenenses, Marília Atlético Clube and Clube Atlético Mineiro.
Taur Matan Ruak : Leaving the military in 2011, he stood as an independent candidate in the 2012 presidential election and prevailed in the second round of the vote, held in April 2012.
Taur Matan Ruak : José Maria Vasconcelos (born 10 October 1956), popularly known by his "nom de guerre" Taur Matan Ruak (Tetum for "Two Sharp Eyes") is an East Timorese politician who has served as the Prime Minister of East Timor since 22 June 2018.
Taur Matan Ruak : He was also President of East Timor from 20 May 2012 to 20 May 2017.
Taur Matan Ruak : Taur Matan Ruak and others regrouped the following day at the base of Monte Legumau ("Monte Apara") and recommenced guerrilla operations after the collapse of the last Timorese resistance base at Matebian Mountain on 22 November 1978.
Taur Matan Ruak : In March 1981 he was appointed Assistant Chief-of-Staff of FALINTIL, responsible for the operational command of the Eastern Sectors and later the Central Sector.
Eduardo Martínez Somalo : Martínez retired as Prefect of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life on 11 February 2004.
Eduardo Martínez Somalo : Eduardo Martínez Somalo (; born 31 March 1927) is a Spanish Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
Eduardo Martínez Somalo : On 5 April 1993 Martínez was named Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church, an office of special importance when the papacy is vacant.
Jon Kortajarena : While there, a booker noticed him and persuaded him to give the fashion world a go.
Jon Kortajarena : He was discovered in September 2003 while vacationing in Barcelona and accompanying a friend who was invited to attend a fashion show.
Jon Kortajarena : Jon Kortajarena Redruello (born 19 May 1985) is a Spanish model and actor.
Jon Kortajarena : Its content, though, quickly drew complaints in Britain and it eventually became restricted to the post-9 PM broadcasts.
Jon Kortajarena : On 26 June 2009, "Forbes" ranked Kortajarena eighth in "The World's 10 Most Successful Male Models".
Jon Kortajarena : With new campaigns on the stands, Terry Richardson photographed Kortajarena for Tom Ford alongside Noah Mills and became the label’s signature male model for the next consecutive seasons.
Jon Kortajarena : He made his international fashion show debut at the fall Milan and Paris fashion weeks for Emporio Armani and John Galliano.
Jon Kortajarena : Kortajarena's other runway credentials include walking for Bottega Veneta, Dolce & Gabbana, Salvatore Ferragamo, Carolina Herrera, Giorgio Armani, John Galliano, and Chanel in Milan and Paris.
Shkodran Mustafi : Mustafi is a practising Muslim.
Shkodran Mustafi : Mustafi started his career in the youth system of local 1.
Shkodran Mustafi : It was his maiden appearance in the competition, as Sampdoria returned to Serie A at first attempt.
Shkodran Mustafi : Born in Bad Hersfeld, Hesse, to an Albanian family originally from Gostivar, in the former Yugoslavia.
Shkodran Mustafi : On 30 August 2016, Mustafi joined English club Arsenal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be in excess of £35 million.
Shkodran Mustafi : He was also named on the bench for the Premier League matches against Arsenal and Manchester City in January.
Shkodran Mustafi : He made his debut in Arsenal's 2–1 Premier League win over Southampton at the Emirates Stadium on 10 September.
Shkodran Mustafi : In the team's second match, he again came on as a substitute, replacing Jérôme Boateng at half time against Ghana.
Shkodran Mustafi : FC Bebra, and had a stint with SV Rotenburg, before joining Hamburger SV's youth setup in 2006.
Shkodran Mustafi : Shkodran Mustafi (; born 17 April 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for club Arsenal and the German national team.
Shkodran Mustafi : On 22 January 2017, he scored his first goal for the club in a home 2–1 league win over Burnley.
Shkodran Mustafi : Mustafi beat Bacary Sagna's record unbeaten start of 17 games at the club in Arsenal's 3–3 draw against Bournemouth with his 18th game without defeat.
Shkodran Mustafi : Mustafi made his competitive debut on 16 December 2009, replacing Tony Hibbert in the 75th minute of a 0–1 home loss against BATE Borisov, for the season's UEFA Europa League.
Richard Lester : The producers decided to split the first film into two after principal photography was completed, the second being called "The Four Musketeers" (1974).
Kim Jong-un : The Chinese foreign ministry has strongly denied that this visit occurred.
Kim Jong-un : From 2009, it was understood by foreign diplomatic services that Kim was to succeed his father Kim Jong-il as the head of the Korean Workers' Party and "de facto" leader of North Korea.
Kim Jong-un : On 17 December 2011, Kim Jong-il died.
Kim Jong-un : North Korean authorities and state-run media have stated that Kim's birthdate was 8 January 1982, but South Korean intelligence officials believe the actual date is a year later.
Kim Jong-un : Former basketball star Dennis Rodman confirmed that 8 January was Kim Jong-un's birthdate after meeting in September 2013 in North Korea, and that Kim was 30 years of age at the time.
Kim Jong-un : Subsequent reports indicated that his name did not appear on the list of lawmakers, but he was later elevated to a mid-level position in the National Defense Commission, which is a branch of the North Korean military.
Kim Jong-un : Kim Jong-un (officially transcribed Kim Jong Un; ; ; born 8 January 1983 or 1984) is a North Korean politician who has been the Supreme Leader of North Korea since 2011 and chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea since 2012.
Kim Jong-un : Later, in June, Kim was reported to have visited China secretly to "present himself" to the Chinese leadership, who later warned against North Korea conducting another nuclear test.
Kim Jong-un : He has been named "Yŏngmyŏng-han Tongji" (), which loosely translates to "Brilliant Comrade".
Kim Jong-un : On 12 June 2018, Kim and US President Donald Trump met for a summit in Singapore, the first-ever talks held between a North Korean leader and a sitting US President, to discuss the North Korean nuclear program.
Kim Jong-un : Kim holds the titles of Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea (as First Secretary between 2012 and 2016), Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Chairman of the State Affairs Commission, commander-in-chief (as SAC chairman), and member of the Presidium of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea, the highest decision-making body in North Korea.
Kim Jong-un : There have also been reports that citizens in North Korea were encouraged to sing a newly composed "song of praise" to Kim Jong-un, in a similar fashion to that of praise songs relating to Kim Jong-il and Kim Il-sung.
Kim Jong-un : Kim Jong-un's eldest half-brother, Kim Jong-nam, had been the favorite to succeed, but reportedly fell out of favor after 2001, when he was caught attempting to enter Japan on a fake passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
Kim Jong-un : The Supreme People's Assembly subsequently elected him first chairman of the National Defence Commission.
Kim Jong-un : On 8 March 2009, BBC News reported that Kim Jong-un was on the ballot for elections to the Supreme People's Assembly, the rubber stamp parliament of North Korea.
Alexander De Croo : In 2009, he participated for the first time in politics with the 2009 European elections.
Alexander De Croo : His election is remarkable because he does not have any previous experience practicing a political mandate.
Alexander De Croo : Marino Keulen received 9.614 votes.
Alexander De Croo : On 12 December 2009, he was elected president in the second round with 11.676 votes.
Alexander De Croo : In 1998, he graduated in Business Engineering at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel.
Alexander De Croo : He received 47.779 preference votes while being positioned tenth on the party ballot.
Alexander De Croo : Starting from 2006, he founded a new company called Darts-ip specialized in providing service to Intellectual Property professionals.
Alexander De Croo : During the elections for the Senate in 2010, he obtained 301.917 preference votes, the third most in the Dutch-speaking constituency.
Alexander De Croo : He attended Northwestern University in Chicago in 2002 to complete an MBA at the Kellogg School of Management.
Alexander De Croo : Van Quickenborne resigned to become mayor of Kortrijk.
Alexander De Croo : Before his political career, Alexander De Croo became a project leader of The Boston Consulting Group in 1999.
Alexander De Croo : On 26 October 2009, he became a candidate for the presidency of his political party Open VLD to succeed the transitional president Guy Verhofstadt.
Alexander De Croo : From 2009 until 2012, he was party leader of (Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats (Open VLD).
Alexander De Croo : Guy Verhofstadt was appointed transitional party president before Gwendolyn Rutten was elected as the new chairwoman of Open VLD.
Alexander De Croo : Alexander De Croo (born 3 November 1975) is a Flemish liberal politician, economist and businessman.
Alexander De Croo : Alexander De Croo succeeded Vincent Van Quickenborne in the Di Rupo Government as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Pensions on October 22, 2012.
Alexander De Croo : In the Michel Government, which took office on October 11, 2014, De Croo holds the office of Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Development Cooperation, Digital Agenda, Telecom and Postal Services.
Alexander De Croo : He chose Vincent Van Quickenborne and Patricia Ceysens as his running mates to compete against Marino Keulen and Gwendolyn Rutten.
Alexander De Croo : Alexander De Croo is the son of former Belgian minister and president of the Chamber of Representatives Herman De Croo.
Tomas Alfredson : Alfredson has received the Guldbagge award for Best Direction twice; in 2005 for "Four Shades of Brown", and in 2008 for "Let the Right One In".
Tomas Alfredson : Hans Christian Tomas Alfredson (born 1 April 1965) is a Swedish film director who is best known internationally for directing the 2008 vampire film "Let the Right One In" and 2011 espionage film "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy".
Juan Arbós : Juan Arbós Perarnau (born November 12, 1952) is a former field hockey player from Spain.
Julian Hodgson : Since 2003, he has not played competitive chess, instead teaching chess in schools.
Julian Hodgson : As an author of chess books and magazine articles, his writing style conveys the same enthusiasm as his lectures.
Julian Hodgson : International Master and Grandmaster titles followed in 1983 and 1988 respectively.
Julian Hodgson : In interviews, he reveals that this was born out of laziness and a reluctance to learn established chess opening theory.
Julian Hodgson : On those occasions that he did not play, his live commentary sessions and evening lectures were well received by amateurs and competing masters alike.
Julian Hodgson : By 2000, he was so at home with the event that he even brought his own executive chair with him, wheeling it from board to board for maximum comfort.
Julian Hodgson : The Trompowsky Attack (1.d4 Nf6 2.Bg5) had floundered in the doldrums for many years, prior to his adoption and development of the opening.
Julian Hodgson : Hodgson's greatest legacy as a chess player may however lie in his resurrection of an almost forgotten opening system.
Julian Hodgson : Julian Michael "Jules" Hodgson (born 25 July 1963) is a British International Grandmaster and former British Chess Champion.
Julian Hodgson : Over a number of years, Hodgson played league chess in both the German Bundesliga and British 4NCL.
Julian Hodgson : A frequent visitor to Spain's Seville Open, he shared first place in 1986 and 1988.
Julian Hodgson : At Oxford in 1998, he shared victory with Jonny Hector, ahead of John Nunn and Emil Sutovsky.
Julian Hodgson : He first came to the notice of the chess world for his phenomenal prowess as a junior, whilst at Hammersmith Chess Club in West London; he was London under-18 champion at 12 years of age and won the British Boys under-21 title aged just 14.
Julian Hodgson : In 1997 he won the Canadian Open Chess Championship, and was joint winner of the National Open in Las Vegas.
Julian Hodgson : A chess journalist once wrote that Hodgson put the 'romp' into Trompowsky.
Julian Hodgson : In domestic competition, Hodgson competed regularly at the British Chess Championship, winning the Champion's title on four occasions (1991, 1992, 1999, and 2000).
Julian Hodgson : He is perhaps most renowned for his "Attack with Julian Hodgson" series of books, but was also a busy contributor to the "Trends" series of chess opening booklets and also the "Foxy Openings" (VHS, later converted to DVD) series, including "Trompowski-Main Line" and "Trompowski Success".
Julian Hodgson : In international team chess, he played for the English Olympiad team, winning the bronze team medal at Novi Sad 1990, and an individual silver medal at Manila 1992.
Julian Hodgson : Aside from more formal achievements, he developed a sharp, relentless, attacking style of play and against lesser opponents this frequently resulted in devastating quick wins, earning him the epithet "Grandmaster of Disaster".
Julian Hodgson : Tournament successes, either shared or outright, included second place Lloyds Bank Open 1986: first place Benidorm 1986: first place Geneva Open 1988: second place Tel Aviv 1988: first place Kecskemét 1988 and first place Dos Hermanas 1989.
Julian Hodgson : It soon became his weapon of choice with the white pieces, leading to a surprising popularisation of the system, the spawning of a whole generation of devotees and ironically, a number of theoretical guides, containing a high quota of Hodgson's own games and analysis.
Julian Hodgson : Indeed, his expert treatment of the system once prompted fellow grandmaster Joe Gallagher to write that it should be renamed the Hodgson–Trompowsky Attack, a view shared by many other masters.
Giuseppe Biava : Giuseppe Biava (born 8 May 1977) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a centre back.
Franco Merli : He has two sons.
Franco Merli : Whether this is true is debatable since no other source for this fact seems to exist.
Franco Merli : However Pasolini was murdered before this came to pass.
Franco Merli : The film was released on DVD in Italy in May 2007.
Franco Merli : He also owns a dog, a Pinscher, called Attila.
Franco Merli : Following his debut he appeared with his hair dyed blond in Gianni Martucci's 1975 comedy "La collegiale".
Franco Merli : Today Franco Merli lives in Rome and works in a bank.
Franco Merli : The fact that he had become so strongly identified as the "face" and "body" of the controversial "Salò" was a contributing factor.
Franco Merli : Reportedly the youngster suddenly went berserk when the gun was put to his head, throwing the scene.
Franco Merli : He supposedly was teased by his peers because of that and consequently was on the edge during most of the shooting.
Franco Merli : "Arabian Nights" appeared in 1974 and was an international success; Merli got a taste for the film business.
Franco Merli : The scene calls for Franco to be shot as a "reward" for having won the contest.
Franco Merli : According to this source Merli also was troubled by rumours on the set that he was homosexual.
Franco Merli : Manni says that it took quite some time to calm Merli down again and persuade him to go through with the shot as planned.
Franco Merli : Or, as he once said: "(...) a boy from Corleone (in Sicily) who has the innocence of his sixteen years in the physique of an eighteen-year-old."
Franco Merli : In 1973, famous Italian poet and filmmaker Pier Paolo Pasolini discovered Merli.
Franco Merli : In this film, Merli was, like the other non-professional actors, addressed by his real first name, Franco.
Franco Merli : It is probable that he secured the role of Fernando thanks to his connection with Pasolini, since the director was not only a friend of Scola but was to write a foreword to the film.
Franco Merli : In a way, Salò made Franco's face immortal since one of the most highly publicised images of the film was the close-up of young Merli as his tongue is cut out in the final torture scenes.
Franco Merli : Perhaps surprisingly it wasn’t about nudity or the degrading things he and the other actors playing the victims had to undergo in front of the camera but occurred during the scene where Merli is chosen as having the most beautiful rear.
Franco Merli : This social satire by Italian director Ettore Scola was also (but for a small part in the 1979 film "Il malato immaginario") Franco Merli's swan song as an actor.
Franco Merli : Since Merli's mentor had died and his choice of roles (or perhaps the ones he was offered) had been rather unconventional, he failed to find further work in the industry, despite his versatility as an actor with a range from pure innocence to debauchery.
Franco Merli : The director immediately knew that Franco Merli, with his small but muscular physique, dark Mediterranean looks, and ready smile, was the perfect choice for the role of Nur Ed Din.
Franco Merli : The 16-year-old was working as a petrol station attendant at that time (as Ninetto Davoli, a friend of Pasolini and actor in most of his films, recounts).
Franco Merli : Pasolini was searching for a young man to play the lead in his upcoming feature "Arabian Nights" ("Il fiore delle mille e una notte").
Franco Merli : The director chose Merli once again, not only because he embodied the "Pasolini-type" to a fault but also because the young actor had already proven in "Arabian Nights" that he was perfectly comfortable appearing nude in front of a camera.
Franco Merli : In 1976, Franco Merli appeared on-screen as Fernando, the son of Nino Manfredi, who earns his money as a transvestite prostitute in "Down and Dirty".
Franco Merli : Franco Merli (born 31 October 1956, Rome, Italy) is an Italian actor, who is best known for his role in "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom".
Franco Merli : In 1975 Pasolini hired him once again, for the role of one of the male victims in his infamous "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom".
Franco Merli : In 2006 Franco Merli once again appeared on the big screen when Giuseppe Bertolucci's documentary on Pasolini and the making of Salò, "Pasolini prossimo nostro" ("Pasolini Next to Us") premiered at the Venice Film Festival.
Arílson : Arílson Gilberto da Costa (born 11 June 1973) is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a midfielder for Esportivo de Bento Gonçalves, Grêmio, Kaiserslautern, Internacional, Palmeiras, Real Valladolid, Universidad de Chile, 15 de Novembro, Portuguesa (SP), América Mineiro, Club Santa Fe, Mogi Mirim and Atlético Tubarão.
Giancarlo Maldonado : He is the son of Carlos Maldonado (born 1963) who was also a professional football player.
Giancarlo Maldonado : Giancarlo Gregorio Maldonado Marrero (, born 29 June 1982) is a Venezuelan footballer who currently plays for Academia Puerto Cabello as a striker.
Alejandro Lembo : Daniel Alejandro Lembo Betancor (born 15 February 1978) is a Uruguayan retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender.
Juan José Jiménez Collar : Juan José Jiménez Collar (born 29 July 1957), known as Juan José, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.
António Simões : António Simões da Costa (); born 14 December 1943), known as Simões, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a left winger.
Armando Sá : Sá was capped six times for the Mozambique national team.
Armando Sá : Armando Miguel Correia de Sá (born 16 September 1975) is a Mozambican retired footballer who played mainly as a right back.
Aleš Čeh : Čeh was capped 74 times and scored one goal for Slovenia.
Aleš Čeh : Aleš Čeh (born 7 April 1968) is a former Slovenian football midfielder who has represented his country at two of the major tournaments for which they have qualified (Euro 2000 and 2002 FIFA World Cup).
Bill Cosby : He created that.
Bill Cosby : I think it's important for us to look at the underlying part of it.
Bill Cosby : What is the value of it?
Bill Cosby : Or Has the Black Middle Class Lost Its Mind?"
Bill Cosby : And we both see things the same way.
Bill Cosby : That must mean that "we are alike.
Bill Cosby : Is it that some people are angry because my people no longer want to work for free?"
Bill Cosby : "Kids Say the Darndest Things" was terminated the same year.
Bill Cosby : ", the first of a series of comedy albums.
Bill Cosby : He then took his talent to the stage.
Bill Cosby : The Cosbys have three grandchildren.
Bill Cosby : However, this show lasted only a season.
Bill Cosby : If you need help and you don't know how to parent, we want to be able to reach out and touch you."
Bill Cosby : So I figure this way I'm doing as much for good race relations as the next guy."
Bill Cosby : Reality is a situation and I can't speak."
Bill Cosby : The dates of the alleged incidents span from 1965 to 2008 across ten U.S. states and one Canadian province.
Bill Cosby : Due to its popularity and controversial nature, it was rebroadcast less than a month later.
Bill Cosby : He is trying to speak honestly and freely and lovingly, and I think that's a very positive thing."
Bill Cosby : In May 2015 he said, "I have been in this business 52 years and I've never seen anything like this.
Bill Cosby : High-profile attorney Gloria Allred was representing 33 of the alleged victims.
Bill Cosby : The network renewed the popular program in November 2000.
Bill Cosby : Right?"
Bill Cosby : 25 colleges and universities have rescinded honorary degrees.
Bill Cosby : It became one of the ratings hits of the season.
Bill Cosby : The full transcript of his deposition was also released to the media by a court reporting service.
Bill Cosby : In November 2014, he responded to a question about the allegations and said: "I don't talk about it."
Bill Cosby : Viewers were taken with the show's exotic locales and the authentic chemistry between the stars.
Bill Cosby : However, he told "Florida Today", "People shouldn't have to go through that and shouldn't answer to innuendos."
Bill Cosby : He also hosted "Cos" in 1976.
Bill Cosby : Its last episode aired April 28, 2000.
Bill Cosby : Teachers noted his propensity for joking around instead of studying, and he described himself as the class clown.
Bill Cosby : He further described those who needed attention as blacks who "had forgotten the sacrifices of those in the Civil Rights Movement".
Bill Cosby : "Fat Albert" was released in theaters in December 2004.
Bill Cosby : Subsequently, Temple University would grant him his bachelor's degree on the basis of "life experience".
Bill Cosby : He transferred to Germantown High School but failed the tenth grade.
Bill Cosby : The sitcom highlighted the experiences and growth of an affluent African-American family.
Bill Cosby : In addition, he produced an hour-long variety show featuring puppets, sketches, and musical numbers.
Bill Cosby : He pleaded for African-American families to educate their children on the many different aspects of American culture.
Bill Cosby : While only a modest critical success, the show was a ratings hit, finishing eleventh in its first season.
Bill Cosby : He worked in physical therapy with Navy and Marine Corps personnel who were injured during the Korean War.
Bill Cosby : Plots were often based on ideas that Cosby suggested while in meetings with the writing staff.
Bill Cosby : The series was an immediate success, debuting near the top of the ratings and staying there for most of its eight-season run.
Bill Cosby : In 2016, Cosby's attorneys reported that he is now legally blind.
Bill Cosby : Cosby has also been vocally critical of conservative Republican politicians in regard to their views on socioeconomic and racial issues.
Bill Cosby : He began bartending at a Philadelphia club, where he would earn bigger tips by making the customers laugh.
Bill Cosby : The works went on display in "Conversations", an exhibit at the National Museum of African Art in 2014.
Bill Cosby : Cosby and his wife have collected over 300 works of African-American art since 1967.
Bill Cosby : On September 25, 2018, he was sentenced to three to ten years in state prison and a $25,000 fine plus court costs of both trials.
Bill Cosby : In December 2014, the Magic Johnson-owned Aspire removed the series from its lineup.
Bill Cosby : CSC hired Artie Mogull as President of the label.
Bill Cosby : Later, in May 2004, he made public remarks critical of African-Americans who put higher priorities on sports, fashion, and "acting hard" than on education, self-respect, and self-improvement.
Bill Cosby : On January 28, 2019, Cosby was moved from administrative segregation into the general population.
Bill Cosby : He created the whole idea of taking a quote-unquote 'comic' and developing a TV show just from a persona that you see on stage."
Bill Cosby : In the mid-1990s, he appeared as a detective in black-and-white film noir-themed commercials for Turner Classic Movies.
Bill Cosby : Many Americans wondered about the absence of race as a topic in Cosby's stories.
Bill Cosby : In May 2007, Cosby spoke at the commencement of High Point University.
Bill Cosby : On the show, Cosby played the role of an obstetrician.
Bill Cosby : Cosby became involved with the foundation in 2004.
Bill Cosby : Rescinded awards due to convictions and allegations of sexual assault:
Bill Cosby : At the beginning of the 1965 season, four stations declined the show; they were in Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.
Bill Cosby : After four seasons, "Cosby" was canceled.
Bill Cosby : For several years, he has been a featured host for its annual benefit, A Great Night in Harlem, at the Apollo Theater in New York City.
Bill Cosby : When accepting his third Emmy for the show, Cosby told the audience: "Let the message be known to bigots and racists that they don't count!"
Bill Cosby : At first, Cosby and NBC executives were concerned that some affiliates might be unwilling to carry the series.
Bill Cosby : Andy Rooney wrote the Emmy-awarded script for Cosby to read.
Bill Cosby : In late 2014, Creative Artists Agency, Cosby's agency since 2012, dropped him as a client.
Bill Cosby : 1966), Ennis (1969–1997), Ensa (1973–2018), and Evin (b.
Bill Cosby : , eight related civil suits were active against Cosby.
Bill Cosby : His story, "The Regular Way", was featured in "Playboy"s December 1968 issue.
Bill Cosby : Cosby married Camille Hanks on January 25, 1964.
Bill Cosby : "I Spy" became the first weekly dramatic television series to feature an African-American in a starring role.
Bill Cosby : Cosby was awarded around 70 honorary degrees and many other honors since 1985.
Bill Cosby : The then-22-year-old Jackson was sentenced to 26 months in jail for trying to extort $40 million from Cosby.
Bill Cosby : Upshaw later told Cosby that he was the father of her daughter, Autumn Jackson.
Bill Cosby : Cosby has become an active member of The Jazz Foundation of America.
Bill Cosby : Cosby has repeatedly denied the allegations and maintained his innocence.
Bill Cosby : Tetragrammaton was fairly active during 1968–69 (its most successful signing was British heavy rock band Deep Purple) but it quickly went into the red and ceased trading during the 1970s.
Bill Cosby : He made appearances in three more films: "Ghost Dad" (1990), "The Meteor Man" (1993), and "Jack" (1996).
Bill Cosby : Cosby co-produced the show for Carsey-Werner Productions.
Bill Cosby : While many comics of the time were using the growing freedom of that decade to explore controversial and sometimes risqué material, Cosby was making his reputation with humorous recollections of his childhood.
Bill Cosby : The courts stated that the mere fact that she was Cosby's child would not have entitled her to the money, and therefore the demand was extortionate, whether or not she believed herself to be Cosby's daughter.
Bill Cosby : Cosby left Temple to pursue a career in comedy.
Bill Cosby : In an April 2017 interview with the National Newspaper Publishers Association (an interview he agreed to do on the condition that the NNPA portrayed him in a positive light), both Cosby and one of his former publicists confirmed this, noting he lost his sight at some point in 2015.
Bill Cosby : In past interviews that were made public, Cosby declined to discuss the accusations.
Bill Cosby : Cosby denies being the father and said he gave Upshaw a total of about $100,000 because he did not want her to publicly reveal the affair.
Bill Cosby : Their only son, Ennis, was murdered on January 16, 1997, while changing a flat tire on the side of Interstate 405 in Los Angeles.
Bill Cosby : In 2005, Georgetown University sociology professor Michael Dyson wrote a book, "Is Bill Cosby Right?
Bill Cosby : It centered on Cosby as Hilton Lucas, an iconoclastic senior citizen who tries to find a new job after being downsized and, in the meantime, gets on his wife's nerves.
Bill Cosby : This was as partial fulfillment for his 1976 doctorate in education from UMass.
Bill Cosby : Although Cosby himself was the producer and wrote the story, he realized during production that the film was not going to be what he wanted and publicly denounced it, warning audiences to stay away.
Bill Cosby : In July 2015, some of the court records from Andrea Constand's 2005 civil suit against Cosby were unsealed and released to the public.
Bill Cosby : He began graduate work at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Bill Cosby : "I Spy" finished among the twenty most-watched shows that year, and Cosby would be honored with three consecutive Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series.
Bill Cosby : In July 2015, broadcast network Bounce TV pulled reruns, and BET's Centric (another Viacom unit) stopped airing reruns.
Bill Cosby : As Cosby's success grew he had to defend his choice of material regularly; as he argued, "A white person listens to my act and he laughs and he thinks, 'Yeah, that's the way I see it too.'
Bill Cosby : For the PBS series "The Electric Company", Cosby recorded several segments teaching reading skills to young children.
Bill Cosby : Cosby hosted the Los Angeles Playboy Jazz Festival from 1979 to 2012 (George Lopez has hosted the event since then).
Bill Cosby : Most of these were revoked after he was accused of sexual offenses or after his conviction for sexual assault.
Bill Cosby : Dyson suggested that Cosby's comments "betray classist, elitist viewpoints rooted in generational warfare".
Bill Cosby : Cosby was born on July 12, 1937, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Bill Cosby : However, Cornel West defended Cosby and his remarks, saying, "He's speaking out of great compassion and trying to get folk to get on the right track, 'cause we've got some brothers and sisters who are not doing the right things, just like in times in our own lives, we don't do the right thing...
Bill Cosby : Cosby, an advocate for family-oriented humor, co-produced the series, held creative control, and involved himself in every aspect of production.
Bill Cosby : At Temple, he studied physical education while he ran track and played fullback on the college's football team.
Bill Cosby : His album "To Russell, My Brother, Whom I Slept With" was number one on "Spin" magazine's list of "The 40 Greatest Comedy Albums of All Time", calling it "stand-up comedy's masterpiece".
Bill Cosby : Madeline Kahn co-starred as Rashād's goofy business partner Pauline.
Bill Cosby : He booked dates in cities such as Chicago, Las Vegas, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C.
Bill Cosby : Seinfeld said of Cosby: "He opened a door for all of us, for all of the networks to even consider that this was a way to create a character, was to take someone who can hold an audience just by being up there and telling their story.
Bill Cosby : Cosby stood his ground against criticism and affirmed that African-American parents were continuing to fail to inculcate proper standards of moral behavior.
Bill Cosby : Known as a jazz drummer, he can also be seen playing bass guitar with Jerry Lewis and Sammy Davis Jr. on Hugh Hefner's 1970s talk show.
Bill Cosby : After Jackson's conviction, Cosby provided a blood sample for testing, but Jackson refused to participate.
Bill Cosby : In the book, Dyson wrote that Cosby was overlooking larger social factors that reinforce poverty and associated crime; factors such as deteriorating schools, stagnating wages, dramatic shifts in the economy, offshoring and downsizing, chronic underemployment, and job and capital flight.
Bill Cosby : More than 60 women have accused him of either attempted sexual assault, rape, drug-facilitated sexual assault, sexual battery, child sexual abuse, or sexual misconduct, all of which he has denied, and the statute of limitations had by the mid-2010s expired in nearly all cases.
Bill Cosby : According to commentary on the Season1 DVDs for the show, Cosby was at odds with NBC over his refusal to include a laugh track in the show, as he felt viewers had the ability to find humor for themselves when watching a TV show.
Bill Cosby : He lined up stand-up jobs at clubs in Philadelphia and then in New York City, where he appeared at The Gaslight Cafe beginning in 1961.
Bill Cosby : He is one of four sons of Anna Pearl (née Hite), a maid, and William Henry Cosby Sr., who served as a mess steward in the U.S. Navy.
Bill Cosby : In the Pound Cake speech, Cosby asked that African-American parents teach their children better morals at a younger age.
Bill Cosby : His last show of the "Far from Finished" tour was performed at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre in Atlanta, Georgia on May 2, 2015.
Bill Cosby : This led to a recording contract with Warner Bros. Records, who, in 1964, released his debut LP "Bill Cosby Is a Very Funny Fellow...Right!
Bill Cosby : Most of the acts fall outside of the statutes of limitations for criminal prosecution, but criminal charges were filed against Cosby in one case and numerous civil lawsuits have been brought against him.
Bill Cosby : In June 1968, "Billboard" magazine reported that Cosby had turned down a five-year, $3.5million contract renewal offer and would leave the label in August that year to record for his own record label.
Bill Cosby : Also that year, he signed a deal with 20th Century Fox to develop a live-action feature film centering on the popular Fat Albert character from his 1970s cartoon series.
Bill Cosby : Cosby began his career as a stand-up comic at the hungry i in San Francisco during the 1960s.
Bill Cosby : Cosby, a Protestant, maintains homes in Shelburne, Massachusetts, and Cheltenham, Pennsylvania.
Bill Cosby : Cosby's daughter Ensa died of renal disease on February 23, 2018, while awaiting a kidney transplant.
Bill Cosby : Throughout the 1970s, Cosby starred in about half a dozen films, and occasionally returned to film later in his career.
Bill Cosby : Although both Jackson and Cosby stated at various times that they were willing to undergo DNA testing to determine Jackson's paternity, the two sides never reached an agreement as to when and how to perform the test.
Bill Cosby : In the trial and subsequent appeal, the courts held that Jackson's belief that she was Cosby's child—even if sincere—was irrelevant to the question of her guilt.
Bill Cosby : Later in the 1980s, Cosby served as an advisor to the Los Angeles Student Film Institute.
Bill Cosby : Cosby is a supporter of his alma mater, Temple University, particularly its men's basketball team, whose games Cosby frequently attended prior to his arrest.
Bill Cosby : Georgetown University professor Michael Eric Dyson said it was one of "the rare exceptions when Cosby took off the gloves and blinders, to discuss race in public with candor and discernment".
Bill Cosby : The judge ruled that releasing the sealed documents was justified by the "stark contrast between Bill Cosby, the public moralist and Bill Cosby, the subject of serious allegations concerning improper (and perhaps criminal) conduct".
Bill Cosby : Younger, well-established comics like Jerry Seinfeld have credited Cosby as an innovator both as a practitioner of stand-up comedy, as well as a person who paved the way for comics to break into sitcom television.
Bill Cosby : In his testimony, Cosby admitted to casual sex, involving the recreational use of the sedative methaqualone (Quaaludes), with a series of young women, and acknowledged that his dispensing the prescription drug was illegal.
Bill Cosby : In a 2013 CNN interview regarding voting rights, Cosby stated "this Republican Party is not the Republican Party of 1863, of Abraham Lincoln, abolitionists and slavery, is not good.
Bill Cosby : Cosby again came under sharp criticism, and was largely unapologetic for, his stance when he made similar remarks during a speech at a July1 meeting of the Rainbow-Push Coalition that commemorated the anniversary of "Brown v. Board", where he said "...you've got to stop beating up your women because you can't find a job, because you didn't want to get an education and now you're [earning] minimum wage."
Bill Cosby : In addition, he was interviewed in Spike Lee's "4 Little Girls" (1997), a documentary about the 1963 racist bombing of a church in Birmingham, Alabama.
Bill Cosby : Cosby played a physical education teacher at a Los Angeles high school.
Bill Cosby : During the series' run, Cosby continued to do stand-up comedy performances and recorded half a dozen record albums for Warner Bros. Records.
Bill Cosby : In 1965, Cosby was cast alongside Robert Culp in the "I Spy" espionage adventure series on NBC.
Bill Cosby : During Autumn Jackson's extortion trial in July 1997, Cosby testified that he made private payments to Shawn Upshaw, a woman who had briefly been his lover in Las Vegas during the early 1970s.
Bill Cosby : Cosby was lauded for using African-American performers such as Lillian Randolph, Moms Mabley, and Rex Ingram as characters.
Bill Cosby : As reported in "The Washington Times", Cosby "told reporters during a special session of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's 34th annual legislative conference" that, "Parenting needs to come to the forefront.
Bill Cosby : Cosby was hired by CBS to be the official spokesman of its Detroit affiliate WWJ-TV during an advertising campaign from 1995 to 1998.
Bill Cosby : He is also a member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity; he was initiated in the fraternity's Beta Alpha Alpha graduate chapter in White Plains, New York, in 1988.
Bill Cosby : On November 19, 2014, NBC and TV Land both ended their relationships with Cosby; TV Land announced that it was pulling reruns from its schedule and also removing clips of the show from its website.
Bill Cosby : In the wake of the allegations, numerous organizations have severed ties with Cosby, and honors and titles that were previously awarded to him have been revoked.
Bill Cosby : That series ran from 1972 to 1979, and as "The New Fat Albert Show" in 1979, and "The Adventures of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids".
Bill Cosby : His last known standup performance prior to his conviction was held at the LaRose Jazz Club in Philadelphia on January 23, 2018.
Bill Cosby : Cosby earned his high school equivalency diploma through correspondence courses and was awarded a track and field scholarship to Temple University in 1961.
Bill Cosby : In a 2008 interview, Cosby mentioned Philadelphia; Atlanta; Chicago; Detroit; Oakland, California; and Springfield, Massachusetts among the cities where crime was high and young African-American men were being murdered and jailed in disproportionate numbers.
Bill Cosby : At FitzSimons Junior High School, Cosby acted in plays and continued to compete in sports.
Bill Cosby : In an attempt to explain the backlash against Cosby, "Adweek" reporter Jason Lynch noted that the "media landscape has changed considerably—and has now been joined by the far-less-forgiving social media arena."
Bill Cosby : Cosby's greatest television success came in September 1984 with the debut of "The Cosby Show".
Bill Cosby : In 1987, Cosby attempted to return to film with the spy spoof "Leonard Part 6".
Bill Cosby : Cosby pursued a variety of additional television projects and appeared as a regular guest host on "The Tonight Show" and as the star of an annual special for NBC.
Bill Cosby : After "The Bill Cosby Show" left the air, Cosby resumed his formal education.
Bill Cosby : After a brief period in the Montgomery County Correctional Facility, Cosby was moved to a state prison, SCI Phoenix in Skippack Township, Pennsylvania, on September 25, 2018, where he was confined to a single cell.
Bill Cosby : Reruns of "The Cosby Show" and other shows featuring Cosby have also been pulled from syndication by many organizations.
Bill Cosby : Cosby's vocal social comments led to the unsealing of documents in a previous civil suit by a woman who had accused Cosby of sexual assault, which in turn sparked renewed interest in older allegations.
Bill Cosby : He also began to dabble in singing, recording "" in 1967.
Bill Cosby : Cosby received an award at the celebration of the 50th anniversary commemoration of "Brown v. Board of Education" ruling—a ruling of the U.S. Supreme Court that outlawed racial segregation in public schools.
Bill Cosby : Cosby's reputation was tarnished during the mid-2010s when numerous women made sexual assault accusations against him, the earliest dating back decades.
Bill Cosby : A series for preschoolers, "Little Bill", created by Cosby as a semi-biographical representation of his childhood growing up in Philadelphia, made its debut on Nickelodeon in 1999.
Bill Cosby : Cosby produced the spin-off sitcom "A Different World", which aired from 1987 to 1993.
Bill Cosby : William Henry Cosby Jr. (; born July 12, 1937) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, author, and convicted sex offender.
Bill Cosby : In the summer of 2009, Cosby hosted a comedy gala at Montreal's "Just for Laughs", the largest comedy festival in the world.
Bill Cosby : In October 2014, a part of comedian Hannibal Buress's comedy routine that described sexual misbehavior by Cosby went viral, resulting in more women coming forward to state that they were assaulted by Cosby.
Bill Cosby : The show had parallels to Cosby's actual family life: like the characters Cliff and Clair Huxtable, Cosby and his wife Camille were college educated and financially successful, and they had five children.
Bill Cosby : In July 1968, Cosby narrated "Black History: Lost, Stolen, or Strayed", a CBS documentary addressing the representation of blacks in popular culture.
Bill Cosby : Cosby was found guilty of three counts of aggravated indecent assault and sentenced to three to ten years in prison in September 2018.
Bill Cosby : About this last film, a Rotten Tomatoes reviewer wrote, "Bill Cosby steals the film outright with his hilarious performance as 'Mother', the streetwise seen-it-all EMT."
Bill Cosby : Richard Leiby of "The Washington Post" reported, "Bill Cosby was anything but politically correct in his remarks Monday night at a Constitution Hall bash commemorating the 50th anniversary of the "Brown v. Board of Education" decision."
Bill Cosby : Cosby was also a regular on children's public television programs starting in the 1970s, hosting the "Picture Pages" segments that lasted into the early 1980s.
Bill Cosby : Cosby attended Philadelphia's Central High School, a magnet school and academically rigorous college prep school, where he ran track and played baseball, football, and basketball.
Bill Cosby : Cosby was the class president as well as captain of both the baseball and track and field teams at Mary Channing Wister Public School in Philadelphia.
Bill Cosby : In 1969, he returned with another series, "The Bill Cosby Show", a situation comedy that ran for two seasons.
Bill Cosby : In 2001, Cosby's agenda included the publication of a new book, as well as delivering the commencement addresses at Morris Brown College, Ohio State University, and at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Bill Cosby : In 2014, Cosby was set to release his new standup special "Bill Cosby 77" on Netflix.
Bill Cosby : In 1976, Cosby starred in "A Piece of the Action" with Poitier; and "California Suite", a compilation of four Neil Simon plays.
Bill Cosby : A new NBC show scheduled for 2015, created by Mike O'Malley and Mike Sikowitz and to have been produced by "The Cosby Show"'s Tom Werner, was set to feature Cosby as Jonathan Franklin, the patriarch of a multi-generational family.
Bill Cosby : In 1956, Cosby enlisted in the Navy and served as a hospital corpsman at the Marine Corps Base Quantico in Virginia; at Naval Station Argentia in Newfoundland, Canada; and at the National Naval Medical Center in Maryland.
Bill Cosby : The show became controversial as the increasing number of sexual assault allegations against Cosby became prominent.
Bill Cosby : Cosby also hosted a CBS special, "Kids Say the Darndest Things" on February 6, 1995, which was followed after as a full season show, with Cosby as host, from January 9, 1998, to June 23, 2000.
Bill Cosby : More successful was a Saturday-morning cartoon, "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids", hosted by Cosby and based on his own childhood.
Bill Cosby : Much of the material from the pilot and first season of "The Cosby Show" was taken from his video "", released in 1983.
Bill Cosby : Comedian Larry Wilmore also saw a connection between "Bill Cosby: Himself" and the later success of "The Cosby Show", saying: "It's clear that the concert is the template for "The Cosby Show"."
Bill Cosby : Also in 1996, he started up a new show for CBS, "Cosby", again co-starring Phylicia Rashād, his onscreen wife on "The Cosby Show".
Bill Cosby : On November 19, 2014, NBC scrapped Cosby's new show after accusations resurfaced that he sexually assaulted and raped women.
Bill Cosby : During the 1970s, Cosby and other African-American actors, including Sidney Poitier, joined forces to make some successful comedy films to counter the violent "blaxploitation" films of the era, such as "Uptown Saturday Night" in 1974; "Let's Do It Again" in 1975; and in 1976, "Mother, Jugs & Speed", co-starring Raquel Welch and Harvey Keitel.
Bill Cosby : He also starred in "The Cosby Mysteries" from 1994 to 1995 and in the sitcom "Cosby" from 1996 to 2000, and hosted "Kids Say the Darndest Things" from 1998 to 2000.
Bill Cosby : Based on incidents in January 2004, Cosby was found guilty on April 26, 2018, of three counts of aggravated indecent assault against a Toronto woman, after a jury trial.
Bill Cosby : Tetragrammaton Records, a division of the Campbell, Silver, Cosby (CSC) Corporation—the Los Angeles-based production company founded by Cosby, his manager Roy Silver, and filmmaker Bruce Post Campbell—produced films as well as records, including Cosby's television specials, the "Fat Albert" cartoon special and series, and several motion pictures.
Bill Cosby : His dissertation discussed the use of "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids" as a teaching tool in elementary schools.
Bill Cosby : When Cosby was about 35 years old in 1972, he received an MA from UMass Amherst and was also back in prime time with a variety series, "The New Bill Cosby Show".
Bill Cosby : Cosby has been the subject of highly publicized accusations of rape, drug-facilitated sexual assault, sexual battery, child sexual abuse, and sexual misconduct, the earliest of which were said by his accusers to have taken place in the mid-1960s.
Bill Cosby : He then landed a starring role in the television show "I Spy", followed by his own sitcom "The Bill Cosby Show", which ran for two seasons from 1969 to 1971.
Bill Cosby : Cosby performed his first TV stand-up special in 30 years, "Bill Cosby: Far from Finished", on Comedy Central on November 23, 2013.
Bill Cosby : In 1972, using the Fat Albert character developed during his stand-up routines, Cosby created, produced, and hosted the animated comedy television series "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids" which ran until 1985, centering on a group of young friends growing up in an urban area.
Bill Cosby : Beginning in the 1980s, Cosby produced and starred in the television sitcom "The Cosby Show", which aired from 1984 to 1992 and was rated as the number one show in America for 1985 through 1989.
Bill Cosby : After "The Cosby Show" went off the air in 1992, Cosby embarked on a number of other projects, which included a revival of the classic Groucho Marx game show "You Bet Your Life" (1992–93), the TV-movie "I Spy Returns" (1994), and "The Cosby Mysteries" (1994).
Bill Cosby : In 1983, Cosby released the concert film ""; it is widely regarded as "the greatest comedy concert film ever".
Bill Cosby : It was during this season that ABC decided to take advantage of this phase of Cosby's career, by joining with Filmation producers of "Fat Albert" to create live-action segments starring Cosby, for the 1964/1971 animated film "Journey Back to Oz"; it subsequently aired in syndication.
Bill Cosby : In 1984, Cosby wrote the dissertation: "An Integration of the Visual Media Via 'Fat Albert And The Cosby Kids' into the Elementary School Curriculum as a Teaching Aid and Vehicle to Achieve Increased Learning".
Bill Cosby : Okay.
Bill Cosby : The release of the film was canceled due to allegations of sexual assault against Cosby.
Bill Cosby : Reruns of "The Cosby Show" were pulled from television as a result of Cosby's sexual assault allegations.
Arnold Jeannesson : Jeannesson wore the white jersey of the highest placed rider under the age of 26 for two days in the 2011 Tour de France.
Arnold Jeannesson : Arnold Jeannesson (born 15 January 1986 in Challans) is a French professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team .
Frank Peter Zimmermann : Since 1998 his regular partner is Italian pianist Enrico Pace.
Frank Peter Zimmermann : He was born in Duisburg, Germany, and started playing the violin when he was five years old, giving his first concert with orchestra at the age of 10.
Frank Peter Zimmermann : Apart from engagements with orchestra, Frank Peter Zimmermann also gives recitals.
Frank Peter Zimmermann : His recording of the Brahms Double Concerto with Schiff won the Deutscher Schallplattenpreis.
Frank Peter Zimmermann : Since he finished his studies with Valery Gradov, Saschko Gawriloff, and Herman Krebbers in 1983, Frank Peter Zimmermann has been performing with a considerable number of major orchestras and conductors in the world.
Frank Peter Zimmermann : Frank Peter Zimmermann (born 27 February 1965) is a German violinist.
Marco Tardelli : Tardelli made his international debut on 7 April 1976 against Portugal.
Marco Tardelli : Marco Tardelli (; born 24 September 1954) is an Italian former football player and manager.
Marco Tardelli : He represented his nation at a total of three FIFA World Cups (1978, 1982 and 1986), winning the 1982 edition of the tournament.
Marco Tardelli : Two years later, he became the assistant coach of Cesare Maldini for the Under 21 team.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : The case remains unsolved.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : The National Party narrowly lost the elections to the Colorado Party.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : Lacalle's wife warned him against the suspicious gift, but Heber's mother drank a glass, dying immediately.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : In August 1978 Lacalle was sent three bottles of wine tainted with poison addressed to himself and two fellow National Party members (Heber and Pereyra) who had been trying to negotiate a way out of the military regime.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : In 1961 he started working as a journalist for "Clarín" and he graduated from the University of the Republic's law school in 1964.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : Sales tax were increased from 21% to 22% income tax was increased and a few other taxes were created.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : When democracy was restored in 1984 he was elected senator, and became vice-president of the Senate.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : His mother, María Hortensia de Herrera de Lacalle, was the daughter of the White political leader Luis Alberto de Herrera, after whom Lacalle was named.
Luis Alberto Lacalle : Luis Alberto Lacalle de Herrera, () (born July 13, 1941), is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician who served as President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995.
Hossam Hassan : He, along with his brother Ibrahim, led marches in support of Mubarak.
Hossam Hassan : A prolific goalscorer, he is Egypt's all-time top scorer with 69 goals in 169 appearances.
Hossam Hassan : Hossam Hassan Hussein (; born 10 August 1966) is an Egyptian retired footballer who played as a striker, and the current manager of Smouha SC in the Egyptian Premier League.
Jim Yong Kim : He was awarded an M.D.
Jim Yong Kim : Jim Yong Kim, along with Paul Farmer, Todd McCormack, Thomas J.
Jim Yong Kim : On January 7, 2019, he announced that he would be stepping down, effective February 1, 2019.
Jim Yong Kim : He is also a member of the Institute of Medicine of the United States National Academies.
Jim Yong Kim : He was among the first enrollees of Harvard's experimental MD/PhD program in the social sciences.
Jim Yong Kim : Born in Seoul, South Korea in 1959, Jim Yong Kim immigrated with his family to the U.S. at the age of five and grew up in Muscatine, Iowa.
Jim Yong Kim : In March 2009, Kim was named the 17th President of Dartmouth College, becoming the first Asian-American to assume the post of president at an Ivy League institution.
Jim Yong Kim : A global health leader, he was formerly the chair of the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine at Harvard Medical School, and a co-founder and executive director of Partners In Health before serving as the President of Dartmouth College from 2009 to 2012, becoming the first Asian American president of an Ivy League institution.
Jim Yong Kim : After a year and a half at the University of Iowa, he transferred to Brown University, where he graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in human biology in 1982.
Jim Yong Kim : Jim Yong Kim (; born December 8, 1959), also known as Kim Yong (/金墉), is a Korean-American physician and anthropologist who served as the 12th President of the World Bank from 2012 to 2019.
Jim Yong Kim : On March 23, 2012, U.S. President Barack Obama announced his nomination of Jim Yong Kim to become the next president of the World Bank.
Gustavo Bartelt : Gustavo Javier Bartelt (born 2 September 1974) is an Argentine former footballer who played as a forward.
Gustavo Bartelt : However, in 2011 he came out of retirement to play again for that club, but this time in the Primera División.
Gustavo Bartelt : He then played for Lanús, Roma, Aston Villa (on loan from Roma), Rayo, Gimnasia La Plata, Talleres and Gimnasia de Jujuy.
Gustavo Bartelt : Bartelt started playing for All Boys in 1993.
Alejandro Valverde : All his 2010 results were annulled because of the suspension.
Alejandro Valverde : He also participated in the Summer Olympics.
Alejandro Valverde : His brother Juan Francisco was also an amateur road racing cyclist.
Alejandro Valverde : He allegedly took more than fifty consecutive victories between 11 and 13 years old, earning him the nickname "El Imbatido" (The Unbeaten).
Alejandro Valverde : On the following week he won his second race in Yecla.
Alejandro Valverde : He also took two stages in the Tour of the Basque Country.
Alejandro Valverde : On 2 August 2014 Valverde won the Clásica de San Sebastián for the second time in his career.
Alejandro Valverde : The overall win was the 100th victory in Valverde's career.
Alejandro Valverde : He finished fourth, 1 minute and 25 seconds behind winner Tiesj Benoot of .
Alejandro Valverde : After a lengthy court battle, he was suspended for two years as part of the Operación Puerto blood doping investigation, but he returned to competition in 2012 upon completion of the ban.
Alejandro Valverde : Valverde's first race was in Jumilla, in his region of Murcia, and he finished second.
Alejandro Valverde : Valverde returned to racing at the Challenge Mallorca in late January 2018.
Alejandro Valverde : He punctuated his dominance in La Flèche Wallonne by winning the race for the fourth consecutive year and the fifth time overall.
Alejandro Valverde : The following weekend, he finished second to compatriot Luis León Sánchez in the Vuelta a Murcia.
Alejandro Valverde : In March, Valverde rode the Strade Bianche classic, held partially on gravel roads in torrential rain.
Alejandro Valverde : Later that month, Valverde won the Volta a Catalunya for the third time in his career.
Alejandro Valverde : Born in Las Lumbreras, Murcia, Valverde came from a cycling family, his father Juan was an amateur bicycle racer and bought him a bike when he was six years old.
Alejandro Valverde : At the Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana, he took his first victory after his comeback, winning stage two and taking the overall lead in the process.
Alejandro Valverde : He finished 29 seconds clear of his nearest rival, teammate Nairo Quintana, after Quintana's Colombian compatriot Egan Bernal () crashed out of the race on the final day.
Alejandro Valverde : Valverde won the second and fourth stages during the race, taking the race lead – and the mountains jersey as well – for good after his second stage victory.
Alejandro Valverde : He followed this up with a win in the Vuelta a Andalucía for the fifth time in six years, defeating runner-up Alberto Contador by a single second and winning stage one in the process.
Alejandro Valverde : Later in February, Valverde claimed overall victory at the Abu Dhabi Tour, winning the stage to Jebel Hafeet.
Alejandro Valverde : Alejandro Valverde Belmonte (born 25 April 1980) is a Spanish road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Alejandro Valverde : In the time trial, Valverde finished second on the day to Primož Roglič of by just nine seconds, and he beat Contador by fourteen seconds, extending his overall lead, and giving Valverde his third stage race victory of the season.
Alejandro Valverde : His next race, the cobbled classic Dwars door Vlaanderen, resulted in an 11th place showing after being in the mix for the victory until the successful breakaway of eventual winner Yves Lampaert in the closing kilometers.
Alejandro Valverde : Valverde's biggest wins have been the Vuelta a España in 2009, Critérium du Dauphiné in 2008 and 2009, Tour of the Basque Country in 2017, Volta a Catalunya in 2009, 2017 and 2018, Liège–Bastogne–Liège in 2006, 2008, 2015 and 2017, La Flèche Wallonne in 2006, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, the Clásica de San Sebastián in 2008 and 2014, the 2006 and 2008 UCI ProTours, the 2014 and 2015 UCI World Tours, and the road race in the 2018 World Championships.
Alejandro Valverde : A few days later in Liège–Bastogne–Liège, Valverde fended off a late attack from Dan Martin and managed to outsprint him at the line and take his fourth win in the event.
Alejandro Valverde : After taking victory in the GP Miguel Induráin followed by a second place in the Klasika Primavera, he began his Ardennes campaign with 5th place at the Amstel Gold Race.
Alejandro Valverde : After taking time off from racing to train at a 25-day altitude camp at Sierra Nevada, Valverde raced in the Critérium du Dauphiné, where in the stage four time trial he clocked the third best time, losing out only to world time trial champion Tony Martin () and 's Richie Porte by twelve and twenty-four seconds respectively.
Sidney Altman : Altman was born on May 7, 1939, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Sidney Altman : Originally, it was believed that, in the bacterial RNase P complex, the protein subunit was responsible for the catalytic activity of the complex, which is involved in the maturation of tRNAs.
Sidney Altman : Sidney Altman (born May 7, 1939) is a Canadian and American molecular biologist, who is the Sterling Professor of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and Chemistry at Yale University.
Bamir Topi : He also holds the title of Honorary President of Albanian football club KF Tirana.
Bamir Topi : Topi graduated from the Agricultural University of Tirana in veterinary studies and earned a PhD degree in the same field.
Bamir Topi : Bamir Myrteza Topi (; born 24 April 1957) is an Albanian diplomat and politician.
Danny Faure : He studied at a university in Cuba, graduating with a degree in political science.
Danny Faure : He became Vice President on 1 July 2010, while retaining the finance portfolio.
Danny Faure : Danny Faure (born 8 May 1962) is a Seychellois politician who has been President of Seychelles since 16 October 2016.
Danny Faure : In 2006, he was appointed as Minister of Finance by President James Michel.
Mukesh Ambani : Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani was born on 19 April 1957 to Dhirubhai Ambani and Kokilaben Ambani in Aden, Yemen.
Michael Hepburn : Michael Hepburn (born 17 August 1991) is an Australian track and road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Paul Thomas Anderson : Though the film makes no reference to the movement, it has "long been widely assumed to be based on Scientology."
Paul Thomas Anderson : Most of the performances were recorded at the 15th-century Mehrangarh Fort in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Against a budget of $25 million, the film earned $76.1 million worldwide.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Born in Los Angeles, Anderson developed an interest in filmmaking from a young age.
Paul Thomas Anderson : "The Master" was released on September 14, 2012 by The Weinstein Company in the United States and Canada to critical acclaim.
Paul Thomas Anderson : The film was screened at the 1993 Sundance Festival Shorts Program.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson stated after the film's release that "what I really feel is that "Magnolia" is, for better or worse, the best movie I'll ever make."
Paul Thomas Anderson : The story centers on a beleaguered small-business owner with anger issues and seven emasculating sisters.
Paul Thomas Anderson : The resulting feature was the romantic comedy-drama film "Punch-Drunk Love" (2002), starring Sandler, with Emily Watson portraying his love interest.
Paul Thomas Anderson : "There Will Be Blood" received eight Academy Award nominations, tying with "No Country for Old Men" for the most nominations that year.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson was nominated for Best Director from the Directors Guild of America.
Paul Thomas Anderson : "There Will Be Blood" (2007) was loosely based on the Upton Sinclair novel "Oil!".
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson has been called "one of the most exciting talents to come along in years" and "among the supreme talents of today."
Paul Thomas Anderson : Paul Thomas Anderson (born June 26, 1970) is an American filmmaker.
Paul Thomas Anderson : After the release of "Boogie Nights" and "Magnolia", Anderson was praised as a wunderkind.
Paul Thomas Anderson : An alumnus of the Sundance Institute, Anderson made his feature film debut with "Hard Eight" in 1996.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson attended Santa Monica College before enrolling and spending two semesters as an English major at Emerson College where he was taught by David Foster Wallace, and only two days at New York University before he began his career as a production assistant on television, films, music videos and game shows in Los Angeles and New York City.
Paul Thomas Anderson : In December 2009, Anderson was working on a new project about a "charismatic intellectual" who starts a new religion in the 1950s.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Daniel Day-Lewis won the Oscar for Best Actor.
Paul Thomas Anderson : In 2007, the American Film Institute regarded him as "one of American film's modern masters."
Paul Thomas Anderson : The film revived the career of Burt Reynolds, and provided breakout roles for Wahlberg and Julianne Moore.
Paul Thomas Anderson : In 2013, "Entertainment Weekly" named him the eighth-greatest working director, calling him "one of the most dynamic directors to emerge in the last 20 years."
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson was nominated for Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Adapted Screenplay, losing all three to the Coen Brothers for "No Country for Old Men".
Paul Thomas Anderson : The resulting film was the ensemble piece "Magnolia" (1999), which tells the story of the peculiar interaction of several individuals in the San Fernando Valley.
Paul Thomas Anderson : They live in the San Fernando Valley with their daughters Pearl Minnie (born October 2005), Lucille (born November 2009), and Minnie Ida (born August 2013), and son Jack (born July 2011).
Paul Thomas Anderson : The film was a 30-minute mockumentary shot on video called "The Dirk Diggler Story" (1988), about a pornography star; the story was inspired by John Holmes, who also served as a major inspiration for "Boogie Nights".
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson attended a number of schools, including Buckley in Sherman Oaks, John Thomas Dye School, Campbell Hall School, Cushing Academy, and Montclair Prep.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Ernie was an actor who was the voice of ABC and a Cleveland television late-night horror movie host known as "Ghoulardi" (after whom Anderson later named his production company).
Paul Thomas Anderson : In 2015, Anderson directed "Junun", a 54-minute documentary about the making of the album of the same name by Jonny Greenwood, Israeli composer Shye Ben Tzur, and a group of Indian musicians.
Paul Thomas Anderson : Anderson has referred to his regular actors as "my little rep company" that has included John C. Reilly, Philip Baker Hall, Julianne Moore, William H. Macy, Melora Walters, and most prominently, the late
Eusebio Sacristán : On 18 March 2018, he was himself fired.
Eusebio Sacristán : He retired in 2002 at the age of 38 with Valladolid, having played 543 La Liga matches (the only division he competed in after being promoted to his first club's first team), third-best in the competition only behind Andoni Zubizarreta and Raúl.
Eusebio Sacristán : Eusebio Sacristán Mena (; born 13 April 1964), known simply as Eusebio in his playing days, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and a manager.
Eusebio Sacristán : Eusebio earned 15 caps for Spain, the first coming on 24 September 1986 in a friendly match with Greece, in Gijón.
Eusebio Sacristán : On 7 June 2018, after three months without a club, Eusebio was appointed as manager of Girona FC, replacing Sevilla FC-bound Pablo Machín.
Eusebio Sacristán : He also obtained his coaching degree and, from 2003 to 2008, was part of Frank Rijkaard's staff at Barcelona.
Eusebio Sacristán : On 9 November 2015, Eusebio was named manager of top flight club Real Sociedad after the dismissal of David Moyes.
Nicky Jam : Due to personal issues, they ended their friendship in 2004 and stopped working together.
Nicky Jam : The name "Nicky Jam" was jokingly given to Rivera by a homeless man.
Nicky Jam : One day, a music executive noticed his talent and signed him, and at the age of fourteen, he recorded his first album, "...Distinto A Los Demás".
Nicky Jam : He has frequently collaborated with other latin artists such as Daddy Yankee, J Balvin, Ozuna, and Anuel AA.
Nicky Jam : They created many commercially successful singles including "Sabanas Blancas", "Guayando", "Sentirte" and many others.
Nicky Jam : In 2010, after performing a few concerts there, he restarted his career releasing successful singles "Tu Primera Vez", "Piensas en Mi", "Curiosidad", "Juegos Prohibidos" and, most notably, "Voy A Beber".
Nicky Jam : Nick Rivera Caminero (born March 17, 1981), known professionally as Nicky Jam, is a Latin trap, reggaeton singer and songwriter.
Nicky Jam : In 2012, after many years of staying apart, they both recorded "El Party Me Llama" from the album Prestige and confirmed they had both settled their disagreements from years prior.
Nicky Jam : In the late 2000s he moved to Medellin, Colombia.
Nicky Jam : In 2001, Daddy Yankee released "El Cartel II: Los Cangris", which Rivera took a small part in.
Nicky Jam : Rivera performed the official song "Live It Up" alongside American rapper Will Smith and Kosovar singer Era Istrefi at the closing ceremony of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Moscow, Russia.
Alhassane Keita : Keita was part of the Guinean squad at the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations as they reached the competition's quarter-finals, with an exit against Mali.
Jean-Marc Gounon : After winning the French Formula 3 Championship in 1989, Gounon moved into International Formula 3000 in 1990.
Jean-Marc Gounon : He raced in Formula One in and , participating in a total of 9 Grands Prix and scoring no championship points.
Jean-Marc Gounon : Jean-Marc Gounon (born 1 January 1963) is a French racing driver.
Jean-Marc Gounon : In 1993 Gounon bought a two-race deal with Minardi after Christian Fittipaldi was dropped but he finished neither race, being withdrawn at Suzuka and spinning off in the season-closer, Adelaide's 1993 Australian Grand Prix.
Ruper Ordorika : He is generally considered one of the greatest renewers of basque songwriting.
Ruper Ordorika : He was part of the literary group Pott, with, among others, writers Joseba Sarrionandia, Bernardo Atxaga,J.M.
Antônio Carlos Zago : Antônio Carlos Zago (born 18 May 1969), widely known as Antônio Carlos or A.C. Zago, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and is the manager of Kashima Antlers.
Antônio Carlos Zago : Born in Presidente Prudente, a city of the state of São Paulo, also having Italian origins, Zago began playing professional football with São Paulo FC, where he remained for three years, and then signed to Albacete Balompié, Spain, where he stayed for only one season.
Oriol Lozano : of the Super League Greece.
Oriol Lozano : In the 2004–05 season he was promoted from Racing de Santander's reserves, making his La Liga debut on 19 September 2004 in a 1–1 home draw against Villarreal.
Dan Perjovschi : Dan Perjovschi is an artist, writer and cartoonist born in 1961 in Sibiu, Romania.
Dennis Bergkamp : I get panicky.
Dennis Bergkamp : The most important thing for me was the stadium, the people at the club and their style of play."
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was raised as a Roman Catholic by his family and regularly attended church during his childhood.
Dennis Bergkamp : To comply with Dutch given name customs, an extra "n" was inserted in Bergkamp's first name by his father after it was not accepted by the registrar.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp's nickname is the "Non-Flying Dutchman" due to his fear of flying.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp has been married to Henrita Ruizendaal since 16 June 1993.
Dennis Bergkamp : He turned down an offer to scout for Arsenal and instead concentrated on travelling and spending time with his family.
Dennis Bergkamp : He managed to score 5 goals in 26 appearances.
Dennis Bergkamp : On 22 July 2006, a testimonial was played in his honour at the new stadium as Arsenal played his old club Ajax.
Dennis Bergkamp : Upon signing, Bergkamp said Inter "met all my demands.
Dennis Bergkamp : A similar rapport developed between him and Ljungberg during the 2001–02 season.
Dennis Bergkamp : After the match, Leicester manager Martin O'Neill was gracious enough to admit Bergkamp's was "the best hat-trick I've ever seen".
Dennis Bergkamp : In total, he scored 122 goals in 239 matches for his hometown club.
Dennis Bergkamp : Between August and October 1997, he scored seven goals in seven league matches.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp attracted the attention of several European clubs as a result of his performances for Ajax.
Dennis Bergkamp : He ultimately agreed terms on a contract extension in December 2000.
Dennis Bergkamp : In February 1995, the club was purchased by Italian businessman and fan Massimo Moratti, who promised to invest heavily in the squad.
Dennis Bergkamp : This culminated in a period of success for the club, which won the Eredivisie title in the 1989–90 season for the first time in five years.
Dennis Bergkamp : His father, an electrician and amateur footballer in the lower leagues, named him in honour of Scottish striker Denis Law.
Dennis Bergkamp : Born in Amsterdam, Bergkamp was the last of Wim and Tonnie Bergkamp's four sons.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp's arrival at the club was significant not only because he was an established international footballer who looked to have his best years ahead of him, but also because he was a major contributor to Arsenal's return to success after much decline in the mid-1990s.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp decided he would never fly again but did consider seeking psychiatric help:I've got this problem and I have to live with it.
Dennis Bergkamp : His final goal tally of 37 goals in 79 appearances was overtaken by Patrick Kluivert in June 2003.
Dennis Bergkamp : Because of his poor performance on the pitch, one Italian publication renamed their award given to the worst performance of the week, "L'asino della settimana" (Donkey of the Week) to "Bergkamp della settimana".
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp often stated he preferred playing in this deeper role, as he derived more pleasure from assisting goals, rather than scoring them himself.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp "played in every position apart from goalie" and believed he benefited from the experience of playing as a defender, as it helped him "know how they think and how to beat them".
Dennis Bergkamp : Despite making fewer appearances in the 1996–97 season, Bergkamp was more influential in the first team, creating 13 assists.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was consoled with the PFA Players' Player of the Year award, becoming only the third non-British player to be recognised by his fellow professionals as the outstanding performer in English football.
Dennis Bergkamp : As the Netherlands were co-hosts for Euro 2000, the team automatically qualified for the tournament and were considered favourites.
Dennis Bergkamp : Johan Cruyff advised him not to join Real Madrid, one of the teams said to have been interested in him.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp endured a disappointing campaign , troubled with stress injuries and fatigue from the 1994 World Cup.
Dennis Bergkamp : Wenger described the goal as "unbelievable", adding "It was not only a magnificent goal but a very important one – I enjoyed it a lot".
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was instrumental the following season in helping Arsenal complete a domestic league and cup double.
Dennis Bergkamp : In February 2014, Arsenal unveiled a statue of Bergkamp outside the Emirates Stadium to honour his time at the club.
Dennis Bergkamp : Inter's poor league form culminated in the sacking of Bagnoli in February 1994 and his replacement by Gianpiero Marini, a member of Italy's 1982 FIFA World Cup-winning squad.
Dennis Bergkamp : He made his return against Newcastle United on 3 March 2002.
Dennis Bergkamp : For the 2008–09 season, Bergkamp returned to Ajax in a formal coaching position with responsibility for the D2 (U12) youth team.
Dennis Bergkamp : Despite an array of new signings made in the 2000–01 season, Arsenal were runners-up in the league for a third year in succession.
Dennis Bergkamp : A year later, he was voted second by Arsenal fans behind Thierry Henry in a list of the "50 Gunners Greatest Players".
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp committed himself to Arsenal at the end of the season, signing a further extension to his contract.
Dennis Bergkamp : However, in April 2008, he began a fast-track coaching diploma for former Dutch international footballers and undertook a trainee role at Ajax.
Dennis Bergkamp : On 20 July 2003, Bergkamp signed a one-year extension at the club.
Dennis Bergkamp : In Bergkamp's second season at Inter, the club changed managers again, appointing Ottavio Bianchi.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was brought up through Ajax's youth system, joining the club at age 11.
Dennis Bergkamp : Dennis Nicolaas Maria Bergkamp (; born 10 May 1969) is a Dutch former professional football player, who until 21 December 2017 was the assistant manager at Ajax.
Dennis Bergkamp : After an effective 1998 World Cup campaign with the national team, Bergkamp had another productive season in 1998–99.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp's future in the first team was uncertain following the signing of Maurizio Ganz a month after the takeover.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp featured in nine out of the last ten league games, forming a productive partnership with Ljungberg.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp features in EA Sports' "FIFA" video game series; he was on the cover for the International edition of "FIFA 99", and was named in the Ultimate Team Legends in "FIFA 14".
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp has been described by Jan Mulder as having "the finest technique" of any Dutch international and a "dream for a striker" by teammate Thierry Henry.
Dennis Bergkamp : He became the club's top scorer with 22 goals and recorded a strike rate of 0.57.
Dennis Bergkamp : Ajax won the competition, beating Lokomotive Leipzig 1–0 as Bergkamp made an appearance as a substitute.
Dennis Bergkamp : During his time at Inter Milan, Bergkamp was switched to the position of a main striker, but failed to cooperate with his offensive partner Rubén Sosa, whom he later called "selfish".
Dennis Bergkamp : The emergence of Thierry Henry and Sylvain Wiltord as the main strikers saw Bergkamp's first-team opportunities limited as a result.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp scored his first senior goal for the club against HFC Haarlem on 22 February 1987 in a match Ajax won 6–0.
Dennis Bergkamp : This was partly due to manager Osvaldo Bagnoli's inability to find a stable forward partnership, preferring Bergkamp in a three with Rubén Sosa and Salvatore Schillaci.
Dennis Bergkamp : He struggled to adapt to the English game and failed to score in the club's next six league matches, prompting ridicule by the national press.
Dennis Bergkamp : They then defeated Heerenveen 6–2 in the final of the KNVB Cup on 20 May 1993.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was the top scorer in the Eredivisie from 1991 to 1993, and was voted Dutch Footballer of the Year in 1992 and 1993.
Dennis Bergkamp : The Netherlands finished first in their group and qualified for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, held in France.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp received his first red card against Sunderland in January 1997 for a high tackle on midfielder Paul Bracewell in the 26th minute.
Dennis Bergkamp : The couple have four children: Estelle Deborah, Mitchel Dennis, Yasmin Naomi and Saffron Rita.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp scored three times in the competition, including a memorable winning goal in the final minute of the quarterfinal against Argentina.
Dennis Bergkamp : Following Arsenal's penalty shootout victory over Manchester United in the 2005 FA Cup Final, he signed a one-year contract extension.
Dennis Bergkamp : The departure of compatriot Marc Overmars and French midfielder Emmanuel Petit in the close season led to speculation over Bergkamp's future.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp made his debut against Reggiana on 29 August 1993 at the San Siro in a 2–1 victory.
Dennis Bergkamp : He took one touch to control a long 60-yard aerial pass from Frank de Boer, brought the ball down through Argentine defender Roberto Ayala's legs, and finally finished by firing a volley with the outside of his right foot, past keeper Carlos Roa at a tight angle from the right.
Dennis Bergkamp : Inter ended the league season in sixth position and failed to retain the UEFA Cup, with the club eliminated in the second round.
Dennis Bergkamp : When he made his debut as a substitute against Roda JC, Bergkamp was positioned on the right wing, where he remained for three years.
Dennis Bergkamp : The 2003–04 season ended on a high point for Bergkamp as Arsenal reclaimed the league title, becoming the first English team in more than a century to go through the entire domestic league season unbeaten.
Dennis Bergkamp : The team, dubbed "The Invincibles" did not achieve similar dominance in Europe; Arsenal were beaten by Chelsea in the quarter-finals of the Champions League over two legs.
Dennis Bergkamp : As Moratti prepared to make wholesale changes at the club, Bergkamp left Inter and signed with Arsenal in June 1995 for a transfer fee estimated at £7.5 million.
Dennis Bergkamp : The statue will join those of "the eleven of the century", erected in 1999, alongside statues of Johan Cruyff, Ruud Gullit, Frank Rijkaard and Marco van Basten, amongst others.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp reached a personal landmark during the 2002–03 season, scoring his 100th goal for Arsenal against Oxford United in a FA Cup third-round tie on 4 January 2003.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp was the competition's joint top goalscorer with eight goals and scored a hat-trick against Rapid București in the first round.
Dennis Bergkamp : On 9 October 1999, Bergkamp scored his final goal for the Netherlands, against Brazil.
Dennis Bergkamp : The club finished second in the league, 18 points behind Manchester United, and lost in the 2000 UEFA Cup Final to Turkish opponents Galatasaray on penalties.
Dennis Bergkamp : Against Sheffield United in the FA Cup on 19 February 2005, Bergkamp was shown a straight red card by referee Neale Barry for shoving defender Danny Cullip.
Dennis Bergkamp : However, they did win the FA Cup for a second successive year, beating Southampton in the 2003 FA Cup Final.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp headed in the winner against Liverpool in a FA Cup fourth-round tie on 27 January 2002, but was shown a red card for a two-footed lunge on defender Jamie Carragher, who himself was sent off for throwing a coin into the crowd.
Dennis Bergkamp : Bergkamp scored 29 goals in 36 matches the following season and became the joint top goalscorer in the league, sharing the accolade with PSV striker Romário.
Dennis Bergkamp : The first half was played by members of Arsenal and Ajax's current squads, while the second was played by famous ex-players from both sides, including Ian Wright, Patrick Vieira, Marc Overmars, Emmanuel Petit and David Seaman for Arsenal; and Johan Cruyff, Marco van Basten, Danny Blind, Frank and Ronald de Boer for Ajax.
Dennis Bergkamp : Against Leicester City in the final league match of the campaign with the score tied at 1–1, Bergkamp set up the winner with a pass to captain Patrick Vieira.
Dennis Bergkamp : Arsenal went on to lose the match 1–0, but a run of 8 wins in their final 16 matches gave the club a third-place finish, missing out on a spot in the UEFA Champions League via goal difference.
Dennis Bergkamp : In an FA Cup quarter-final replay against West Ham United on 17 March 1998, Bergkamp was sent off for elbowing midfielder Steve Lomas and missed three matches due to suspension.
Dennis Bergkamp : In the semi-finals, the Netherlands lost to Brazil on penalties after drawing 1–1 in normal time.
Dennis Bergkamp : Arsenal regained the league, beating Manchester United at Old Trafford in the penultimate game of the season to complete the club's second double under Wenger; Arsenal defeated Chelsea 2–0 to win the FA Cup four days prior.
Dennis Bergkamp : In Arsenal's final home match of the season, against Everton, Bergkamp had a man of the match game, scoring once and assisting three of the goals in a 7–0 win.
Rafael Márquez : On 19 April 2018, Márquez announced that he would retire at the end of the season.
Rafael Márquez : On 13 December 2008, Márquez played his 200th match for Barcelona in their 2–0 win against Real Madrid.
Rafael Márquez : He made his debut in the league on 31 August, starting as Verona played out a goalless draw at home against Atalanta.
Rafael Márquez : On 9 August 2017, it was reported that Márquez was among 22 people sanctioned under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (also known as the "Kingpin Act") by the United States Treasury Department for alleged ties to a drug trafficking organization allegedly headed by Raúl Flores Hernández, a suspected drug trafficker with links to the Sinaloa Cartel and the Jalisco New Generation Cartel.
Rafael Márquez : The following week, Márquez played his final club match against Pachuca at the Estadio Hidalgo, which ended in a 0–0 draw.
Rafael Márquez : Rafael Márquez Álvarez (; born 13 February 1979) is a Mexican former professional footballer.
Rafael Márquez : After playing the 1999 Copa América with Mexico, Márquez joined French club AS Monaco for a reported US$6 million.
Rafael Márquez : In 2010 Márquez joined the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer.
Rafael Márquez : Márquez played his final match at the Estadio Jalisco on 20 April, a 1–0 victory in the Clásico Tapatío against Guadalajara.
Rafael Márquez : On 21 August, Márquez scored his first goal, an astonishing shot with his right foot, for the Red Bulls in a 4–1 win at Toronto FC.
Rafael Márquez : A Mexican international since 1997, Márquez has been capped 146 times for the national team, having won the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup, and the 2003 and 2011 editions of the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Ikililou Dhoinine : From 26 March to 31 March 2008, he was the provisional President of Anjouan, an island in the Comoros.
Ikililou Dhoinine : Ikililou Dhoinine (born 14 August 1962) is a Comorian politician who was the President of the Comoros from 2011 to 2016; he was a Vice-President of Comoros from 2006 to 2011.
Ikililou Dhoinine : Dhoinine won the 2010 Comorian presidential election, in which he received the most votes in the first round (28.19%).
Ikililou Dhoinine : He faced Mohamed Said Fazul and Abdou Djabir in a run-off election and received 61.12% to win the Presidency.
Ikililou Dhoinine : Dhoinine, a pharmacist by training, is the first President of Comoros from the island of Mohéli.
Jann Wenner : He also briefly managed the magazine "Look" and in 1993, started the magazine "Family Life."
Jann Wenner : He completed his secondary education at the Chadwick School in 1963 and went on to attend the University of California, Berkeley.
Jann Wenner : In May 2006, "Rolling Stone" published its 1000th edition with a holographic, 3-D cover modeled on The Beatles' "Sgt.
Jann Wenner : In the summer of 1967, following the start of "Rolling Stone", Wenner and Jane Schindelheim were married in a small Jewish ceremony.
Jann Wenner : He also discovered photographer Annie Leibovitz when she was a 21-year-old San Francisco Art Institute student.
Jann Wenner : Wenner has been involved in the conducting and writing of many of the magazine's famous Rolling Stone Interviews.
Jann Wenner : The magazine's circulation dipped briefly in the late 1970s/early 1980s as Rolling Stone responded slowly in covering the emergence of punk rock and again in the 1990s, when it lost ground to "Spin" and "Blender" in coverage of hip hop.
Jann Wenner : In 1977, "Rolling Stone" shifted its base of operations from San Francisco to New York City.
Jann Wenner : His parents divorced in 1958, and he and his sisters, Kate and Merlyn, were sent to boarding schools.
Jann Wenner : To get the magazine started, Wenner borrowed $7,500 from family members and from the family of his soon-to-be wife, Jane Schindelheim.
Jann Wenner : Before dropping out of Berkeley in 1966, Wenner was active in the Free Speech Movement and produced the column "Something's Happening" in the student-run newspaper, "The Daily Californian".
Jann Wenner : Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Wenner played an integral role in popularizing writers such as Hunter S. Thompson, Ben Fong-Torres, Paul Nelson, Greil Marcus, Dave Marsh, Grover Lewis, Timothy Crouse, Timothy Ferris, Joe Klein, Cameron Crowe, Joe Eszterhas and P.J.
Jann Wenner : Wenner founded the magazine "Outside" in 1977; William Randolph Hearst III and Jack Ford both worked for the magazine before Wenner sold it a year later.
Jann Wenner : Jann Simon Wenner (born January 7, 1946) is an American magazine magnate who is the co-founder and publisher of the popular culture magazine "Rolling Stone", and former owner of "Men's Journal" magazine.
Yōichi Masuzoe : Masuzoe has married three times.
Yōichi Masuzoe : In 1998, he published a book entitled "When I Put a Diaper on My Mother", which details his experience caring for his mother and the obstacles imposed by the Japanese welfare system.
Yōichi Masuzoe : The book sold 100,000 copies, more than any of his previous political works, and propelled Masuzoe into the national spotlight as an authority on the aging society in Japan.
Yōichi Masuzoe : His first marriage was to a French woman whom he met while studying in Europe; they divorced.
Yōichi Masuzoe : He became known as a frequent guest on political talk shows in Japan, particularly the popular "TV Tackle" program hosted by Takeshi Kitano.
Yōichi Masuzoe : He married Ministry of Finance bureaucrat Satsuki Katayama in 1986; they were divorced in 1989 and Katayama later became a member of the Diet.
Yōichi Masuzoe : Masuzoe was born in Kitakyushu in Fukuoka Prefecture on 29 November 1948.
Yōichi Masuzoe : He graduated from Yahata High School in 1967 and entered the Faculty of Law at the University of Tokyo, where he majored in law, politics and history.
Yōichi Masuzoe : Masuzoe was considered by both the Liberal Democratic Party and Democratic Party of Japan as a potential candidate for the 2014 gubernatorial election in Tokyo.
Yōichi Masuzoe : He was an assistant professor at the University of Tokyo from 1979 to 1989.
Alex Brosque : Alex Jason Brosque (; born 12 October 1983) is an Australian former professional footballer who was the captain of A-League club Sydney FC.
Frans Koppelaar : Through the years his style evolved into a simpler, straightforward approach.
Frans Koppelaar : He moved to Amsterdam in 1968.
Frans Koppelaar : By 1984, he no longer identified himself with any art movement.
Frans Koppelaar : Koppelaar is also known as a portraitist.
Frans Koppelaar : From 1963 to 1969, he attended the Royal Academy of Visual Arts at The Hague.
Frans Koppelaar : Koppelaar's work is congenial to a figurative movement in Dutch contemporary painting that evolved during the 1990s in a reaction to the pared-down conceptual art and the too pompous art-theories of that period.
Mark Henry : ", after weeks of vignettes hyping his return.
Mark Henry : He also works backstage as a producer.
Mark Henry : After his elimination, Henry attacked the three remaining participants before being escorted out by WWE officials.
Mark Henry : He lives in Austin, Texas with his wife Jana, son Jacob, and daughter Joanna.
Mark Henry : Doctors later found that Henry completely tore his patella tendon off the bone and split his patella completely in two.
Mark Henry : The Undertaker responded over the following weeks, playing various mind games with Henry.
Mark Henry : When Henry was 12 years old, his father, Ernest, died of complications from diabetes.
Mark Henry : The next night, Henry was awarded the European title by Jarrett in return for his help.
Mark Henry : When he was 14 years old, Henry was diagnosed with dyslexia.
Mark Henry : Henry was born in Silsbee, Texas.
Mark Henry : When Batista returned he and Henry were scheduled to face one another at The Great American Bash in July.
Mark Henry : Henry then began a feud with Ryback after several non-verbal confrontations.
Mark Henry : Henry lost the title one month later to Brown at the Unforgiven pay-per-view.
Mark Henry : Henry has an older brother named Pat.
Mark Henry : The following night on "Raw", he lost to Rusev again by knockout via submission.
Mark Henry : Cannon was eliminated on the August 10 episode of "NXT".
Mark Henry : On May 14, Henry announced he was going under a career-threatening surgery for an injury.
Mark Henry : Henry entered the King of the Ring Tournament, and lost to Bobby Lashley in the first round.
Mark Henry : Henry finally faced The Undertaker again at Unforgiven in September, losing to him after being given a Last Ride.
Mark Henry : Henry vowed to defeat The Undertaker and end his undefeated streak at WrestleMania, but The Undertaker defeated him.
Mark Henry : Afterward, Henry delivered the World's Strongest Slam to Ryback three times in a row.
Mark Henry : Henry was then challenged by Angle to face off at Judgment Day, Henry then sent a "message" to Angle by defeating Paul Burchill.
Mark Henry : After Henry competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, the WWF signed him to a ten-year contract.
Mark Henry : At the age of 19, Henry had already managed to qualify for the weightlifting competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where he finished tenth in the Super- Heavyweight class.
Mark Henry : A few weeks later, Hall of Famer Tony Atlas returned to WWE to act as Henry's manager.
Mark Henry : In April 1991, he won the United States National Junior Championships; 20 days later he placed fourth at the U.S. Senior National Championships, and finished sixth at the Junior World Weightlifting Championships in Germany two months later.
Mark Henry : Later that month, Henry reignited a feud with Sheamus by repeatedly attacking Sheamus backstage.
Mark Henry : This led to a strap match on May 19 at Extreme Rules, where Sheamus emerged victorious.
Mark Henry : Henry mentored Lucky Cannon in the second season of "NXT".
Mark Henry : Mastering the technique of weightlifting usually takes many years of practice, but Henry broke four national junior records in weightlifting after only eight months of training.
Mark Henry : He attacked The Undertaker after a World Heavyweight Championship steel cage match with Batista, allowing Edge to take advantage of the situation and use his Money in the Bank contract.
Mark Henry : In Henry's first year in competitive weightlifting, he broke all three junior (20 and under) American records 12 times, and became the United States' top Superheavyweight, surpassing Mario Martinez.
Mark Henry : After a nine-month absence, Henry made his return on the February 4, 2013 episode of "Raw", brutally attacking Daniel Bryan, Rey Mysterio and Sin Cara.
Mark Henry : During the rest of April and May, Henry gained a pinfall victory over the World Heavyweight Champion, Rey Mysterio in a non-title match.
Mark Henry : In October, Henry allied himself with R-Truth and Goldust in a feud against Titus O'Neil and The Shining Stars (Primo and Epico), in which Henry's team came out victorious.
Mark Henry : In March, Henry suffered another attack from Lesnar, this time resulting in Henry receiving an "F-5" through the announcing table.
Mark Henry : Henry returned to the WWE the next month and was sent to the SmackDown!
Mark Henry : In 1996 Henry became the North America, Central America, Caribbean Islands (NACAC) Champion.
Mark Henry : Henry returned on the May 11, 2007 episode of "SmackDown!
Mark Henry : At the pay-per-view on February 17, Henry eliminated Daniel Bryan and Kane before being eliminated by Randy Orton.
Mark Henry : Ten months before the 1992 Olympics, Henry had begun training with Dragomir Cioroslan, a bronze medalist at the 1984 Summer Olympics, who said that he had "never seen anyone with Mark's raw talent".
Mark Henry : At the Texas High School Powerlifting Championships in April 1990, Terry Todd, a professor of kinesiology at the University of Texas at Austin and former weightlifter, spotted Henry and persuaded him to go to Austin after he graduated to train in the Olympic style of weightlifting.
Mark Henry : In 2000, Henry was sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) to improve his conditioning and wrestling skills.
Mark Henry : Henry returned at the Royal Rumble on January 29, 2017 as entrant number 6, only to be eliminated by Braun Strowman.
Mark Henry : In April 2018, Henry was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2018.
Mark Henry : At the start of 2009, Henry qualified for the Money in the Bank ladder match at WrestleMania XXV, and was involved in a series of matches with the other competitors on "Raw", "SmackDown", and "ECW".
Mark Henry : He returned on February 10 episode of "Raw", and answered Dean Ambrose's open challenge for the United States Championship, but was unable to win the title due to interference by the rest of The Shield.
Mark Henry : On March 19, 2018, it was announced that Henry would be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Mark Henry : At the pay-per-view event, SummerSlam in August 1996, Henry came to the aid of Jake Roberts who was suffering indignity at the hands of Lawler.
Mark Henry : A week later, Henry received assistance from Daivari, who turned on Angle and announced that he was the manager of Henry.
Mark Henry : On the March 15 episode of "SmackDown", Henry was defeated by Ryback via disqualification, following interference from The Shield.
Mark Henry : Mark Jerrold Henry (born June 12, 1971) is an American powerlifter, Olympic weightlifter, strongman, and retired professional wrestler, who is currently signed to WWE under a Legends contract.
Mark Henry : Weeks before that event, however, on the July 15, 2006 "Saturday Night's Main Event XXXIII", Henry was involved in a six-man tag team match with King Booker and Finlay against Batista, Rey Mysterio, and Bobby Lashley.
Mark Henry : After a short hiatus, Henry returned to WWE programming on the October 23 episode of "ECW", attacking Kane, along with The Great Khali and Big Daddy V. Henry then began teaming with Big Daddy V against Kane and CM Punk, and was briefly managed by Big Daddy V's manager, Matt Striker.
Mark Henry : In August 2003, Henry returned to WWE television on the Raw roster as a heel where he found some success as a member of "Thuggin' And Buggin' Enterprises", a group of African Americans led by Theodore Long who worked a race angle in which they felt they were victims of racism and were being held down by the "white man".
Mark Henry : Henry then began a short feud with Kane, defeating him in a Lumberjack Match at One Night Stand.
Mark Henry : Henry then formed a team with Yoshi Tatsu on the November 29 episode of "Raw", defeating WWE Tag Team Champions Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater, after a distraction by John Cena.
Mark Henry : In August 2009, Henry formed a tag team with Montel Vontavious Porter and the two challenged the Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Jeri-Show (Chris Jericho and The Big Show) for the title at Breaking Point, but were unsuccessful.
Mark Henry : At the 2012 Royal Rumble event, Henry faced Bryan and Show in a triple threat steel cage match for the World Heavyweight Championship; Bryan escaped the cage to retain the title.
Subhash Kak : Subhash Kak (born 26 March 1947 in Srinagar) is an Indian-American computer scientist and a Hindutva-based historical revisionist.
Subhash Kak : Kak is the Regents Professor of Computer Science Department at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater and an honorary visiting professor of engineering at Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Subhash Kak : In 1979, he joined Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, where he was the Donald C. and Elaine T. Delaune Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering.
Gary Oldman : He unsuccessfully applied to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), which welcomed him to try again the following year, but advised him to find something else to do for a living.
Gary Oldman : In 2011, "Empire" readers voted him the recipient of the Empire Icon Award, which was presented by Colin Firth.
Gary Oldman : Oldman moved to the United States in the early 1990s, where he has resided since.
Gary Oldman : From 1997 to 2001, Oldman was married to model Donya Fiorentino, with whom he had two sons: Gulliver (born 1997) and Charlie (born 1999).
Gary Oldman : He wed English actress Lesley Manville in 1987, and their son, Alfie, was born the following year.
Gary Oldman : In September 2017, Oldman married writer and art curator Gisele Schmidt in a private ceremony at the home of his manager, Douglas Urbanski.
Gary Oldman : He has stated that Leonard was an alcoholic who left the family when Oldman was seven years old.
Gary Oldman : Roger Ebert hailed him as "one of the great actors, able to play high, low, crass, noble"; while Gene Siskel called him "wonderful" and one of his favourite actors.
Gary Oldman : On 31 December 2008, Oldman married English singer and actress Alexandra Edenborough in Santa Barbara, California.
Gary Oldman : In 2010, Oldman co-starred with Denzel Washington in "The Book of Eli".
Gary Oldman : Prior to his first Academy Award nomination for "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", Oldman was regarded as one of the greatest actors never nominated for the award; Leigh Singer of "The Guardian" called him "arguably the best actor never Oscar-nominated."
Gary Oldman : In 2018, in his first post-Oscar role, Oldman voiced an evil artificial intelligence in Netflix's independent film "Tau", and starred in "Hunter Killer" alongside Gerard Butler.
Gary Oldman : Gary Leonard Oldman (born 21 March 1958) is an English actor and filmmaker.
Gary Oldman : In 2001, he starred opposite Anthony Hopkins in "Hannibal", as Mason Verger, the only surviving victim of Hannibal Lecter.
Gary Oldman : Max Stafford-Clark, artistic director of the Royal Court Theatre, had seen Oldman's performance and cast him as Scopey, the lead role of Bond's "The Pope's Wedding", in 1984.
Gary Oldman : In contrast to his often dark on-screen roles, Oldman's affable real-life demeanour has been noted, and he was named as one of "Empire"s "100 Sexiest Stars in Film History" in 2007.
Gary Oldman : In 1990 he costarred with Tim Roth in "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead", Tom Stoppard's film adaptation of his own play of the same name.
Gary Oldman : Oldman's turn in "The Pope's Wedding" led to a run of work with the Royal Court, and from 1984 to 1986 he appeared in "Rat in the Skull" (Ron Hutchinson), "The Desert Air" (Nicholas Wright), "Cain and Abel", "The Danton Affair" (Pam Gems), "Women Beware Women" (Thomas Middleton), "Real Dreams" (Trevor Griffiths) and all three of Bond's "The War Plays": "Red Black and Ignorant", "The Tin Can People" and "Great Peace".
Gary Oldman : The following year, he starred as James Gordon in Christopher Nolan's commercially and critically successful "Batman Begins", a role that he reprised in the even more successful sequel "The Dark Knight" (2008) and once more in the conclusion, "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012).
Gary Oldman : In 2019, Oldman stars in horror-thriller "Mary", directed by Michael Goi, and appeared in Steven Soderbergh's "The Laundromat" as Jürgen Mossack, opposite Meryl Streep.
Quentin Meillassoux : This leads Meillassoux to proclaim that it is absolutely necessary that the laws of nature be contingent.
Quentin Meillassoux : The world is a kind of hyper-chaos in which the principle of sufficient reason is abandoned even while the principle of non-contradiction must be retained.
Quentin Meillassoux : Badiou, who wrote the foreword for Meillassoux's first book "After Finitude" ("Après la finitude", 2006), describes the work as introducing an entirely new option into modern philosophy, one that differs from Immanuel Kant's three alternatives of criticism, skepticism, and dogmatism.
Quentin Meillassoux : Un déchiffrage du coup de dés de Mallarmé".
Quentin Meillassoux : He teaches at the Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne, and is the son of the anthropologist Claude Meillassoux.
Quentin Meillassoux : Quentin Meillassoux (; ; born 1967) is a French philosopher.
Quentin Meillassoux : For these reasons, Meillassoux rejects Kant's so-called Copernican Revolution in philosophy.
Quentin Meillassoux : Since Kant makes the world dependent on the conditions by which humans observe it, Meillassoux accuses Kant of a "Ptolemaic Counter-Revolution."
Quentin Meillassoux : Meillassoux tries to show that the agnostic scepticism of those who doubt the reality of cause and effect must be transformed into a radical certainty that there is no such thing as causal necessity at all.
Quentin Meillassoux : In September 2011, Meillassoux's book on Stéphane Mallarmé was published in France under the title "Le nombre et la sirène.
Quentin Meillassoux : In this second book, he offers a detailed reading of Mallarmé's famous poem "Un coup de dés jamais n'abolira le hasard" ("A Throw of the Dice Will Never Abolish Chance"), in which he finds a numerical code at work in the text.
Quentin Meillassoux : In keeping with the mathematical interests of his mentor Alain Badiou, Meillassoux claims that mathematics is what reaches the primary qualities of things as opposed to their secondary qualities as manifested in perception.
Quentin Meillassoux : In Meillassoux's view, this is a dishonest maneuver that allows philosophy to sidestep the problem of how to describe the world as it really is prior to all human access.
Quentin Meillassoux : The book was translated into English by philosopher Ray Brassier.
Quentin Meillassoux : In this book, Meillassoux argues that post-Kantian philosophy is dominated by what he calls "correlationism," the often unstated theory that humans cannot exist without the world nor the world without humans.
Woody Allen : And I can't wait to fill it!
Woody Allen : I don't know what I'm doing.
Woody Allen : And that is what it takes to do something really unique.
Woody Allen : I love to do it."
Woody Allen : He is the most disciplined person I know.
Woody Allen : He's bold.
Woody Allen : He was 20 and she was 17.
Woody Allen : I have no ideas and I'm not sure where to begin.
Woody Allen : I never had any family dinners over there.
Woody Allen : He was earning more than both of his parents combined.
Woody Allen : "He showed me the ropes and I followed his lead.
Woody Allen : Selected filmography:
Woody Allen : He spoke German in his early years.
Woody Allen : It was a critical success and a commercial flop.
Woody Allen : Perelman.
Woody Allen : He taught himself rather than studying in the classroom.
Woody Allen : Along with a genius imagination."
Woody Allen : They attended more games and by 1991 had become closer.
Woody Allen : (1965), for which he wrote the screenplay.
Woody Allen : I expect this to be a cosmic embarrassment."
Woody Allen : His stuff was dazzling."
Woody Allen : They put a live teddy bear in my crib."
Woody Allen : "I just wanted it to be the way I saw Paris—Paris through my eyes," he added.
Woody Allen : He's got a lot of strength, a lot of courage in terms of his work.
Woody Allen : By the time he was working for Caesar, he was earning $1,500 a week.
Woody Allen : He works very hard," Keaton has said.
Woody Allen : When asked, Allen declined to comment.
Woody Allen : My guess is that Roy Price [the head of Amazon Studios] will regret this."
Woody Allen : They divorced in 1970.
Woody Allen : This uneasy onstage naturalness became a trademark."
Woody Allen : Rosen had been sexually assaulted outside her apartment.
Woody Allen : The marriage lasted until 1959.
Woody Allen : I've never in my entire life slept at Mia's apartment, and I never even used to go over there until my children came along seven years ago.
Woody Allen : The subjects of his jokes were rarely topical, political or socially relevant.
Woody Allen : Still his earnestness and the obvious regard he has for traditional jazz counts for something."
Woody Allen : By "best" he said he meant they came closest to his vision.
Woody Allen : "September" resembles "Autumn Sonata".
Woody Allen : He enjoyed writing, however, despite the work: "Nothing makes me happier than to tear open a ream of paper.
Woody Allen : Allen famously shuns award ceremonies, citing their subjectivity.
Woody Allen : Cruz received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Woody Allen : His daily writing routine could last as long as 15 hours, and he could focus and write anywhere necessary.
Woody Allen : Allen believes this to be one of his best films.
Woody Allen : The series is a comedy that takes place during the 1960s.
Woody Allen : They only want these $100 million pictures that make $500 million."
Woody Allen : "Amarcord" inspired "Radio Days".
Woody Allen : Fox and Mayim Bialik.
Woody Allen : He later joked that he was often sent to inter-faith summer camps when he was young.
Woody Allen : Allen has received many accolades and honors.
Woody Allen : The film follows a young engaged couple in Paris who see their lives transformed.
Woody Allen : Like Nichols and May, he often made fun of intellectuals.
Woody Allen : The film was structured in four vignettes featuring dialogue in both Italian and English.
Woody Allen : She also appeared briefly in "Stardust Memories".
Woody Allen : He also garnered nine British Academy Film Awards.
Woody Allen : It focuses on the life of a suburban family after a surprise visitor creates chaos among them.
Woody Allen : He estimated that to prepare for a 30-minute show, he spent six months of intensive writing.
Woody Allen : Allen never commented on whether this was deliberate or if his film was in any way inspired by it.
Woody Allen : Cyrus plays a radical hippie fugitive who sells marijuana.
Woody Allen : Allen stated that the film would cost between $80 and $100 million and is therefore unlikely to be made.
Woody Allen : Allen's childhood was not particularly happy; his parents did not get along and he had a rocky relationship with his stern, temperamental mother.
Woody Allen : In 1966 Allen wrote the play "Don't Drink the Water".
Woody Allen : Filming started in July 2009.
Woody Allen : According to Allen, the newspapers reported that she had been "violated".
Woody Allen : He later signed a deal with United Artists to produce several films.
Woody Allen : He was disappointed with the final product, which inspired him to direct every film he wrote thereafter.
Woody Allen : Allen said he wanted to "show the city emotionally," during the press conference.
Woody Allen : As of 2018 Keaton and Allen remain close friends.
Woody Allen : The film was almost universally praised, receiving a 93% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Woody Allen : Allen was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001.
Woody Allen : During the run she and Allen became romantically involved.
Woody Allen : For the next few years Allen had no direct involvement with the stage, but notable productions of his work were staged.
Woody Allen : He acted "normal", dressed casually, and made no attempt to project a stage "personality".
Woody Allen : He has won four Academy Awards: three for Best Original Screenplay and one for Best Director.
Woody Allen : His piping tone and strings of staccato notes can't approximate melodic or lyrical phrasing.
Woody Allen : He also worked with Danny Simon, whom Allen credits for helping form his writing style.
Woody Allen : Similarly, after he wrote for Bob Hope, Hope called him "half a genius".
Woody Allen : In 1991 Farrow wanted to adopt another child.
Woody Allen : And although he was described as a "classic nebbish", he did not tell Jewish jokes.
Woody Allen : And he did not improvise: "I put very little premium on improvisation," he told Studs Terkel.
Woody Allen : The film is set in the 1920s on the French Riviera.
Woody Allen : The production marked his stage-directing debut and sold out the entire run.
Woody Allen : "Blue Jasmine" debuted in July 2013.
Woody Allen : "The avaricious studios couldn't care less about good films—if they get a good film they're twice as happy but money-making films are their goal.
Woody Allen : In a 2006 interview with "Premiere Magazine" he said it was the best film he had ever made.
Woody Allen : When he began performing as a stand-up, he was much more selective, typically using only one out of ten jokes.
Woody Allen : Allen said of the series, "I don't know how I got into this.
Woody Allen : "In the United States things have changed a lot, and it's hard to make good small films now," Allen said in a 2004 interview.
Woody Allen : His first and only appearance at the Academy Awards was at the 2002 Oscars, where he received a standing ovation.
Woody Allen : In 2010 Allen released audio versions of his books in which he read 73 selections.
Woody Allen : For many years he wanted to make a film about the origins of jazz in New Orleans.
Woody Allen : He impressed students with his talent for cards and magic tricks.
Woody Allen : His early stand-up shows with his different style of humor were not always well received or understood by his audiences.
Woody Allen : Their relationship became public and "erupted into tabloid headlines and late-night monologues in August 1992."
Woody Allen : Allen made one sitcom "appearance" via telephone on the show "Just Shoot Me!"
Woody Allen : It marked Allen's return to acting since his last role in "Scoop".
Woody Allen : At the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, Allen said, in reference to his upcoming Amazon show, "It was a catastrophic mistake.
Woody Allen : He is often identified as part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmakers of the mid-1960s to late 1970s.
Woody Allen : He later taught at The New School and studied with writing teacher Lajos Egri.
Woody Allen : In September 1991, she began studies at Drew University in New Jersey.
Woody Allen : His reputation is not a dead shark but an albatross, which with admirable economy Allen has arranged for the critics to carry around their own necks."
Woody Allen : In his 50-year film career, Allen has received many award nominations.
Woody Allen : Allen and Previn were married in Venice, Italy, on December 23, 1997.
Woody Allen : His jokes were created from life experiences, and typically presented with a dead serious demeanor that made them funnier: "I don't think my family liked me.
Woody Allen : Unlike Bruce and Sahl, he did not discuss current events such as civil rights, women's rights, the Cold War, or Vietnam.
Woody Allen : It debuted at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival on May 12, 2011.
Woody Allen : Unlike other comedians, Allen spoke to his audiences in a gentle and conversational style, often appearing to be searching for words, although he was well rehearsed.
Woody Allen : As in many Allen films, the main protagonists are upper-middle class writers and academics.
Woody Allen : Unlike his comic persona, he was more interested in baseball than school and his strong arms ensured he was picked first for teams.
Woody Allen : When Allen wrote for other comedians, they would use eight out of ten of his jokes.
Woody Allen : He was later hired as a full-time writer for humorist Herb Shriner, initially earning $25 a week.
Woody Allen : Previn was asked to leave summer camp because she was spending too much time taking calls from a "Mr. Simon", who turned out to be Allen.
Woody Allen : Both Farrow and Allen contacted lawyers shortly after the photographs were discovered.
Woody Allen : In the interview, Allen said, "Knowing my ex-wife, it probably wasn't a moving violation."
Woody Allen : He also began going by the name "Woody Allen".
Woody Allen : When Allen received a Golden Globe Award for lifetime achievement in 2014, the issue returned to the forefront of media attention.
Woody Allen : In 1984 she and Allen tried to conceive a child together; Allen agreed to this on the understanding that he need not be involved in the child's care.
Woody Allen : He and his sister, future film producer Letty (born 1943), were raised in Brooklyn's Midwood neighborhood.
Woody Allen : "Vicky Cristina Barcelona" won Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy at the Golden Globe awards.
Woody Allen : His next film, "To Rome with Love", was a Rome-set comedy released in 2012.
Woody Allen : His family is Jewish; his grandparents were immigrants to the U.S. from Austria and the Lithuanian city of Panevėžys.
Woody Allen : Allen often stars in his films, typically in the persona he developed as a standup.
Woody Allen : He brought innovation to the comedy monologue genre and his stand-up comedy is considered influential.
Woody Allen : Keaton, who has made eight movies with Allen, has said, "He just has a mind like nobody else.
Woody Allen : Film critic Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" praised it.
Woody Allen : Allen was resistant at first, but after seeing Mort Sahl on stage, he felt safer to give it a try: "I'd never had the nerve to talk about it before.
Woody Allen : In total Keaton has starred in eight of Allen's films.
Woody Allen : Throughout the relationship they lived in separate apartments on opposite sides of Central Park in Manhattan.
Woody Allen : It opened on April 10, 2014, and closed on August 24, 2014.
Woody Allen : It is said that the role was written for her, as Keaton's birth name was Diane Hall.
Woody Allen : Bruce Willis was set to co-star, but was replaced by Steve Carell during filming.
Woody Allen : Some critics claimed that Allen's early 2000s films were subpar and expressed concern that his best years were behind him.
Woody Allen : Farrow told Dylan's pediatrician, who informed authorities.
Woody Allen : I was not a father to her adopted kids in any sense of the word.” Adding that Soon-Yi never treated him as a father figure and that he rarely spoke to her before the affair, Allen seemed to see few issues with their relationship.
Woody Allen : Allen's first directorial effort was "What's Up, Tiger Lily?"
Woody Allen : In a 2013 interview Keaton said that she "fell in love with him right away," adding, "I wanted to be his girlfriend so I did something about it."
Woody Allen : It was to be available exclusively on Amazon Prime Instant Video, and Amazon Studios had already ordered a full season.
Woody Allen : After her injury, she began attending New York Knicks basketball games with Allen in 1990.
Woody Allen : Allen said that this film, as well as the next three he had planned, had the financing and full support of Sony Pictures Classics.
Woody Allen : Chalamet, Gomez and Hall announced, in the light of the #MeToo movement, that they would be donating their salaries to various charities.
Woody Allen : In "Match Point" Allen shifts focus from the intellectual upper class of New York to the moneyed upper class of London.
Woody Allen : The film co-starred Farrow in a part Allen wrote specifically for her.
Woody Allen : The play opened on February 12, 1969, and ran for 453 performances.
Woody Allen : In 1962 alone he estimated that he wrote twenty thousand jokes for various comics.
Woody Allen : The show received six Tony nominations in total.
Woody Allen : Of his direction of the opera, Allen said, "I have no idea what I'm doing."
Woody Allen : His collections of short pieces includes "Getting Even", "Without Feathers", "Side Effects", and "Mere Anarchy".
Woody Allen : He began playing clarinet as a child and took his stage name from clarinetist Woody Herman.
Woody Allen : Allen strongly denied the allegation, calling it "an unconscionable and gruesomely damaging manipulation of innocent children for vindictive and self-serving motives".
Woody Allen : He was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album.
Woody Allen :  Allen is a passionate fan of jazz, which appears often in the soundtracks to his films.
Woody Allen : The musical closed on August 24, 2014, after 156 performances and 33 previews.
Woody Allen : Because he was not particularly happy with that version, in 1994 Allen directed and starred in a second version for television, with Michael J.
Woody Allen : Allen called it one of his three best films with "Stardust Memories" and "Match Point".
Woody Allen : She then starred in "Interiors" as a poet, followed by "Manhattan".
Woody Allen : Released in 2009 and described as a dark comedy, it follows the story of a botched suicide attempt turned messy love triangle.
Woody Allen : While receiving mixed reviews, it gave autobiographical insight into Allen's childhood, specifically his fascination with magic tricks.
Woody Allen : It featured Diane Keaton and Roberts.
Woody Allen : Allen wrote jokes (or "gags") for agent David O. Alber to make money, and Alber sold them to newspaper columnists.
Woody Allen : "Life" magazine put Allen on the cover of its March 21, 1969, issue.
Woody Allen : The film is scheduled to screen at European film festivals, including France's Deauville American Film Festival on opening day on September 6, 2019.
Woody Allen : "Manhattan" (1979) is a black-and-white film often viewed as an homage to New York City.
Woody Allen : The film earned more than $23 million domestically (more than any of his films in nearly 20 years) and over $62 million in international box office sales.
Woody Allen : Allen has been nominated for Best Director seven times and won for "Annie Hall".
Woody Allen : Allen uses many elements from "Wild Strawberries".
Woody Allen : According to court testimony, on August 4, 1992, Allen visited the children at Mia Farrow's home in Bridgewater, Connecticut, while she was shopping with a friend.
Woody Allen : "Match Point" (2005) was one of Allen's most successful films of the decade, garnering positive reviews.
Woody Allen : On August 17, 1992, Allen issued a statement saying that he was in love with Previn.
Woody Allen : The comedy "Mighty Aphrodite" (1995), in which Greek drama plays a large role, won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Mira Sorvino.
Woody Allen : According to Previn, her first friendly interaction with Allen took place when she was injured playing soccer during her junior year of high school and Allen offered to transport her to school.
Woody Allen : In June 1993 Justice Elliott Wilk rejected Allen's bid for custody and rejected the allegation of sexual abuse.
Woody Allen : In contrast to these lighter movies, Allen veered into darker satire toward the end of the decade with "Deconstructing Harry" (1997) and "Celebrity" (1998).
Woody Allen : He filed a lawsuit for $68 million, alleging Amazon gave "vague reasons" to terminate the contract, dropped the film over "a 25-year old, baseless allegation" and did not make payments.
Woody Allen : Allen also wrote for the "Candid Camera" television show, and appeared in some episodes.
Woody Allen : In an interview with journalist Katie Couric, Keaton did not deny that Allen wrote the part for her and about her.
Woody Allen : The film is similar to the 1942 film "Larceny, Inc." (from a play by S.J.
Woody Allen : in a 1997 episode, "My Dinner with Woody", that paid tribute to several of his films.
Woody Allen : His first great success was "Don't Drink the Water", which opened in 1968, and ran for 598 performances for almost two years on Broadway.
Woody Allen : "The Purple Rose of Cairo" was named by "Time" as one of the 100 best films of all time.
Woody Allen : He has performed publicly at least since the late 1960s, including with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band on the soundtrack of "Sleeper".
Woody Allen : Comedy screenwriter Larry Gelbart compared Allen's style to Elaine May: "He just styled himself completely after her," he said.
Woody Allen : In "Hannah and Her Sisters", part of the film's structure and background is borrowed from "Fanny and Alexander".
Woody Allen : Allen developed an anxious, nervous, and intellectual persona for his stand-up act, a successful move that secured regular gigs for him in nightclubs and on television.
Woody Allen : In 1997 rumors of Allen returning to the theatre to write a starring role for his wife Soon-Yi Previn turned out to be false.
Woody Allen : Allen, then 56, told Farrow that he had taken the photos the day before, approximately two weeks after he first had sex with Previn.
Woody Allen : It is markedly darker than Allen's first four films with DreamWorks SKG.
Woody Allen : In addition to directing, writing, and acting in films, Allen has written and performed in a number of Broadway theater productions.
Woody Allen : In a rare public appearance, Allen presented Keaton with the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2017.
Woody Allen : From 1960 to 1969 Allen performed as a stand-up comedian to supplement his comedy writing.
Woody Allen : He studied film at City College of New York in 1954, but left during the first semester.
Woody Allen : In January 1992, Farrow found nude photographs of Previn in Allen's home.
Woody Allen : Allen was not involved in the adoption, but when Dylan arrived he assumed a parental role toward her and began spending more time in Farrow's home.
Woody Allen : "A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy" was adapted from "Smiles of a Summer Night".
Woody Allen : His production of the opera opened the Festival of Two Worlds in Spoleto, Italy, in June 2009.
Woody Allen : According to a 1993 custody hearing, Allen told her he would not object to another adoption so long as she would agree to his adoption of Dylan and Moses; that adoption was finalized in December 1991.
Woody Allen : When given an assignment for a show he would leave and come back the next day with "reams of paper", according to producer Max Liebman.
Woody Allen : While best known for his films, Allen has enjoyed a successful career in theatre, starting as early as 1960, when he wrote sketches for the revue "From A to Z".
Woody Allen : In October 1993 the New York Child Welfare Agency of the state Department of Social Services closed a 14-month investigation and concluded there was not credible evidence of abuse or maltreatment and the report was unfounded.
Woody Allen : Allen began writing short jokes when he was 15, and the following year began sending them to various Broadway writers to see if they'd be interested in buying any.
Woody Allen : According to Allen, his first published joke read: "Woody Allen says he ate at a restaurant that had O.P.S.
Woody Allen : While attending Hebrew school for eight years, he went to Public School 99 (now the Isaac Asimov School for Science and Literature) and Midwood High School, graduating in 1953.
Woody Allen : His early comic fiction was influenced by the zany, pun-ridden humor of S.J.
Woody Allen : On December 19, 1987, Farrow gave birth to their son Satchel Farrow (later known as Ronan Farrow).
Woody Allen : At age 17, he legally changed his name to Heywood Allen and later began to call himself Woody.
Woody Allen : Her bit part in "Annie Hall" ended up on the cutting room floor, and their relationship, never publicly acknowledged by Allen, reportedly began when she was 17 and a student at Stuyvesant High School in New York.
Woody Allen : Eric Lax, Allen's biographer, wrote in "The New York Times" that Allen was "there before they [the children] wake up in the morning, he sees them during the day and he helps put them to bed at night".
Woody Allen : In an August 1992 interview with "Time Magazine" Allen said, “I am not Soon-Yi's father or stepfather”, adding, “I’ve never even lived with Mia.
Woody Allen : "Annie Hall" was very important in Allen's and Keaton's careers.
Woody Allen : In an interview on "The Dick Cavett Show", Allen repeated his comments and said he had been sued for "$1 million."
Woody Allen : Allen was born Allan Stewart Konigsberg in the Brooklyn borough of New York City on December 1, 1935.
Woody Allen : "Annie Hall" set the standard for modern romantic comedy and ignited a fashion trend with the clothes Keaton wore in the film.
Woody Allen : Lasser appeared in three of Allen's films: "Take the Money and Run", "Bananas", and "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)".
Woody Allen : Allen received a Tony Award nomination for Best Book of a Musical.
Woody Allen : Allen's daughter Bechet Dumaine Allen supported Moses's comments.
Woody Allen : One of those writers was Abe Burrows, coauthor of "Guys and Dolls", who wrote, "Wow!
Woody Allen : "Midnight in Paris" won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and became his highest-grossing film, making $151 million worldwide on a $17 million budget.
Woody Allen : In 1967 Allen played Jimmy Bond in the 007 spoof "Casino Royale".
Woody Allen : They have adopted two children, Bechet and Manzie, and live in the Carnegie Hill section of Manhattan's Upper East Side.
Woody Allen : Overcome by the recent death of a friend from illness, Bates says, "I don't want to make funny movies anymore" and a running gag has various people (including visiting space aliens) telling him that they appreciate his films, "especially the early, funny ones."
Woody Allen : Dick Cavett was amazed at Allen's capacity to write: "He can go to a typewriter after breakfast and sit there until the sun sets and his head is pounding, interrupting work only for coffee and a brief walk, and then spend the whole evening working."
Woody Allen : His screenplay for "Annie Hall" was named the funniest screenplay by the Writers Guild of America in its list of the "101 Funniest Screenplays".
Woody Allen : During the following day, that friend's babysitter told her employer that she had seen that "Dylan was sitting on the sofa, and Woody was kneeling on the floor, facing her, with his head in her lap".
Woody Allen : Rosen, whom Allen called "the Dread Mrs. Allen" in his standup act, sued him for defamation as a result of comments he made during a television appearance shortly after their divorce.
Woody Allen : In his mid-1960s album "Standup Comic", Allen said that Rosen had sued him because of a joke he made in an interview.
Woody Allen : After writing for many of television's leading comedians and comedy shows, Allen was gaining a reputation as a "genius", composer Mary Rodgers said.
Woody Allen : During this decade Allen also starred in the television film "The Sunshine Boys" (1995), based on the Neil Simon play of the same name.
Woody Allen : When the effort to get pregnant failed, Farrow adopted a baby girl, Dylan Farrow, in July 1985.
Woody Allen : In the 1970s Allen wrote a number of one-act plays, most notably "God" and "Death", which were published in his 1975 collection "Without Feathers".
Woody Allen : "Stardust Memories" was based on "8½", which it parodies, and "Wild Strawberries".
Woody Allen : Despite two Tony Award nominations, a Tony win for the acting of Brian Backer (who won the 1981 Theater World Award and a Drama Desk Award for his work), the play only ran for 62 performances.
Woody Allen : In February 2019 it was announced that Amazon Studios had dropped "A Rainy Day in New York" and would no longer finance, produce, or distribute films with Allen.
Woody Allen : The film is ranked 35th on the "American Film Institute" "100 Best Movies" and fourth on the AFI list of the "100 Best Comedies."
Woody Allen : The show played for 453 performances and was nominated for three Tony Awards, although none of the nominations were for Allen's writing or acting.
Woody Allen : The band released the albums "The Bunk Project" (1993) and the soundtrack of "Wild Man Blues" (1997).
Woody Allen : He began his career as a comedy writer in the 1950s, writing jokes and scripts for television and publishing several books of short humor pieces.
Woody Allen : Critic Roger Ebert described Allen as "a treasure of the cinema".
Woody Allen : Wilk said he was less certain than the Yale-New Haven team that there was conclusive evidence that there was no sexual abuse and called Allen's conduct with Dylan "grossly inappropriate", although not sexual.
Woody Allen : Allen first appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" on November 1, 1963, and over nine years his guest appearances included 17 in the host's chair.
Woody Allen : The play was significant to Keaton's budding career, and she has said she was in "awe" of Allen even before auditioning for her role, which was the first time she met him.
Woody Allen : Both of Allen's parents were born and raised on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Woody Allen : Allen's first movie was the Charles K. Feldman production "What's New, Pussycat?"
Woody Allen : In the official Statement of decision of the prosecution, Frank Maco acknowledged that even in the case of custody and with a more favorable standard of proof for the accusation that "proof beyond a reasonable doubt" it had been impossible to reach the conclusion that the abuse had occurred.
Woody Allen : Allen's short, "Oedipus Wrecks", is about a neurotic lawyer and his critical mother.
Woody Allen : In 1971 he hosted one of his final "Tonight Shows", with guests Bob Hope and James Coco.
Woody Allen : In February 2019 Allen teamed with Mediapro, an independent TV-film company from Spain, to develop his next film, "Rifkin's Festival".
Woody Allen : One woman employed to care for Farrow's children said that for about 20 minutes that afternoon she had not known where Dylan was, while a second said that, at one point, Dylan had been wearing no underwear under her dress.
Woody Allen : After high school, he attended New York University, studying communication and film in 1953, before dropping out after failing the course "Motion Picture Production".
Woody Allen : In 2007 he said "Stardust Memories" (1980), "The Purple Rose of Cairo" (1985), and "Match Point" (2005) were his best films.
Woody Allen : When Farrow asked Dylan about it, Dylan allegedly said that Allen had touched Dylan's "private part" while they were alone together in the attic.
Woody Allen : In the early 1960s, he performed as a stand-up comedian, emphasizing monologues rather than traditional jokes, where he developed the persona of an insecure, intellectual, fretful nebbish, which he maintains is quite different from his real-life personality.
Woody Allen : The show was directed and choreographed by Susan Stroman, known for directing the stage and film productions of Mel Brooks's "The Producers".
Woody Allen : Allen and Mia Farrow met in 1979 and began a relationship in 1980; Farrow starred in 13 of Allen's films from 1982 to 1992.
Woody Allen : In 1969 Allen directed, starred in, and co-wrote (with Mickey Rose) "Take the Money and Run", which received positive reviews.
Woody Allen : The next play Allen wrote for Broadway was "Play It Again, Sam", in which he also starred.
Woody Allen : In March 1993 a six-month investigation by the Child Sexual Abuse Clinic of Yale-New Haven Hospital concluded that Dylan had not been sexually assaulted.
Woody Allen : "Hollywood Ending", "Anything Else", and "Melinda and Melinda" have "rotten" ratings on film-review website Rotten Tomatoes and each earned less than $4 million domestically.
Woody Allen : As a result of the jokes Allen mailed to various writers, he was invited, then age 19, to join the NBC Writer's Development Program in 1955, followed by a job on "The NBC Comedy Hour" in Los Angeles.
Woody Allen : Allen and his band played at the Montreal International Jazz Festival on two consecutive nights in June 2008.
Woody Allen : In 2004 Comedy Central ranked Allen fourth on a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comedians, while a UK survey ranked Allen the third-greatest comedian.
Woody Allen : Allen has written several one-act plays off Broadway, including "Riverside Drive", "Old Saybrook" and "A Second Hand Memory", at the Variety Arts Theatre.
Woody Allen : As a New York icon, he had been asked by the Academy to present a film montage of clips of New York City in the movies, which was put together by Nora Ephron, to honor the city after 9/11.
Woody Allen : Others were less harsh; reviewing the little-liked "Melinda and Melinda", Roger Ebert wrote, "I cannot escape the suspicion that if Woody had never made a previous film, if each new one was Woody's Sundance debut, it would get a better reception.
Woody Allen : Woody Allen and his New Orleans Jazz Band have been playing each Monday evening at the Carlyle Hotel in Manhattan for many years specializing in New Orleans jazz from the early 20th century.
Woody Allen : Those films eventually became "Bananas" (1971, co-written with Rose), "Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)" (1972), "Sleeper" (1973), and "Love and Death" (1975).
Woody Allen : Allen co-starred with John Turturro in "Fading Gigolo," written and directed by Turturro, which premiered in September 2013.
Woody Allen : He next produced a vividly idiosyncratic tragicomic parody of documentary, "Zelig", in which he starred as a Leonard Zelig, a man who has the ability to transform his appearance to that of the people surrounding him.
Woody Allen : In 1956, Allen married Harlene Rosen.
Woody Allen : In 1976 he starred as cashier Howard Prince in "The Front," directed by Martin Ritt.
Woody Allen : Tentatively titled "American Blues", the film would follow the different careers of Louis Armstrong and Sidney Bechet.
Woody Allen : In 1977 Mia Farrow and André Previn adopted Soon-Yi Previn, who had been abandoned from Seoul.
Woody Allen : The film is distributed by Amazon Studios, and opened the 2016 Cannes Film Festival on May 11, 2016, the third time Allen has opened the festival.
Woody Allen : He is the son of Nettie (née Cherry; November 8, 1906 – January 27, 2002), a bookkeeper at her family's delicatessen, and Martin Konigsberg (December 25, 1900 – January 8, 2001), a jewelry engraver and waiter.
Woody Allen : In "Crimes and Misdemeanors", Allen references a scene from "Wild Strawberries".
Woody Allen : Although they broke up after a year, she continued to star in his films, including "Sleeper" as a futuristic poet and "Love and Death" as a composite character based on the novels of Tolstoy and Dostoevsky.
Woody Allen : By the mid-1960s Allen was writing and directing films, first specializing in slapstick comedies before moving into dramatic material influenced by European art cinema during the 1970s, and alternating between comedies and dramas to the present.
Woody Allen : He then began proceedings in New York Supreme Court for sole custody of his and Farrow's son Satchel, as well as Dylan and Moses, their two adopted children.
Woody Allen : On January 14, 2015, it was announced that Allen would write and direct a TV series of half-hour episodes for Amazon Studios, marking the first time he has developed a television show.
Woody Allen : "Match Point" earned Allen his first Academy Award nomination since 1998, for Best Writing – Original Screenplay, with directing and writing nominations at the Golden Globes, his first Globe nominations since 1987.
Woody Allen : "Sleeper" was the first of four screenplays co-written by Allen and Marshall Brickman.
Woody Allen : "Annie Hall" (1977) won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actress in a Leading Role for Diane Keaton, Best Original Screenplay and Best Director for Woody Allen.
Woody Allen : When he was finally noticed by the media, writers like "The New York Times"s Arthur Gelb described Allen's nebbish quality as "Chaplinesque" and "refreshing".
Woody Allen : In 1965 Allen filmed a half-hour comedy special in Great Britain for Granada Television, "The Woody Allen Show".
Woody Allen : On May 24, 2018, Ronan called Moses's comments part of a smear campaign against Dylan.
Woody Allen : "Whatever Works" was written by Allen in the 1970s, and David's character was written for Zero Mostel, who died the year "Annie Hall" came out.
Woody Allen : On September 30, 2016, Amazon Video debuted Allen's first television series production, "Crisis in Six Scenes".
Woody Allen : In 1966, Allen married Louise Lasser.
Woody Allen : He provided the voice of Z in DreamWorks' first animated film, "Antz" (1998), which featured many actors he had worked with; Allen's character was similar to his earlier roles.
Woody Allen : A film adaptation of the play, directed by Howard Morris, was released in 1969, starring Jackie Gleason.
Woody Allen : The singing and dancing scenes in "Everyone Says I Love You" are similar to musicals starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.
Woody Allen : In 1989 Allen and directors Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese made "New York Stories", an anthology film about New Yorkers.
Woody Allen : Also contributing to the plays are Elaine May and Ethan Coen with John Turturro directing.
Woody Allen : It was released theatrically in the US on September 23, 2010, following a Cannes debut in May 2010, and a screening at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2010.
Woody Allen : He began writing scripts for "The Ed Sullivan Show", "The Tonight Show", specials for Sid Caesar post-"Caesar's Hour" (1954–1957), and other television shows.
Woody Allen : He returned to lighter movies like "Bullets over Broadway" (1994), which earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Director, followed by a musical, "Everyone Says I Love You" (1996).
Woody Allen : Opening to critical acclaim, the film earned Allen another Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay, and Blanchett received the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Woody Allen : The film served as the closing night selection at the 55th New York Film Festival on October 15, 2017, and was theatrically released on December 1, 2017, as the first movie self-distributed to theaters by Amazon Studios.
Woody Allen : Allen also performed standup comedy on other series, including "The Andy Williams Show" and "The Perry Como Show", where he interacted with other guests and occasionally sang.
Woody Allen : "Small Time Crooks" was a relative financial success, grossing over $17 million domestically, but Allen's next four films foundered at the box office, including Allen's most costly film, "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion" (with a budget of $26 million).
Woody Allen : "Small Time Crooks" (2000) was Allen's first film with the DreamWorks studio and represented a change in direction: he began giving more interviews and made an attempt to return to his slapstick roots.
Woody Allen : After Allen was taken under the wing of his new manager, Jack Rollins, who had recently discovered Nichols and May, Rollins suggested he perform his written jokes as a stand-up.
Woody Allen : It stars Allen alongside Elaine May and Miley Cyrus.
Woody Allen : In 1969, Allen cast Diane Keaton in his Broadway show "Play It Again, Sam."
Woody Allen : According to the "Los Angeles Times", "Manhattan" was based on Allen's romantic relationship with actress Stacey Nelkin.
Woody Allen : Heywood "Woody" Allen (born Allan Stewart Konigsberg; December 1, 1935) is an American director, writer, actor, and comedian whose career spans more than six decades.
Woody Allen : On April 29, 2018, Ronan Farrow commented on the allegations on Preet Bharara's podcast, saying of Allen, "It's hard to escape that at the very least there should be a tremendous cloud of suspicion over this guy and he should never have been allowed other children."
Woody Allen : Allen has been married three times: to Harlene Rosen (m. 1956–1959), Louise Lasser, (m. 1966–1970), and Soon-Yi Previn (m. 1997–present).
Woody Allen : "Stardust Memories" (1980) features Sandy Bates, a successful filmmaker played by Allen, who expresses resentment and scorn for his fans.
Woody Allen : A production of "God" was staged at The Bank of Brazil Cultural Center in Rio de Janeiro, and theatrical adaptations of Allen's films "Bullets Over Broadway" and "September" were produced in Italy and France, respectively, without Allen's involvement.
Woody Allen : The show drew mixed reviews from critics but received six Tony Award nominations, including one for Allen for Best Book of a Musical.
Woody Allen : Then came two of Allen's most popular films: "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan".
Woody Allen : Allen reached an agreement to film "Vicky Cristina Barcelona" in Avilés, Barcelona, and Oviedo, Spain, where shooting started on July 9, 2007.
Woody Allen : Allen's 1991 film "Shadows and Fog" is a black-and-white homage to the German expressionists and features the music of Kurt Weill.
Woody Allen : Allen has combined tragic and comic elements in such films as "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986) and "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989), in which he tells two stories that connect at the end.
Woody Allen : He also had a 12-year relationship with actress Mia Farrow and relationships with Stacey Nelkin and Diane Keaton.
Woody Allen : On February 1, 2014, "New York Times" columnist Nicholas Kristof, with Dylan's permission, published a column that included excerpts from a letter Dylan had written to Kristof about her memories and feelings about the initial episode, public reaction to the issue, and Allen's award.
Woody Allen : Allen's 1980s films, even the comedies, have somber and philosophical undertones, and are influenced by European directors, specifically Ingmar Bergman and Federico Fellini.
Woody Allen : In 1987, she had a cameo as a nightclub singer in "Radio Days", and she was chosen to replace Mia Farrow in "Manhattan Murder Mystery" after Allen and Farrow began having problems with their relationship.
Woody Allen : Farrow had seven children when they met: three biological sons from her marriage to composer André Previn, three adopted girls (two Vietnamese and one South Korean, Soon-Yi Previn), and an adopted South Korean boy, Moses Farrow.
Woody Allen : The documentary film "Wild Man Blues" (directed by Barbara Kopple) chronicles a 1996 European tour by Allen and his band, as well as his relationship with Previn.
Woody Allen : (1966, co-written with Mickey Rose), in which an existing Japanese spy movie—"" (1965), "International Secret Police: Key of Keys"—was redubbed in English by Allen and friends with fresh new, comic dialogue.
Woody Allen : In June 2007 it was announced that Allen would make two more creative debuts in the theatre, directing a work he did not write and directing an opera—a reinterpretation of Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi" for the Los Angeles Opera—which debuted at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion on September 6, 2008.
Woody Allen : He wrote jokes for the Buddy Hackett sitcom "Stanley" and for "The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom", and in 1958 he co-wrote a few Sid Caesar specials with Larry Gelbart.
Woody Allen : From 1976 to 1984 Stuart Hample wrote and drew "Inside Woody Allen", a comic strip based on Allen's film persona.
Woody Allen : "Manhattan" focuses on the complicated relationship between middle-aged Isaac Davis (Allen) and 17-year-old Tracy (Mariel Hemingway), and co-stars Diane Keaton.
Woody Allen : His success continued with "Play It Again, Sam", which opened in 1969, starring Allen and Diane Keaton.
Woody Allen : Allen made his professional stage debut at the Blue Angel nightclub in Manhattan in October 1960, where comedian Shelley Berman introduced him as a young television writer who would perform his own material.
Woody Allen : In 2003 Allen finally returned to the stage with "Writer's Block", an evening of two one-acts—"Old Saybrook" and "Riverside Drive"—that played Off-Broadway.
Woody Allen : On May 23, 2018, Moses Farrow defended Allen against Dylan's and Mia's allegations on his blog, saying that he was in the house that day and did not lose sight of Dylan during his father's entire visit.
Woody Allen : Comedy historian Gerald Nachman notes that Allen, while not the first to do stand-up, would eventually have greater impact than all the others in the 1960s, and would redefine the meaning of stand-up comedy: "He helped turn it into biting, brutally honest satirical commentary on the cultural and psychological tenor of the times."
Woody Allen : Television talk show host Dick Cavett, who was among the minority who quickly appreciated Allen's unique style, recalls seeing the audience at the Blue Angel mostly ignore Allen's monologue: "I recognized immediately that there was no young comedian in the country in the same class with him for sheer brilliance of jokes, and I resented the fact that the audience was too dumb to realize what they were getting."
Woody Allen : After co-starring alongside Allen in the subsequent film version of "Play It Again, Sam", she later co-starred in "Sleeper", "Love and Death", "Annie Hall", "Interiors" and "Manhattan".
Woody Allen : Set in London, it starred Jonathan Rhys Meyers and Scarlett Johansson.
Woody Allen : "Manhattan Murder Mystery" (1993) combined suspense with dark comedy and marked the return of Diane Keaton, Alan Alda and Anjelica Huston.
Woody Allen : Also in 2003 reports of Allen writing the book for a musical based on "Bullets Over Broadway" surfaced, and it opened in New York in 2014.
Woody Allen : Burrows then wrote Allen letters of introduction to Sid Caesar, Phil Silvers, and Peter Lind Hayes, who immediately sent Allen a check for just the jokes Burrows included as samples.
Woody Allen : "A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy" (1982) was the first movie Allen made starring Mia Farrow, who stepped into Diane Keaton's role when Keaton was shooting "Reds".
Woody Allen : In 2004 Allen's first full-length play since 1981, "A Second Hand Memory", was directed by Allen and enjoyed an extended run Off-Broadway.
Woody Allen : After a long hiatus from the stage, Allen returned to the theatre in 1995 with the one-act "Central Park West", an installment in an evening of theatre, "Death Defying Acts", that also included new work by David Mamet and Elaine May.
Woody Allen : Eric Lax authored the book "Woody Allen: A Biography".
Woody Allen : Allen's 1999 jazz-based comedy-drama "Sweet and Lowdown" was nominated for two Academy Awards, for Sean Penn (Best Actor) and Samantha Morton (Best Supporting Actress).
Woody Allen : He subsequently released three LP albums of live nightclub recordings: the self-titled "Woody Allen" (1964), "Volume 2" (1965), and "The Third Woody Allen Album" (1968), recorded at a fund-raiser for Senator Eugene McCarthy's presidential run.
Woody Allen : He also made three films about show business: "Broadway Danny Rose", in which he plays a New York show business agent, "The Purple Rose of Cairo", a movie that shows the importance of the cinema during the Depression through the character of the naive Cecilia, and "Radio Days", a film about his childhood in Brooklyn and the importance of the radio.
Woody Allen : Allen then made his critically acclaimed comedy-drama "Husbands and Wives" (1992), which received two Oscar nominations: Best Supporting Actress for Judy Davis and Best Original Screenplay for Allen.
Woody Allen : In April 2008 he began filming "Whatever Works", a film aimed more toward older audiences, starring Larry David, Patricia Clarkson, and Evan Rachel Wood.
Woody Allen : In December 2018 "The Hollywood Reporter" interviewed Babi Christina Engelhardt, who said she had an eight-year affair with Allen that began in 1976 when she was 17 years old (they met when she was 16), and that she believes the character of Tracy in "Manhattan" is a composite of any number of Allen's presumed other real-life young paramours from that period, not necessarily Nelkin or Engelhardt.
Woody Allen : In a 2011 review of a concert by Allen's jazz band, critic Kirk Silsbee of the "Los Angeles Times" suggested that Allen should be regarded a competent musical hobbyist with a sincere appreciation for early jazz: "Allen's clarinet won't make anyone forget Sidney Bechet, Barney Bigard or Evan Christopher.
Woody Allen : It was announced in February 2012 that Allen would adapt "Bullets over Broadway" into a Broadway musical.
Woody Allen : He worked alongside Mel Brooks, Carl Reiner, Larry Gelbart, and Neil Simon.
Woody Allen : In 2013 Allen shot the romantic comedy "Magic in the Moonlight" with Emma Stone, and Colin Firth in Nice, France.
Woody Allen : He currently holds the record for the most Academy Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay, with 16 nominations and three wins ("Annie Hall", "Hannah and Her Sisters", and "Midnight in Paris").
Woody Allen : Allen started writing short stories and cartoon captions for magazines such as "The New Yorker"; he was inspired by the tradition of "New Yorker" humorists S. J. Perelman, George S. Kaufman, Robert Benchley, and Max Shulman, whose material he modernized.
Woody Allen : His contemporaries during those years included Lenny Bruce, Shelley Berman, the team of Mike Nichols and Elaine May, Joan Rivers and Mort Sahl, his personal favorite.
Woody Allen : His next film, "Café Society", starred an ensemble cast, including Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, and Blake Lively.
Woody Allen : Filmmakers who have cited Allen as an influence include Wes Anderson, Greta Gerwig, and Noah Baumbach.
Woody Allen : He plays songs by Sidney Bechet, George Lewis, Johnny Dodds, Jimmie Noone, and Louis Armstrong.
Woody Allen : "The Front" was a humorous and poignant account of Hollywood blacklisting during the 1950s; Ritt, screenwriter Walter Bernstein, and three of Allen's cast-mates, Samuel "Zero" Mostel, Herschel Bernardi, and Lloyd Gough, had themselves been blacklisted.
Woody Allen : His film "A Rainy Day in New York", starring Timothée Chalamet, Selena Gomez, Elle Fanning, Jude Law, Diego Luna, Liev Schreiber and Rebecca Hall began production in New York in September 2017.
Woody Allen : In 1972 Allen wrote and starred in the film version of "Play It Again, Sam", directed by Herbert Ross and co-starring Diane Keaton.
Woody Allen : Some of the best-known of his over 50 films are "Annie Hall" (1977), "Manhattan" (1979), "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986), "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989), and "Midnight in Paris" (2011).
Woody Allen : In October 2011 Allen's one-act play "Honeymoon Motel" premiered as one in a series of one-act plays on Broadway titled "Relatively Speaking".
Woody Allen : Apart from "Wild Man Blues", directed by Barbara Kopple, there are other documentaries featuring Woody Allen, including the 2001 cable-television documentary "Woody Allen: a Life in Film", directed by "Time" film critic Richard Schickel, which interlaces interviews of Allen with clips of his films, and "Meetin' WA", a short interview of Allen by French director Jean-Luc Godard.
Woody Allen : In September 2016 Allen started filming "Wonder Wheel", set in the 1950s in Coney Island, and starring Kate Winslet and Justin Timberlake.
Woody Allen : The movie featured Scarlett Johansson, Javier Bardem, Rebecca Hall and Penélope Cruz.
Woody Allen : In May 2019 "Variety" magazine confirmed that the film's cast would include Christoph Waltz, Elena Anaya, Louis Garrel, Gina Gershon, Sergi López and Wally Shawn and be produced by Gravier Productions.
Woody Allen : The play starred Lou Jacobi, Kay Medford, Anita Gillette and Allen's future movie co-star Tony Roberts.
Woody Allen : On October 20, 2011, Allen's one-act play "Honeymoon Motel" opened on Broadway as part of a larger piece titled "Relatively Speaking", with two other one-act plays, one by Ethan Coen and one by Elaine May.
Woody Allen : "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger", filmed in London, stars Antonio Banderas, Josh Brolin, Anthony Hopkins, Anupam Kher, Freida Pinto and Naomi Watts.
Woody Allen : Three of Allen's films have been nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture, "Annie Hall", "Hannah and Her Sisters", and "Midnight in Paris".
Woody Allen : In 2011 the PBS series American Masters co-produced the documentary "Woody Allen: a Documentary", directed by Robert B. Weide.
Woody Allen : From July to August 2014 Allen filmed the mystery drama "Irrational Man" in Newport, Rhode Island, with Joaquin Phoenix, Emma Stone, Parker Posey and Jamie Blackley.
Woody Allen : In 2011 PBS televised the film biography "Woody Allen: A Documentary" on its series "American Masters".
Woody Allen : New interviews provide insight and backstory with Diane Keaton, Scarlett Johansson, Penélope Cruz, Dianne Wiest, Larry David, Chris Rock, Martin Scorsese, Dick Cavett, and Leonard Maltin among many others.
Woody Allen : The film is set in San Francisco and New York, and stars Alec Baldwin, Cate Blanchett, Louis C.K., Andrew Dice Clay, Sally Hawkins, and Peter Sarsgaard.
Woody Allen : Allen has said that he was enormously influenced by comedians Bob Hope, Groucho Marx, Mort Sahl, Charlie Chaplin, W.C. Fields, playwright George S. Kaufman and filmmaker Ingmar Bergman.
Woody Allen : Allen announced that his next film would be titled "Midnight in Paris" starring Owen Wilson, Marion Cotillard, Rachel McAdams, Michael Sheen, Corey Stoll, Allison Pill, Tom Hiddleston, Adrien Brody, Kathy Bates, and Carla Bruni, the First Lady of France at the time of production.
Woody Allen : In 1981 Allen's play "The Floating Light Bulb", starring Danny Aiello and Bea Arthur, premiered on Broadway and ran for 65 performances.
Woody Allen : In 1981 Allen's play "The Floating Light Bulb" opened on Broadway.
Woody Allen : Many comedians have cited Allen as an influence, including Louis C.K., Jon Stewart, Chris Rock, John Mulaney, Bill Hader, Aziz Ansari, Sarah Silverman, Seth MacFarlane, Seth Meyers, Richard Ayoade, Bill Maher, Larry David, Albert Brooks, John Cleese and Garry Shandling.
Woody Allen : In March 2014 Allen's musical "Bullets Over Broadway" premiered at the St. James Theatre.
Woody Allen : The cast included Zach Braff, Nick Cordero and Betsy Wolfe.
Woody Allen : On March 11, 2014, Allen's musical "Bullets Over Broadway" opened on Broadway at the St. James Theatre.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : He was sent to Fresnes Prison near Paris.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : In May 1971, he fled to Franca, Brazil at which time he joined the military front of the organisation.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : After his release in France, he was handed over to the Spanish authorities on 4 May 1996.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : On 6 December 1972, he participated in an attack on the Union House of Hernani.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : On 26 October 1990, he was found guilty and was sentenced to ten years in prison for conspiracy, use of false documents and illegal possession of weapons.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : Later he was extradited to Spain, where he was freed when it was considered that he had been judged in France regarding his membership and financing of ETA and the other crimes of which he had been accused.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : On 21 January 1973, along with other members of ETA, he used a powder keg with more than 3,000 kilograms of dynamite and various explosive materials to plan an attack.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : Part of those explosives were used in December 1973 to kill Luis Carrero Blanco, who served as Spanish Prime Minister during the Franco government.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : The Office of the Public Prosecutor of the National Hearing Solicitor in July 1993 sentenced Ternera to twelve years of prison for being in charge of the international apparatus of ETA from 1984 to his arrest in 1989.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : He later assumed responsibility for the military front Eustakio Mendizábal Benito.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : The judge of the Audiencia Nacional, Javier Gomez de Liaño, ordered his detention.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : Ternera has been a member of the Basque Parliament in Vizcaya on the lists of Euskal Herritarrok and has been a member of the Commission of Human Rights.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : In January 1989, he was arrested in Bayonne with Elena Beloki, the leader of Herri Batasuna, who was later recognized as the organizer of the international apparatus of ETA.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : He was summoned to testify on two occasions before the Supreme Court, who investigated whether Ternera had issued the order for ETA to attack the quarters of the Civil Guard of Zaragoza in 1987, an attack in which eleven people died, among them five children.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : In June 1996, he was declared guilty of being in charge of the attack on the Plaza de la República Dominicana in Madrid in 1986, which killed twelve civil guards.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : On July 15, 1972, he attacked the Orbegozo factory in Hernani (Guipúzcoa), stealing approximately four million pesetas.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : In October 1996, Jose Rego maintained that "Josu Ternera" was the head of ETA in 1987, which led to Judge Gomez de Liaño reopening four cases against him.
Josu Urrutikoetxea : On 28 July 1972, Ternera was involved in the robbery of a van carrying foreign currency for the Bank of Biscay in the village of Pasajes (Guipúzcoa), seizing more 12,000,000 pesetas.
Bernard Kouchner : "I would not talk about any use of force", he said.
Bernard Kouchner : In early 2003, he pronounced himself in favour of removing Saddam Hussein as President of Iraq, arguing that interference against dictatorship should be a global priority, and continued to say that now, the focus should be on the actual people themselves, and that they are the only ones who could answer "yes" or "no" to war.
Bernard Kouchner : Kouchner worked as a physician for the Red Cross in Biafra in 1968 (during the Nigerian Civil War).
Bernard Kouchner : Kouchner is a longtime advocate of humanitarian intervention.
Bernard Kouchner : From 1988, Kouchner began his government career in Socialist governments, though he was not always a member of the French Socialist Party.
Bernard Kouchner : His experience as a physician for the Red Cross led him to co-found Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) in 1971, and then, due to a conflict of opinion with MSF chairman Claude Malhuret, he established "Doctors of the World" ('Médecins du Monde') in 1980.
Bernard Kouchner : Kouchner began his political career as a member of the French Communist Party (PCF), from which he was expelled in 1966 for attempting to overthrow the leadership.
Jacques Delors : Delors has a longstanding interest in education.
Jacques Delors : Delors became the President of the European Commission in January 1985.
Jacques Delors : Delors is the father of Socialist politician Martine Aubry.
Jacques Delors : He served as Minister of Finance of France from 1981 to 1984.
Jacques Delors : Jacques Lucien Jean Delors (born 20 July 1925) is a French politician who served as the 8th President of the European Commission from 1985 to 1995.
Jacques Delors : He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1979 to 1981.
Jacques Delors : In 1969, he became social affairs adviser to the Gaullist Prime Minister Jacques Chaban-Delmas, a move which was presented as part of Chaban's outreach to the centre-ground and first attracted media attention to Delors personally.
Jacques Delors : Initiator of a French law in 1971 (la formation professionnelle continue – FPC) requiring firms to set aside part of their profits for educational opportunities for their employees, he also chaired a UNESCO Commission on Education for the Twenty-first Century from 1993 to 1996 whose final report was published as "Learning: the Treasure Within".
Jacques Delors : Born in Paris in a family originating from Corrèze, Delors first held in the 1940s through the 1960s a series of posts in French banking and state planning with the Banque de France.
Jacques Delors : In 1974 Delors joined the French Socialist Party, with other left-wing Christians.
Julio Kaplan : Later in his life, he emigrated to the United States, where he resides to this day and works for Autodesk.
Julio Kaplan : Born in Argentina, he emigrated in 1964 to Puerto Rico, where he was raised and studied.
Julio Kaplan : Kaplan played for the Puerto Rico National Chess Team in four Chess Olympiads.
Julio Kaplan : He played for the Puerto Rico National Chess Team (1966, 1971) and for the USA (1976) in the World Student Team Chess Championships.
Julio Kaplan : Julio Argentino Kaplan Pera (born 25 July 1950, Argentina) is a Puerto Rican chess player, former world junior chess champion as well as software developer and founder of Heuristic Software.
Julio Kaplan : In 1967, he was the Puerto Rico National Chess Champion and, in addition, he won the World Junior Chess Championship in Jerusalem, followed by the well-known Raymond Keene, Jan Timman, Robert Hübner, among others.
Giorgos Karagounis : He made his first full international appearance against El Salvador in 1999 and went on to appear in qualifying for the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Giorgos Karagounis : Georgios "Giorgos" Karagounis (; born 6 March 1977) is a Greek former professional footballer.
Xabier Elorriaga : Xabier González Elorriaga (born April 1, 1944 in Maracaibo) is a Spanish film and TV actor, writer and director.
Xabier Elorriaga : His exiled parents returned to Bilbao in Spain, in 1969 where he commenced studying Law, Engineering and the Merchant Marine but soon switched to the theatre, becoming well known as an actor in the Bilbao of the 1970s.
Ernesto Valverde : Ernesto Valverde Tejedor (; born 9 February 1964) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player who was most recently the manager of La Liga club FC Barcelona.
Ernesto Valverde : On 29 May 2017, Valverde replaced Luis Enrique as the new Barcelona manager.
Ernesto Valverde : He also guided the side to another Copa del Rey Final, this time losing 2–1 to Valencia.
Yves Hézard : Yves Hézard (born 20 October 1948) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
Jordi Cruyff : During this period, many players left the club whilst several others were recruited.
Jordi Cruyff : He was a regular in the first team until the end of November 1996, when he suffered another knee injury.
Jordi Cruyff : The 2014-2015 season was characterized by a difficult start.
Jordi Cruyff : At the same time, he entered the fashion business, helping develop the Cruyff clothing brand.
Jordi Cruyff : An own goal in extra time saw Liverpool lift the cup.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi decided against extending his contract with Espanyol and voluntarily left that summer.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff is the son of former player and manager Johan Cruyff.
Jordi Cruyff : In April 2015, Jordi renewed his contract for a further two years despite interest from English Championship and Bundesliga sides.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff's contract expired on 30 June 2000.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi played mainly as an attacking midfielder, although he could also perform as a second striker.
Jordi Cruyff : There was also a change in club manager following Paulo Sousa's appointment at FC Basel.
Jordi Cruyff : The team continued its success in the league competition by claiming another league title by a margin of 16 points.
Jordi Cruyff : The team finished 5th that season in the domestic league.
Jordi Cruyff : He then trained with Bolton Wanderers, coached by Sam Allardyce, but failed a medical test.
Jordi Cruyff : He appointed Ton Caanen as head coach, and the pair worked to establish the team as a new football powerhouse in Cyprus.
Jordi Cruyff : The team finished the season as the league's highest scorers, with 78, whilst only conceding 30 - the fewest in the league.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff scored the goal that guaranteed Barcelona played in Europe the following season.
Jordi Cruyff : In August 1996, Cruyff signed with Manchester United for a fee of £1.4 million on a four-year contract.
Jordi Cruyff : Despite a positive start to the following campaign, Barcelona finished 3rd and were runners up in the Copa del Rey.
Jordi Cruyff : He earned nine caps for the Netherlands national football team, playing at UEFA Euro 1996, and he won the Premier League title in 1997 while at United.
Jordi Cruyff : He scored twice in eight games for the Spaniards before returning for United.
Jordi Cruyff : He was unsure which country to represent, and in 1996 he declined the possibility to join the Spanish team for the Olympic Games, opting instead to play for the Dutch national team in Euro '96.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi was approached by both countries, Spain and the Netherlands, when he was eligible to play for their Under-21 teams.
Jordi Cruyff : His most successful period was arguably with Deportivo Alavés, which he led to the 2001 UEFA Cup Final.
Jordi Cruyff : In his later years, notably with Metalurh Donetsk, he also played as a centre back.
Jordi Cruyff : After an initial agreement with Harry Redknapp's West Ham United fell through, Jordi returned to Spain on a free transfer to Alavés.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi Cruyff's arrival finally put an end to Maccabi Tel Aviv's bad fortunes in the league as they won their first championship in ten years.
Jordi Cruyff : In four years he had played a total of 57 games for United and scored eight goals.
Jordi Cruyff : The team won consecutive league titles from 2012–2015, as well as regularly qualifying for the Europa League and Champions League.
Jordi Cruyff : Valletta won the MFA Trophy in Cruyff's first season beating Qormi 2–1, although Cruyff did not play in the final as he was not fully fit.
Jordi Cruyff : On 8 August 2018, Cruyff was appointed as the manager of Chinese Super League side Chongqing Dangdai Lifan.
Jordi Cruyff : Under Cruyff's and Garcia's stewardship, Maccabi dominated the league and claimed the title by thirteen points ahead of their nearest rival.
Jordi Cruyff : Johan Jordi Cruijff (, anglicised to Cruyff; born 9 February 1974) is a Dutch football coach and former player.
Jordi Cruyff : As a footballer, he played from 1992 through to 2010, including periods with Barcelona and Manchester United.
Jordi Cruyff : He scored his first goal on 29 August 2009 in a 6–0 win against Floriana.
Jordi Cruyff : His first league appearance came on 21 August 2008, in a 3–1 win over Birkirkara.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff continued to play for Alavés until the club was relegated at the end of 2002–03.
Jordi Cruyff : That season, Barcelona finished 4th in La Liga and Jordi was one of the team's top scorers alongside Stoickhov and Koeman, despite not being a regular starter.
Jordi Cruyff : In his first season, the team finished 4th and the team qualified for the UEFA Europa League.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff then scored on his next two appearances, helping the team to 2–2 draws against Everton and Blackburn Rovers.
Jordi Cruyff : Maccabi Tel Aviv became the first Israeli team to win all three local trophies: the Israeli Premier League, the Israel State Cup and the Toto Cup.
Jordi Cruyff : The participation of the team in the Europa League 2011-12 was historic for both the club and for Cyprus football, as the club became the first Cypriot team to secure qualification to the Europa League (preceded by Anorthosis and APOEL in the group stages of the Champions League).
Jordi Cruyff : He also played for Celta Vigo, RCD Espanyol and finished his playing career with Valletta in the Maltese Premier League.
Jordi Cruyff : Operation Protective Edge meant that the qualifying games to the UEFA Champions League were held away from Israel, leading Maccabi to be ousted from both the Champions League and the Europa League.
Jordi Cruyff : Under his stewardship as Maccabi Tel Aviv's sporting director, the club became a dominant force in Israeli football.
Jordi Cruyff : On 19 May 1996, he played his last game for the club against Celta Vigo, at the Camp Nou.
Jordi Cruyff : Cruyff scored his only goal for the Netherlands during a 2–0 win against Switzerland at Villa Park on 13 June, and was one of 5 Dutch footballers to be selected for the Dutch national team while never having played in the Eredivisie.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi appointed Vitesse's Peter Bosz after Jokanovic signed as the new Fulham's head coach at the end of December.
Jordi Cruyff : His initial work included signing Óscar García Junyent, then head coach of FC Barcelona Juvenil A, as head coach of the club.
Jordi Cruyff : Two years later, Cruyff was promoted to the senior team during a pre-season tour in the Netherlands, where he scored hat-tricks against Groningen and De Graafschap.
Jordi Cruyff : The club also enjoyed success in the Europa League as they advanced to the round of 32 following a difficult group stage, where they beat Bordeaux (twice) and Eintracht Frankfurt before eventually exiting the competition following a loss to FC Basel.
Jordi Cruyff : In his second season, AEK Larnaca qualified for the groups stage of the Europa League after beating Rosenborg in the play-offs.
Jordi Cruyff : Jordi's spell at Manchester United was marked by injuries, but he played three games in the group stage of the Champions League the same season that the Red Devils claimed the title in 1999.
Jordi Cruyff : In 2010, Cruyff announced his retirement from professional football and joined AEK Larnaca as Director of Football on a three-year deal.
Jordi Cruyff : The team qualified for the UEFA Champions League group stages for the first time in 11 years, playing against Chelsea, Porto and Dynamo Kyiv in Group G before exiting the competition.
Jordi Cruyff : With the Basque club, he reached the 2001 UEFA Cup Final, against Liverpool: despite being 2–0 and then 3–1 down, Alavés embarked on a spirited comeback and Cruyff's goal in the 89th minute tied the game at 4–4.
Jordi Cruyff : In 1992, Cruyff made his debut for FC Barcelona B in the Segunda División, becoming the team's top scorer alongside Oscar Garcia Junyent.
Jordi Cruyff : He made his debut on 11 August in a 4-0 win over Newcastle United in the 1996 FA Charity Shield, and then played in a 3–0 win over Wimbledon, the opening league fixture of the 1996–97 FA Premier League.
Jordi Cruyff : After starting his career with Barcelona and playing for the Netherlands aged 22, Cruyff's career stalled while at Manchester United, as he appeared just 36 times in the league over four years largely because of injuries.
Jordi Cruyff : He made his debut on 26 July 2009, in a 3–0 win in the Europa League 2009–10 first qualifying round against Icelandic side Keflavík.
Jordi Cruyff : In the 2015-2016 season, Cruyff appointed Slavisa Jokanovic as head coach after the Serbian had promoted Watford to the Premier League.
Jordi Cruyff : Oscar Garcia briefly returned but left before the beginning of the season when Cruyff appointed Pako Ayestaran, former assistant to Rafa Benitez at Liverpool.
Jordi Cruyff : After he temporarily retired in 2004, Cruyff made a return to professional football in 2006, playing two seasons at the Ukrainian side Metalurh Donetsk, where he played mainly as a centre back.
Jordi Cruyff : In mid-2009, Cruyff signed a three-year deal as assistant-manager of Maltese side Valletta, assisting first team coach Ton Caanen, while also being a player in his first season.
Jordi Cruyff : On 2 November, he played against Manchester United in the Champions League, setting up the first goal for Hristo Stoichkov, as Barcelona won 4–0.
Viorel Moldovan : He was an important player for the Romanian national team in the 1990s.
Viorel Moldovan : Moldovan was capped 70 times for Romania, scoring 25 goals.
Viorel Moldovan : He was recently the manager of AJ Auxerre in the French Ligue 2.
Viorel Moldovan : The most successful years of his career were playing for Neuchâtel Xamax and Grasshoppers between 1996 and 1998 in Switzerland (he was the Swiss Super League top scorer in 1996 and 1997), for Fenerbahçe between 1998 and 2000 and for Nantes between 2000 and 2004.
Viorel Moldovan : Viorel Dinu Moldovan (born 8 July 1972) is a retired Romanian football forward and currently the manager of Chindia Târgoviște.
Axl Rose : As a result of the deaths at Monsters of Rock, the festival was canceled the following year.
Axl Rose : *@ Like a Suicide" on the Geffen imprint UZI Suicide.
Axl Rose : Guns.
Axl Rose : Guns.
Axl Rose : Rose then joined L.A.
Axl Rose : By the albums' release, however, Rose's relationships with his bandmates had become increasingly strained.
Axl Rose : Although the record received critical acclaim, it experienced a modest commercial start, selling as many as 500,000 copies in its first year of release.
Axl Rose : He is of paternal Scots-Irish and maternal German ancestry.
Axl Rose : The following December, they released the four-song EP "Live ?!
Axl Rose : and departed, following which some 2500 fans staged a riot, resulting in an estimated $200,000 in damages.
Axl Rose : A second baritone, Rose began developing "different voices" during chorus practice to confuse his teacher.
Axl Rose : In a subsequent interview, Rose questioned the diagnosis altogether, stating,
Axl Rose : He has two younger siblings—a sister, Amy, and a half-brother, Stuart.
Axl Rose : To date, "Appetite for Destruction" has sold over 30 million copies worldwide, 18 million of which sold in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the U.S.
Axl Rose : After being pulled back on stage, he announced, "Well, thanks to the lame-ass security, I'm going home!"
Axl Rose : In contrast to his public image, Rose was not a heavy drug user, though he did not disavow the use of illicit substances entirely.
Axl Rose : Rose had halted the show several times to calm the audience.
Axl Rose : Rose received much criticism for his late appearances at concerts, sometimes taking the stage hours after the band was scheduled to perform.
Axl Rose : They recorded a five-song demo in May 1983, which, after years of legal action, was released as an EP, "Ready to Rumble", in 2014.
Axl Rose : The band attracted the attention of several major record labels, before signing with Geffen Records in March 1986.
Axl Rose : The Bailey household was very religious; Rose and his family attended a Pentecostal church, where he was required to attend services three to eight times per week and even taught Sunday school.
Axl Rose : From then on, he became known for personally addressing disruptive fans and giving instructions to security personnel from the stage, at times stopping concerts to deal with issues in the crowd.
Axl Rose : Rose and Stradlin also smoked cigarettes for a scientific study at UCLA for the reported wages of $8 per hour ().
Axl Rose : With the success of "Appetite for Destruction" and "G N' R Lies", Rose found himself lauded as one of rock's most prominent frontmen.
Axl Rose : His mother remarried to Stephen L. Bailey, and changed her son's name to William Bruce Bailey.
Axl Rose : The line-up debuted at The Troubadour and proceeded to play the L.A. club circuit, eventually building a devoted fan following.
Axl Rose : MTV anchorman Kurt Loder described Rose as "maybe the finest hard rock singer currently on the scene, and certainly the most charismatic".
Axl Rose : Recording sessions initially proved unproductive due to Steven Adler's struggle with drug addiction, which made him unable to perform and caused sessions to abort for several days at a time.
Axl Rose : He never met his biological father as an adult; William Rose Sr. was murdered in Marion, Illinois, in 1984 by a criminal acquaintance who was convicted even though the body was never recovered.
Axl Rose : In January 1984, the band recorded a five-song demo featuring the tracks "Anything Goes", "Rocker", "Shadow of Your Love", and "Reckless Life", which was released in 2004 as "The Roots of Guns N' Roses".
Axl Rose : Keyboardist Dizzy Reed also joined the band that year at Rose's insistence.
Axl Rose : While struggling to make an impact on the Hollywood music scene, Rose held down a variety of jobs, including the position of night manager at the Tower Records location on Sunset Boulevard.
Axl Rose : Adler was fired the following July and replaced by Matt Sorum of The Cult.
Axl Rose : By the time he appeared solo on the cover of "Rolling Stone" in August 1989, his celebrity was such that the influential music magazine agreed to his absolute requirement that the interview and accompanying photographs would be provided by two of his friends, writer Del James and photographer Robert John.
Axl Rose : In 1985, he co-founded Guns N' Roses, with whom he had great success and recognition in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Axl Rose : In September 1991, with enough material completed for two albums, Guns N' Roses released "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II", which debuted at No.2 and No.1 respectively on the "Billboard" 200, a feat not achieved by any other group.
Axl Rose : In November 1988, Guns N' Roses released the stopgap album "G N' R Lies", which sold more than five million copies in the U.S. alone.
Axl Rose : In July 1991, 90 minutes into a concert at the Riverport Amphitheater near St. Louis, after on-stage requests from Rose for security personnel to confiscate a fan's video camera, Rose himself dived into the crowd to seize the contraband item.
Axl Rose : He blamed this attitude on "bad experiences" with gay men, citing an attempted rape in his late teens and the alleged molestation by his biological father.
Axl Rose : However, fueled by the band's relentless touring and the mainstream success of the single "Sweet Child o' Mine"—Rose's tribute to his then-girlfriend Erin Everly—the album rose to the No.1 position on the "Billboard" 200 in August 1988, and again in February 1989.
Axl Rose : Guitarist Slash and drummer Steven Adler, future members of Guns N' Roses, joined Hollywood Rose before the band's dissolution.
Axl Rose : Of his reasons for leaving, Stradlin said, "I didn't like the complications that became such a part of daily life in Guns N' Roses," citing the riot and Rose's chronic lateness as examples, as well as his new-found sobriety making it difficult to be around other bandmates' continued alcohol and substance abuse.
Axl Rose : During the band's performance at the Monsters of Rock festival in Castle Donington, England, in August 1988, two fans were crushed to death when many in the crowd of 107,000 began slam-dancing to "It's So Easy".
Axl Rose : In early 1990, Guns N' Roses returned to the studio to begin recording the full-length follow-up to "Appetite for Destruction".
Axl Rose : His childhood friend Izzy Stradlin abruptly left the group in November 1991; he was replaced by Gilby Clarke of Kill For Thrills.
Axl Rose : Rose was born William Bruce Rose Jr. in Lafayette, Indiana, the oldest child of Sharon Elizabeth (née Lintner), then 16 years old and still in high school, and William Bruce Rose, then 20 years old.
Axl Rose : In July 1987, Guns N' Roses released their debut album "Appetite for Destruction".
Axl Rose : Shortly after his arrival in Los Angeles, Rose met guitarist Kevin Lawrence outside The Troubadour in West Hollywood and joined his band Rapidfire.
Axl Rose : Guns bandmate Tracii Guns formed Guns N' Roses by merging their respective bands Hollywood Rose and L.A.
Axl Rose : W. Axl Rose (born William Bruce Rose Jr.; raised as William Bruce "Bill" Bailey; born February 6, 1962) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and musician.
Axl Rose : The band – and Rose in particular – were accused of promoting racist and homophobic attitudes with the song "One in a Million", in which Rose warns "niggers" to "get out of my way" and complains about "faggots" who "spread some fucking disease".
Axl Rose : After parting ways with Lawrence, he formed the band Hollywood Rose with his childhood friend Izzy Stradlin, who had moved to Los Angeles in 1980, and 16-year-old guitarist Chris Weber.
Axl Rose : On April 16, 2016, Australian hard rock band AC/DC announced that Rose would be joining them and performing as the lead singer for the remainder of the band's Rock or Bust World Tour, after long-time lead vocalist Brian Johnson had to stop touring due to hearing problems.
Axl Rose : By June, after several line-up changes, the band consisted of Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.
Gregor Schlierenzauer : Gregor Schlierenzauer (; born 7 January 1990) is an Austrian ski jumper.
Mato Neretljak : Mato Neretljak (born 3 June 1979, in Orašje) is a Croatian football manager and a former professional football player.
Mario Camus : Mario Camus García (Santander, 20 April 1935) is a Spanish screenwriter and film director.
Mario Camus : He won the Golden Bear at the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival with "La colmena".
Chris Cusiter : Christopher Peter Cusiter (born 13 June 1982) is a retired Scottish international rugby union player who played at scrum-half.
Chris Cusiter : Cusiter went on the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand making one appearance as a substitute.
Joe Satriani : in 2004.
Joe Satriani : An unspecified settlement was reached between the parties.
Joe Satriani : He is a 15-time Grammy Award nominee and has sold over 10 million albums, making him the best-selling instrumental rock guitarist of all time.
Joe Satriani : Soon after arriving in California, he resumed teaching.
Joe Satriani : In 1996, Satriani founded the G3, a concert tour intended to feature a trio of guitarists.
Joe Satriani : Satriani was born in Westbury, New York of Italian descent.
Joe Satriani : He appeared as himself in the film "Moneyball", playing "The Star-Spangled Banner".
Joe Satriani : He was credited with singing background vocals on the 1986 debut album by Crowded House.
Joe Satriani : He was inspired to play guitar at age 14, after hearing of the death of Jimi Hendrix.
Joe Satriani : "The Forgotten Part II" was featured on a Labatt Blue commercial in Canada in 1993.
Joe Satriani : Satriani released his 13th studio album, "Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards", on October 5, 2010.
Joe Satriani : "Cryin'", "Friends", and the title track were regional hits on radio.
Joe Satriani : The G3 tour has continued periodically since its inaugural version, with Satriani the only permanent member.
Joe Satriani : On May 7, 2013 Satriani released his 14th studio album, titled "Unstoppable Momentum".
Joe Satriani : In 2006, Satriani recorded and released "Super Colossal" and "Satriani Live!
Joe Satriani : The original lineup featured Satriani, Steve Vai, and Eric Johnson.
Joe Satriani : A book titled "Strange Beautiful Music: A Memoir" was also released to coincide with the release of the box set.
Joe Satriani : Joseph Satriani (born July 15, 1956) is an American musician, composer, songwriter, and guitar teacher.
Joe Satriani : "One Big Rush" featured on the soundtrack to the Cameron Crowe movie "Say Anything...".
Joe Satriani : He has starred in feature films, including 2006 Christopher Guest film "For Your Consideration" as the guitarist in the band that played for the late-night show.
Joe Satriani : Satriani regularly recorded and released evolving music, including "Strange Beautiful Music" in 2002 and "Is There Love in Space?"
Joe Satriani : In February 2015, the first dates were announced for the Shockwave World Tour, in support of Satriani's 15th studio album, slated for release in July.
Joe Satriani : In 1988 Satriani helped produce the EP "The Eyes of Horror" for the death metal band Possessed.
Joe Satriani : In May 2005, Satriani toured India for the first time, playing concerts in Delhi, Kolkata, and Mumbai.
Joe Satriani : He was invited to join the Greg Kihn Band, who were on the downside of their career, but whose generosity helped Satriani pay off the overwhelming credit-card debt from recording his first album "Not of This Earth" released in 1986.
Joe Satriani : In 1992, Satriani released "The Extremist", his most commercially successful album to date.
Joe Satriani : Two shows at the Fillmore West in San Francisco were recorded in December 2000 and released as "Live in San Francisco", a two-disc live album and DVD.
Joe Satriani : Satriani has mastered many performance techniques on electric guitar, including legato, two-handed tapping and arpeggio tapping, volume swells, harmonics and extreme whammy bar effects.
Joe Satriani : A career retrospective box set titled "", which contains remastered editions of every studio album from "Not of This Earth" to "Unstoppable Momentum", was released on April 22, 2014.
Joe Satriani : In May 2010, Satriani announced he was about to enter the studio to record a solo album, and dates were released for an autumn tour.
Joe Satriani : It was said to be inspired by the death of his father, who died in 1989 during the recording of the album.
Joe Satriani : In 2003, he played lead guitar on The Yardbirds's release "Birdland".
Joe Satriani : Satriani's next album "Professor Satchafunkilus and the Musterion of Rock", was released on April 1, 2008.
Joe Satriani : In 1978, Satriani moved to Berkeley, California, to pursue a music career.
Joe Satriani : In late 1993, Satriani joined Deep Purple as a temporary replacement for departed guitarist Ritchie Blackmore during the band's Japanese tour.
Joe Satriani : In 2006, he made appearances on tracks for Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan's solo CD/DVD dual disc "Gillan's Inn".
Joe Satriani : He composed much of the soundtrack for the racing video game "" while "Crowd Chant" was featured in "NHL 2K10" and "Madden NFL 11".
Joe Satriani : On Dream Theater's 2007 album "Systematic Chaos", Satriani contributed spoken lyrics to the song "Repentance".
Joe Satriani : Satriani is credited on many other albums, including guitar duties on shock rocker Alice Cooper's 1991 album "Hey Stoopid", Spinal Tap's 1992 album "Break Like the Wind", Blue Öyster Cult's 1988 album "Imaginos", and band members Stu Hamm and Gregg Bissonette's solo albums.
Joe Satriani : In 1974, Satriani studied music with jazz guitarist Billy Bauer and with reclusive jazz pianist Lennie Tristano.
Joe Satriani : In August 2014, Satriani participated in the G4 Experience—a week-long guitar camp—with fellow guitarists Paul Gilbert and Andy Timmons, and keyboardist Mike Keneally.
Joe Satriani : His students included Steve Vai, Kirk Hammett of Metallica, David Bryson of Counting Crows, Kevin Cadogan from Third Eye Blind, Larry LaLonde of Primus and Possessed, Alex Skolnick of Testament, Rick Hunolt (ex-Exodus), Phil Kettner of Lȧȧz Rockit, Geoff Tyson of T-Ride, Charlie Hunter and David Turin.
Joe Satriani : Other guitarists who have performed in G3 include among others: Yngwie Malmsteen, John Petrucci, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Robert Fripp, Andy Timmons, Uli Jon Roth, Michael Schenker, Adrian Legg, Paul Gilbert, Steve Morse, and Steve Lukather.
Ivano Balić : In 2013 Balić signed for German club HSG Wetzlar.
Ivano Balić : Balić began his handball career with RK Brodomerkur Split who competed in the top tier Croatian First A League.
Ivano Balić : Ivano Balić (born 1 April 1979) is a former Croatian professional handballer, World and Olympic champion.
John Cho : His father was a minister in the Church of Christ and was originally from North Korea.
John Cho : Cho married actress Kerri Higuchi in 2006 and has a son, born in 2008, and a daughter, born in 2013.
John Cho : John Cho (born Cho Yo Han; June 16, 1972) is a Korean American actor known for his roles as Harold Lee in the "Harold & Kumar" films and Hikaru Sulu in the "Star Trek" reboot film series.
John Cho : Cho was born in Seoul, South Korea and moved to the United States in 1978 as a young boy.
John Cho : He then attended the University of California, Berkeley, graduating in 1996 with a BA degree in English, and taught English at Pacific Hills School in West Hollywood, California while working at East West Players's theater in downtown Los Angeles.
Mark Haddon : Mark Haddon (born 28 October 1962) is an English novelist, best known for "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" (2003).
Mark Haddon : He also won the Commonwealth Writers Prize in the Best First Book category, as "The Curious Incident" was considered his first written for adults; yet he also won the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, a once-in-a-lifetime award judged by a panel of children's writers.
Mark Haddon : He was educated at Uppingham School and Merton College, Oxford, where he studied English.
Larry Niven : Earth?"
Larry Niven : Niven was born in Los Angeles.
Larry Niven : Much of his writing since the 1970s has been in collaboration, particularly with Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes, but also Brenda Cooper and Edward M. Lerner.
Larry Niven : He briefly attended the California Institute of Technology and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in mathematics (with a minor in psychology) from Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas in 1962.
Larry Niven : "Netrunner" paid a similar homage to Larry Niven with the card "Nevinyrral".
Larry Niven : Laurence van Cott Niven (; born April 30, 1938) is an American science fiction writer.
Larry Niven : In this story, the coldest place concerned is the dark side of Mercury, which at the time the story was written was thought to be tidally locked with the Sun (it was found to rotate in a 2:3 resonance after Niven received payment for the story, but before it was published).
Larry Niven : Many of Niven's stories—sometimes called the Tales of Known Space—take place in his Known Space universe, in which humanity shares the several habitable star systems nearest to the Sun with over a dozen alien species, including the aggressive feline Kzinti and the very intelligent but cowardly Pierson's Puppeteers, which are frequently central characters.
Larry Niven : He won the same award in 1972, for "Inconstant Moon", and in 1975 for "The Hole Man".
Julián Gorospe : Julián Gorospe Artabe (born 22 March 1960 in Mañaria) is a Spanish former professional road racing cyclist.
Kyle Bartley : Bartley feared losing his place in the team and asked to leave.
Kyle Bartley : The next day, he rejoined Rangers on loan for the season.
Kyle Bartley : Bartley has represented England at under-16 and under-17 levels.
Kyle Bartley : He captained Arsenal reserves and was also part of the team that won both the Premier Academy League and the FA Youth Cup in 2009.
Kyle Bartley : On 3 August 2011, Bartley signed a new contract with Arsenal.
Kyle Bartley : After a month out, he returned and was ever-present until the January transfer window, when the "Blades" signed Neill Collins.
Kyle Bartley : He scored an own goal in the 84th minute, as Arsenal lost the competition to the New York Red Bulls.
Kyle Bartley : He played regularly during his time at Bramall Lane and returned to Arsenal at the end of the campaign having played 14 times.
Kyle Bartley : Kyle Louis Bartley (born 22 May 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central defender for EFL Championship club West Bromwich Albion.
Kyle Bartley : Bartley signed a three-month loan deal with Sheffield United in February 2010 to act as defensive cover.
Kyle Bartley : In late September, Bartley suffered a broken cheekbone in a clash with Nottingham Forest striker Dele Adebola.
Kyle Bartley : Bartley kept his place in the side, and he scored his first senior goal in a 1–0 victory over St Mirren on 6 March 2011.
Kyle Bartley : Bartley was a 74th-minute substitute for Laurent Koscielny in the final round of the Emirates Cup, a pre-season friendly competition.
Kyle Bartley : He played youth football for Fletcher Moss Rangers before joining Bolton Wanderers, and signed for Arsenal on 31 July 2007.
Pedro Pires : On October 20–22, 1980, he visited Paris.
Pedro Pires : He opposed apartheid in South Africa and opposed foreign intervention in Africa.
Pedro Pires : He attended the Second PAIGC Congress in 1973.
Pedro Pires : He visited that city again in 1989 and met with French Prime Minister Michel Rocard on 11 May 1989.
Pedro Pires : He is married to Adélcia Barreto Pires and has two children, Sara and Indira.
Pedro Pires : Before independence, he returned to Praia, Cape Verde on a Portuguese military ship on October 13, 1974.
Pedro Pires : Later, he studied at Liceu Gil Eanes and Escola Jorge Barbosa in Mindelo during the 1950s and later abroad at the University of Lisbon in Portugal at the Faculty of Sciences.
Pedro Pires : The PAICV lost the multiparty parliamentary and presidential elections held in early 1991 and was left in opposition.
Pedro Pires : He fled to Conakry in 1962, then Ghana and afterwards headed to Algeria; he was trained in Cuba, the Soviet Union and Guinea-Bissau.
Pedro Pires : Pedro de Verona Rodrigues Pires (; born 29 April 1934) was the President of Cape Verde from March 2001 to September 2011.
Pedro Pires : After the ruling PAICV decided to institute multiparty democracy in February 1990, Pires replaced President Aristides Pereira as General Secretary of PAICV in August 1990.
Pedro Pires : Pires was born in a small village on Fogo, Cape Verde to Luís Rodrigues Pires and wife Maria Fidalga Lopes.
Pádraig Flynn : Pádraig Flynn (born 9 May 1939) is an Irish former politician who was a member of Fianna Fáil until 2012.
Pádraig Flynn : Ten years later, at the 1977 general election, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil TD for the Mayo West constituency.
Ibrahim Maalouf : He presented his compositions for the first time in 1999.
Ibrahim Maalouf : It was the beginning of a long and fruitful series of encounters.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Between 1999 and 2003, Maalouf earned awards in fifteen competitions throughout the world.
Ibrahim Maalouf : This subject has been explored in the documentary "Souffle!"
Ibrahim Maalouf : Maalouf gets a lot of his inspiration from his culture of origin.
Ibrahim Maalouf : His compositions began to reflect a more contemporary style.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Maalouf has composed music since he was very young.
Ibrahim Maalouf : A concert recording by this group was broadcast on several music channels between 2004 and 2005.
Ibrahim Maalouf : (Blow), directed by Christophe Trahand and produced by Cocottes Minutes between 2005 and 2006.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Maurice André advised him to give up science and pursue music instead.
Ibrahim Maalouf : This documentary was broadcast by TV5 MONDE and is available on DVD in the collection Docnet Films.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Perrier helped him to form the band with whom he gave a concert on February 12, 2006 at the Paris New Morning Jazz Club.
Ibrahim Maalouf : In 2004, his encounter with Lhasa de Sela opened the doors of electronic music to him.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Christophe Trahand followed Ibrahim for several months in pursuit of the key to his inspiration and to explore his relationship with his native country and the distance that separates him from it.
Ibrahim Maalouf : After leaving his home country as a child during the Lebanese Civil War, he grew up in Paris with his sister Layla.
Ibrahim Maalouf : As a teenager Maalouf accompanied his father in a duo throughout Europe and the Middle East, playing a baroque repertoire by Tomaso Giovanni Albinoni, Henry Purcell, and Antonio Vivaldi.
Ibrahim Maalouf : In 2006, he met Alejandra Norambuena Skira (from the SACEM's Action Fund), who introduced him to Jean-Louis Perrier.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Maalouf encountered on stage Elvis Costello, Sylvia Schwartz, and Sting, who played the lead role.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Maalouf passed an open competition at the CNR de Paris (regional Conservatory) and joined the class of Gérard Boulanger for a two-year training course.
Ibrahim Maalouf : In 2000, Maalouf met producer Marc-Antoine Moreau, who introduced him to the cellist Vincent Segal.
Ibrahim Maalouf : These include first prize in the Hungarian International Trumpet Competition in Pilisvörösvár in May 2002, first prize in the National Trumpet Competition (Washington D.C.) in 2001, and second prize (ex aequo) in the Maurice André International Competition in Paris in 2003.
Ibrahim Maalouf : From 2006 to 2013, Maalouf was a trumpet instructor at the CNR of Aubervilliers, La Courneuve in France,
Ibrahim Maalouf : His father invented the microtonal trumpet or "quarter tone trumpet", which makes it possible to play Arabic maqams on the trumpet.
Ibrahim Maalouf : In July 2010, he was given the Instrumental Revelation of the Year at the French Jazz Music Awards (Victoires du Jazz).
Ibrahim Maalouf : In November 2008, Maalouf played in the opera "Welcome to the Voice" at the Chatelet Theatre in Paris composed by Steve Nieve and directed by Muriel Teodori.
Ibrahim Maalouf : He studied there until the age of 17 and earned a degree in General Science and Specialized Mathematics from the Lycée Geoffroy-Saint-Hilaire in Étampes (Essonne).
Ibrahim Maalouf : He has worked with Sting, Salif Keita, Amadou & Mariam, Lhasa de Sela, Marcel Khalife, Vanessa Paradis, Juliette Greco, and Archie Shepp.
Ibrahim Maalouf : He learned classical, baroque, modern, and contemporary repertoires, as well as classical Arabic music and improvisation.
Ibrahim Maalouf : His collaboration with pop and rock singers made him discover other musical styles apart from jazz, classical, and Arabic music.
Ibrahim Maalouf : His music and his trumpet playing are inspired by his Arabic culture, but the instruments around him (bass, electric guitar, drums, Arabic percussion, vibraphone) and the musicians with whom he performs give a rock, electronic, and jazz funk flavor to his music.
Ibrahim Maalouf : After that, he passed another open competition and joined the Conservatoire de Paris in Antoine Curé's class for a three-year training course.
Ibrahim Maalouf : Ibrahim Maalouf (, ; born 5 December 1980 in Beirut) is a French-Lebanese jazz trumpeter and composer.
Ibrahim Maalouf : His first group Farah had an Oriental jazz flavor because he was accompanied by a saxophone, a ney (Middle-Eastern end-blown flute), a transverse flute, a piano, a double bass, a guitar, a buzuq (a long-necked fretted lute related to the Greek bouzouki) and Arabic percussion.
Ibrahim Maalouf : His uncle is the writer Amin Maalouf and his grandfather was the journalist, poet, and musicologist Rushdi Maalouf.
James Harden : Standing at 6 feet 5 inches tall (1.96 m) in shoes and weighing 220 pounds (100 kg), Harden plays mostly at the shooting guard position.
James Harden : He went on to become the first player in team history to score at least 20 points in each of the team's first 20 games of a season.
James Harden : In 2012, he was named NBA Sixth Man of the Year with the Thunder and helped the team reach the NBA Finals, where they lost to the Miami Heat in five games.
James Harden : Harden was a candidate for the 2016 Olympics, but he withdrew from the team.
James Harden : James Edward Harden Jr. (born August 26, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
James Harden : Harden finished his sophomore campaign with averages of 20.1 points, 5.6 rebounds, and 4.2 assists.
James Harden : Harden was a member of the United States national team that won a gold medal at the 2012 Olympics, and was also a member of the team that won the FIBA Basketball World Cup in 2014.
James Harden : After failing to agree on a contract extension with the Thunder, Harden was traded to the Houston Rockets on October 27, 2012, along with Daequan Cook, Cole Aldrich and Lazar Hayward, in exchange for Kevin Martin, Jeremy Lamb, two first round picks (which became Steven Adams in 2013 and Mitch McGary in 2014), and a second round pick (which became Álex Abrines in 2013).
James Harden : He was named to the 2009 All-Pac 10 Tournament Team following Arizona State's defeat by USC at the Staples Center.
James Harden : Two days later, he scored 45 points against the Atlanta Hawks.
James Harden : He played college basketball for Arizona State, where he was named a consensus All-American and Pac-10 Player of the Year in 2009.
James Harden : Harden was selected with the third overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft by the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Hage Geingob : He was sworn in as president on 21 March 2015; the ceremony was attended by 15 regional Heads of State and Government.
Hage Geingob : Between 2008 and 2012 Geingob served as Minister of Trade and Industry.
Hage Geingob : He served in this capacity for 12 years.
Hage Geingob : He then left the Global Coalition for Africa and returned to Namibia to participate in the November 2004 parliamentary election, in which he won a seat.
Hage Geingob : To carry out this assignment, he returned to Namibia with many of his colleagues on 18 June 1989, after 27 years' absence from the country.
Hage Geingob : At the same time, he continued to be a member of both the Central Committee and the Politburo of SWAPO.
Hage Geingob : In 1964 Geingob left for the United States to study at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was granted a scholarship.
Hage Geingob : In 1960, he was expelled from Augustineum for having participated in a march in protest at the poor quality of education.
Hage Geingob : Under Geingob's chairmanship, the Constituent Assembly unanimously adopted the Namibian Constitution on 9 February 1990.
Hage Geingob : In 1964, he was appointed SWAPO Representative at the United Nations and to the Americas.
Hage Geingob : He served in this position until 1971.
Hage Geingob : He and his colleagues were not always successful, but ultimately the United Nations General Assembly recognised SWAPO as the sole and authentic representative of the people of Namibia.
Hage Geingob : Subsequently, he obtained a BA degree from Fordham University in New York City in 1970 and an MA degree in International Relations from the Graduate Faculty of The New School, New York in 1974.
Hage Geingob : In a cabinet reshuffle on August 27, 2002, Geingob was replaced as Prime Minister by Theo-Ben Gurirab and appointed Minister of Regional and Local Government and Housing, but declined to accept this lesser position.
Hage Geingob : In November 2019 Geingob was reelected with 56.3% of the vote.
Hage Geingob : At the congress, he was accordingly elected without opposition on November 29, 2007 and appointed Minister of Trade and Industry on April 8, 2008.
Hage Geingob : On 21 November 1989, subsequent to the elections, he was elected chairman of the Constituent Assembly, which was responsible for formulating the Namibian Constitution.
Hage Geingob : In 2003 Geingob was invited to be Executive Secretary of the Global Coalition for Africa based in Washington, D.C.
Hage Geingob : Hage Gottfried Geingob (born 3 August 1941) is the third and current president of Namibia, in office since 21 March 2015.
Hage Geingob : In 1989, he was elected by the Politburo of SWAPO to spearhead SWAPO's election campaign in Namibia.
Hage Geingob : As SWAPO's Director of Elections, Geingob, along with other members of his directorate, established SWAPO election centres throughout the country and spearheaded an election campaign that brought SWAPO to power in Namibia.
Hage Geingob : Geingob became the party Chief Whip of SWAPO in the National Assembly on April 18, 2007.
Hage Geingob : In 1972 Geingob was appointed to the United Nations Secretariat as political affairs officer, a position he held until 1975, when he was appointed director of the United Nations Institute for Namibia.
Hage Geingob : On 21 March 1990, Geingob was sworn in as the first Prime Minister of the Republic of Namibia, and on 21 March 1995, he was sworn in for a second term.
João Moutinho : A full Portugal international at the age of 18, Moutinho made his debut on 17 August 2005 in a 2–0 home friendly win against Egypt in Ponta Delgada.
João Moutinho : Mainly a central midfielder, he can also operate as a defensive or attacking midfielder and on either flank.
João Moutinho : João Filipe Iria Santos Moutinho (; born 8 September 1986) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers and the Portugal national team.
João Moutinho : On 24 May 2013, it was announced that Moutinho had joined AS Monaco FC alongside teammate James Rodríguez for a combined fee believed to be around €70 million (€25 million for Moutinho).
João Moutinho : On 14 May 2019, Wolverhampton fans voted Moutinho as Player of the Season.
Bartabas : In 2002, he founded the Académie du Spectacle Équestre (Academy of Equestrian Arts) in the Grande Ecurie of the Palace of Versailles.
Bartabas : He created his first theater company at age seventeen, and later founded the performing troupe, Cirque Aligre.
Bartabas : Bartabas (born Clément Marty, 2 June 1957) is the performing name of a French horse trainer, film producer and impresario.
Rubén Baraja : On 8 November 2016, Baraja took the reins at fellow league team Rayo Vallecano.
Rubén Baraja : Baraja made his debut for Spain on 7 October 2000, in the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification 2–0 win over Israel.
Rubén Baraja : In June 2011, Baraja returned to former team Atlético Madrid as part of newly appointed manager Gregorio Manzano's coaching staff.
Rubén Baraja : Rubén Baraja Vegas (; born 11 July 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer, and the manager of CD Tenerife.
Sergio Rubini : In 1987 he appeared in Federico Fellini's "Intervista".
Sergio Rubini : In 1994 he co-wrote Giuseppe Tornatore's "Una pura formalità".
Sergio Rubini : In 2000 Rubini was directed again by Salvatores in "Denti".
Sergio Rubini : In 2004, he appeared as Saint Dismas in Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ".
Sergio Rubini : The film won a Silver Ribbon and a David di Donatello as best debut work.
Sergio Rubini : After some roles in theater, he debuted in a feature film with "Figlio mio infinitamente caro" (1985), which was followed by "Desiderando Giulia" and "Il caso Moro".
Sergio Rubini : Sergio Rubini (born 21 December 1959) is an Italian actor and film director.
Sergio Rubini : Rubini was born in Grumo Appula, Apulia, but soon moved to Rome to study acting.
Sergio Rubini : In 1989 Rubini debuted also as director with "La stazione", written with his friend Umberto Marino.
Sergio Rubini : In 1994 he was again actor in Carlo Verdone's "Al lupo al lupo", and the following year he directed himself and Nastassja Kinski in "La bionda".
Carlos Alberto Sánchez : Carlos Alberto Sánchez (born 24 April 1963) is an Argentine prelate of the Catholic Church.
Kevin James : He has also appeared as a musical guest on "Just for Laughs".
Kevin James : On June 19, 2004, James married actress Steffiana de la Cruz in California.
Kevin James : James was listed at #89 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 Greatest Stand-Up Comedians.
Kevin James : These appearances led to the development of his own sitcom, "The King of Queens", which ran on the same network from September 21, 1998, to May 14, 2007.
Kevin James : James later moved to Los Angeles and befriended Ray Romano, and later guest-starred on a few episodes of Romano's hit CBS sitcom, "Everybody Loves Raymond".
Kevin James : For his work on the , James was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series in 2006.
Kevin James : James has also done his stand-up routine on "Just for Laughs", an annual comedy festival in Montreal, Quebec.
Kevin James : He gained popularity through numerous appearances on various talk shows, including "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Late Show with David Letterman", "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "Dennis Miller Live", "The Late Late Show", "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee".
Kevin James : After a cameo in "50 First Dates" in 2004, James made his starring film debut in the 2005 romantic comedy "Hitch", alongside Will Smith and Eva Mendes.
Kevin James : In 2001, James did his own stand-up special called "Kevin James: Sweat the Small Stuff."
Kevin James : James co-starred with Adam Sandler in the comedies "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry" (2007), "You Don't Mess with the Zohan" (2008), and "" (2009).
Kevin James : In 2006, he co-starred with his "Everybody Loves Raymond" colleague Ray Romano in the straight-to-video comedy "Grilled", and provided voice work in the animated films "Monster House" and "Barnyard".
Ryan Harrison : Ryan Harrison (born May 7, 1992) is an American professional tennis player.
Ryan Harrison : 1000, he was only the tenth player in the history of the ATP Tour to have won a match before turning 16.
Ryan Harrison : Harrison is notable for being the third-youngest player since 1990, after Richard Gasquet and Rafael Nadal, to have won an ATP level match, defeating world no.
Mikel Herzog : For a short time he was the drummer for the band Cadillac, and later became a member of La Década Prodigiosa.
Mikel Herzog : Herzog was a member of various groups in the 1980s, including his own band Ébano.
Mikel Herzog : He released several solo singles in the 1990s, and "Hasta el final del mundo", a duet with Mónica Naranjo.
Mikel Herzog : In 1998, Herzog was chosen by broadcaster Televisión Española as the Spanish representative for the 43rd Eurovision Song Contest with the song "¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?"
Mikel Herzog : Mikel Herzog Herzog (born 16 April 1960 in Bergara, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain) is a Basque singer-songwriter known for his participation in the 1998 Eurovision Song Contest.
Mikel Herzog : Herzog was the post-academy director, responsible for ongoing coaching of eliminated contestants, some of whom would provide backing vocals for the ultimate winner of the show.
Dave Gibbons : Published by Vertigo, the work is set in the near future, but draws heavily on the imagery of the Mods and Rockers of the 1960s.
Dave Gibbons : In 2005, he drew covers for "JSA", as well as producing the complete original graphic novel "The Originals", a black and white graphic novel which he scripted and drew.
Dave Gibbons : David Chester Gibbons (born 14 April 1949) is an English comics artist, writer and sometimes letterer.
Dave Gibbons : Gibbons entered the British comics industry by working on horror and action titles for both DC Thomson and IPC.
Dave Gibbons : Gibbons' artwork in "Watchmen" is notable both for its stark utilisation of the formulaic comicbook nine-panel grid layout, as well as for its intense narrative and symbolic density with some symbolic background elements suggested by Moore, others by Gibbons.
Pavel Buráň : Pavel Buran (born 25 April 1973) is a professional track cyclist from the Czech Republic.
Viktor Kassai : On 5 July, it was announced that he would be in charge for the Germany vs Spain semifinal.
Viktor Kassai : Viktor Kassai ("Kassai Viktor", : ; born 10 September 1975) is a Hungarian football official and a former referee.
Viktor Kassai : Kassai refereed in UEFA Euro 2008 as the fourth official in several matches.
Viktor Kassai : Kassai was preselected as a referee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Viktor Kassai : 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada, where he refereed the group stage match between Brazil and South Korea, as well as the Argentina-North Korea match.
Mikel Dañobeitia : Mikel Dañobeitia Martín (born 5 March 1986 in Barakaldo, Basque Country) is a Spanish footballer who plays mainly as a forward.
Mikel Dañobeitia : An Athletic Bilbao youth graduate, Dañobeitia served some loans (including at its farm team, CD Basconia), before being promoted to the main squad for the 2005–06 season.
Jean Daniel : Jean Daniel, (born Jean Daniel Bensaid) (born 21 July 1920) is a French journalist and author.
Jean Daniel : The 1964 incarnation of the magazine was when Jean Daniel and Claude Perdriel took over renaming the magazine and starting its best known phase under the name "Le Nouvel Observateur" as a weekly.
Jean Daniel : In "La prison juive: Humeurs et méditations d'un témoin" ("The Jewish Prison"), Daniel argues that prosperous, assimilated Jews in the west live in a self-imposed prison made of up of three invisible walls: the idea of the Chosen People, Holocaust remembrance, and support for Israel.
Diego Luna : The organization received the prestigious Washington Office on Latin America's Human Rights Award in 2011.
Diego Luna : His mother, Fiona Alexander, was a British costume designer of Scottish and English descent.
Diego Luna : In January 2015, Luna narrated a video about the obstacles faced by children migrating from their home countries and seeking refuge in the US.
Diego Luna : Luna and García Bernal co-founded Ambulante A.C., an organization and film festival working to bring documentary films to recommended places.
Diego Luna : He also appeared in "Open Range" (2003), "Havana Nights: Dirty Dancing 2" (2004) (a Cuban-based sequel to 'Dirty Dancing'), "Criminal" (2004), "Only God Knows" (2006), "Fade to Black" (2006), "Mister Lonely" (2007), "Rudo y Cursi" (2008), "Just Walking" (2008), "Milk" (2008), and "Elysium" (2013).
Diego Luna : Diego Luna Alexander (; born December 29, 1979) is a Mexican actor, director, and producer.
Maxime Verhagen : Maxime Jacques Marcel Verhagen (; born 14 September 1956) is a retired Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party and historian.
Maxime Verhagen : On 11 July 2002 he became CDA parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives.
Maxime Verhagen : The Following cabinet formation of 2010 resulted in a coalition agreement between the Christian Democratic Appeal and the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) with Confidence and supply from the Party for Freedom (PVV) which formed the Cabinet Rutte I with Verhagen appointed as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economic Affairs, Agriculture and Innovation, taking office on 14 October 2010.
Chris Birchall : Christopher Birchall CM (born 5 May 1984) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Chris Birchall : He is eligible for that country because his mother was born in Port of Spain.
Miguel Reina : Atlético Madrid
Miguel Reina : His debut came on 15 October 1969 in a 6–0 win against Finland for the 1970 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, played at La Línea de la Concepción.
Miguel Reina : Miguel Reina Santos (born 21 January 1946) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Miguel Reina : In the 1970–71 season, Reina was only played by English coach Vic Buckingham away from the Camp Nou, as the player was consistently booed by his own fans after a poor performance against FC Dynamo Moscow.
Lance Thomas : On September 27, 2019, Thomas signed with the Brooklyn Nets, but was waived on October 18.
Lance Thomas : Prior to the start of the 2017–18 season, Thomas was named co-captain of the Knicks alongside Courtney Lee.
Lance Thomas : Lance Thomas (born April 24, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Lance Thomas : On January 5, 2015, Thomas was traded to the New York Knicks in a three-team, six-player trade that also involved the Thunder and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Pedro Almodóvar : This was helpful to films of explicit nature, like "Tie Me Up!
Pedro Almodóvar : Carmen Maura stars in "What Have I Done to Deserve This?
Pedro Almodóvar : In January 2017 he was named as President of the Jury for the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.
Pedro Almodóvar : In 1997, Almodóvar received the French Legion of Honour, followed by the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts by the Spanish Ministry of Culture in 1999.
Pedro Almodóvar : He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and received an honorary doctoral degree in 2009 from Harvard University in addition to an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Oxford in 2016 for his contribution to the arts.
Pedro Almodóvar : Pedro Almodóvar Caballero (; born 25 September 1949) is a Spanish filmmaker, director, screenwriter, producer, and former actor.
Jorge Azanza : Jorge Azanza Soto (born 16 June 1982 in Alsasua, Navarre) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
Landon Donovan : He was named U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year in 2003.
Landon Donovan : His mother raised Landon and his siblings in Redlands, California, and he attended Redlands East Valley High School when not engaged in soccer activities elsewhere.
Landon Donovan : He scored six goals in five matches.
Landon Donovan : He holds numerous individual records in Major League Soccer (MLS) and for the United States national team and is regarded as one of the greatest U.S. men's soccer players of all time.
Landon Donovan : During this period, he played in 13 matches in all competitions, scored two goals and was named the club's Player of the Month for January.
Landon Donovan : An agreement was reached in December 2011 for Donovan to spend another two months at Everton beginning in January 2012.
Landon Donovan : His goals in South Africa made Donovan the highest scoring American male in World Cup history, and just the third American man to score in more than one World Cup, after Brian McBride and Clint Dempsey.
Landon Donovan : Donovan was born (along with twin sister Tristan) on March 4, 1982, in Ontario, California, to Donna Kenney-Cash, an American special education teacher, and Tim Donovan, a semi-professional ice hockey player originally from Canada.
Landon Donovan : On January 24, 2019, Donovan signed with the San Diego Sockers in the Major Arena Soccer League.
Landon Donovan : Later in 1999, Donovan signed a six-year contract for German Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen, whose sporting director Michael Reschke spotted him at a youth tournament in Europe.
Ole Ritter : Ole Ritter (born 29 August 1941) is a former Danish racing cyclist, mainly known for breaking the hour record in 1968.
Ole Ritter : He rode the individual road race and finished in 74th place, and was part of the Danish team in the team time trial that finished seventh.
Mauro Baldi : In 1991 and 1992 he was a driver for Peugeot.
Mauro Baldi : Mauro Baldi (born 31 January 1954 in Reggio Emilia) is an Italian former Formula One driver who raced for the Arrows, Alfa Romeo and Spirit teams.
Mauro Baldi : He had a brief return to F1, doing most of the test driving for the Modena Lambo project.
Mauro Baldi : By 1980 he had become a top Formula 3 driver, winning the Monaco F3 Grand Prix and the 1981 European Formula 3 Championship with eight victories.
Mauro Baldi : After retiring from Formula One he went to enjoy a successful career in sports car racing, driving for the works Martini-Lancia team in 1984 and 1985.
Mauro Baldi : Baldi started his career in rallying in 1972 and turned to circuit racing in 1975 with the Italian Renault 5 Cup.
Mauro Baldi : When Benetton became Alfa Romeo's team sponsor in 1984, Baldi lost his drive, and joined the underfunded Spirit team until 1985.
Mauro Baldi : In 1986, he switched to a Porsche 956 from Richard Lloyd Racing's outfit, returning to a works drive in 1988 with the Sauber-Mercedes team, with whom Baldi won the 1990 FIA World Sports Prototype Championship for Drivers, sharing the car with Jean-Louis Schlesser.
Mauro Baldi : In 1982 he signed to drive for Arrows before moving to Alfa Romeo in 1983, scoring a fifth place in Zandvoort.
Mauro Baldi : Returning to sports cars, he won the Le Mans 24 Hours race in 1994, sharing the "road-going" Dauer 962 Le Mans (a modified Porsche 962) with Yannick Dalmas and Hurley Haywood.
Patricio Hernández : He did not manage to play any game in that tournament, though.
Patricio Hernández : He was transferred to Italian team Torino F.C.
Patricio Hernández : He soon earned a reputation as a skillful attacking midfielder, with a very precise shot.
Patricio Hernández : After the disappointment of going to, but not playing in, the world Cup, Hernández played for 2 seasons with Torino before moving to fellow Italian side Ascoli.
Patricio Hernández : Patricio Hernández (born 16 August 1956) is an Argentine football coach and former player.
Patricio Hernández : This record fee allowed Estudiantes to build an excellent roster, who won championships in 1982 and 1983.
Patricio Hernández : In 1987, he moved to Argentinos Juniors.
Patricio Hernández : Hernández is also a respected football commentator with Argentine sports network Torneos y Competencias where he does in-depth tactical analysis, usually assisted with video clips and props.
Patricio Hernández : In 1989 Hernández moved to Mexico to play for Cruz Azul but he returned to Argentinos Juniors in 1990, he then had a season with Huracán in 1991-1992 and another with Instituto where he retired from playing in 1993.
Patricio Hernández : In February 2007, Hernández was hired as coach of Club Atlético Banfield from the Argentine premiership, but he was fired March 16, 2007 after a home defeat to Estudiantes.
Patricio Hernández : He was part of the team that won the Copa Libertadores in 1986.
Patricio Hernández : Hernández started his career in 1974 at Estudiantes de La Plata, a club that he would later manage.
Patricio Hernández : In 1985 Hernández returned to Argentina to play for River Plate.
Patricio Hernández : His niece and Juan Martín's older sister María de la Paz Hernández is an Argentine international in field hockey.
Patricio Hernández : Argentina coach César Menotti included Hernández in the 1982 FIFA World Cup squad as his third choice for creative midfielder, behind Diego Maradona and José Daniel Valencia.
Jaume Duch Guillot : He is married with three children and lives in Brussels.
Jaume Duch Guillot : He holds a Master in law from the University of Barcelona.
Jaume Duch Guillot : That same year he received the "Best Spokesperson Award", awarded by the Catalan Journalists' Association.
Jaume Duch Guillot : Since June 2014 he is a member of the Advisory Board of Jean Monnet Fondation, based in Lausanne (Switzerland).
Jaume Duch Guillot : Duch Guillot speaks Spanish, Catalan, English, French and Italian.
Jaume Duch Guillot : Since February 2017 he is also the Director-General for Communication at the European Parliament.
Jaume Duch Guillot : In December 2016 he was awarded by Aquí Europa, a Spanish publication specializing in information on the European Union, in the category of "Distinguished Spanish personality in communication that has promoted the European project".
Jaume Duch Guillot : As the spokesperson of the European Parliament Duch Guillot responds to media inquiries, namely by the accredited Brussels based correspondents, on matters relating to the European Parliament as an institution.
Jaume Duch Guillot : He has published various articles on matters related to the EU and communication.
Jaume Duch Guillot : Before becoming spokesperson and director, Duch Guillot was head of the Media Directorate (2006–2017), the press room unit (1999–2006) and press adviser with the private office of the then President of the European Parliament José Maria Gil-Robles (1997–1999).
Jaume Duch Guillot : In this capacity he regularly chairs press briefings on the activities of Parliament's plenary meetings and supports the Parliament's President in his relations with the media at different occasions.
Jaume Duch Guillot : In July 2006 he held the post of Media Director and spokesman for the European Parliament, firstly on an interim basis and since July 2008 as a permanent position.
Jaume Duch Guillot : Jaume Duch Guillot, born 4 February 1962 in Barcelona, Spain, is the spokesperson of the European Parliament and the Director-General of Communication of the institution, a position he assumed in February 2017 after more than a decade as the Media Director.
Jaume Duch Guillot : He is in charge of the Media Directorate – which includes the press service, the online communication unit, audiovisual services and the online television 'EuroparlTV'-, the Citizens' Relations Directorate and the information offices of the European Parliament in the Member States.
Pierre-Henri Raphanel : Pierre-Henri Raphanel (born 27 May 1961 in Algiers, Algeria) is a French former racing driver.
Pierre-Henri Raphanel : He participated in 17 Formula One Grands Prix for Larrousse, Coloni and Rial, debuting on 13 November 1988.
Ernesto Sanz : Sanz married Cristina Bessone, and the couple had two children.
Ernesto Sanz : He enrolled at the National University of the Littoral, and earned a law degree in 1981.
Ernesto Sanz : Cobos, supported by Gerardo Morales and Deputy Ricardo Alfonsin, obtained 114 votes, while the position held by those who supported Sanz reached 186 votes.
Ernesto Sanz : Macri won the presidential elections afterwards.
Ernesto Sanz : Sanz was born in San Rafael, Mendoza.
Ernesto Sanz : He joined the Senate Budget and Domestic Economic Policy committees, and later the Constitutional, Investment, Argentina-Chile relations, and Federal Budget Sharing committees, among others.
Ernesto Sanz : Ernesto Sanz (born 9 December 1956) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician.
Ernesto Sanz : At the radical convention on March 14, 2015 in Gualeguaychú (Entre Ríos), Sanz and Cobos presented their proposals: Cobos proposed a front of center-left parties, while Ernesto Sanz proposed that the Radical Civic Union lead a broad coalition opposing Kirchnerism for the presidential elections of October 25, which includes the ARI Civic Coalition led by Elisa Carrió and the Republican Proposal (PRO) of Macri.
Jeff Van Gundy : This is the largest fine handed down to a coach in NBA history.
Jeff Van Gundy : In May 2005, Van Gundy was fined $100,000 by the NBA, for accusing referees of targeting Houston Rockets center Yao Ming.
Jeff Van Gundy : In a 2001 game between the Spurs and Knicks, Danny Ferry elbowed Marcus Camby.
Jeff Van Gundy : In his second season with the Friars, he was promoted to assistant coach under Gordon Chiesa.
Jeff Van Gundy : He spent the next six-and-a-half seasons providing support to Knicks head coaches Stu Jackson (1989–1990), John MacLeod (1990–1991), Pat Riley (1991–1995) and Don Nelson (1995–1996).
Jeff Van Gundy : Van Gundy created a memorable scene in the 1998 NBA Playoffs series between the New York Knicks and the Miami Heat.
Jeff Van Gundy : The following year, he became a graduate assistant under head coach Rick Pitino, at Providence College, helping the Providence Friars advance to the Final Four.
Jeff Van Gundy : During his tenure as an assistant coach, the Knicks won three Atlantic Division titles, never finished lower than third in the division, and qualified for the playoffs every year.
Jeff Van Gundy : The next season, Van Gundy became an assistant coach under Bob Wenzel, at Rutgers.
Jeff Van Gundy : (113 kg) power forward Larry Johnson, engaged in a bench-clearing brawl, Van Gundy unsuccessfully tried to break the fight up.
Jeff Van Gundy : While talking to the referee, Camby lost control and tried to punch Ferry.
Jeff Van Gundy : The Knicks advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals in 1993, and the NBA Finals versus the Houston Rockets in 1994.
Jeff Van Gundy : Jeffrey William Van Gundy (born January 19, 1962) is an American basketball coach and commentator for ESPN.
Jeff Van Gundy : Following his firing from the Houston Rockets in 2007, Van Gundy was a guest analyst for ESPN's broadcast of the Phoenix Suns-San Antonio Spurs game in San Antonio, Texas, and he has since been a regular broadcast member for ESPN.
Jeff Van Gundy : Van Gundy attended Yale University, where he was a classmate with Jodie Foster, before transferring to Menlo College, and ultimately graduating from New York's Nazareth College, in 1985.
Jeff Van Gundy : Van Gundy began his basketball coaching career during the 1985–86 season, at McQuaid Jesuit High School, in Rochester, New York.
Shepard Fairey : Arts.
Shepard Fairey : The letter stated:
Shepard Fairey : His work is included in the collections at The Smithsonian, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C., the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond, and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
Shepard Fairey : Artists Mark Vallen, Lincoln Cushing, Josh MacPhee, and Favianna Rodriguez have documented that Fairey has appropriated work by Koloman Moser, Ralph Chaplin, Pirkle Jones, Rupert Garcia, Rene Mederos, Félix Beltrán, and Gary Grimshaw, among others.
Shepard Fairey : Frank Shepard Fairey (born February 15, 1970) is an American contemporary street artist, graphic designer, activist, illustrator, and founder of OBEY Clothing who emerged from the skateboarding scene.
Pascal Fabre : Pascal Fabre (born 9 January 1960 in Lyon) is a former racing driver from France.
Pascal Fabre : He participated in 14 Formula One Grands Prix with the uncompetitive AGS team, debuting on 12 April 1987.
Pascal Fabre : He later raced for Courage Compétition from 1988 to 1990 in the World Sportscar Championship and made short-term appearances for various other sports car teams throughout the 1990s.
Dave Finlay : roster.
Dave Finlay : In England, he wrestled for various companies under the Joint Promotions banner.
Dave Finlay : He managed to regain use of the limb and came back later in the year, but by that point, all momentum he had from the Junkyard Invitational win was lost.
Dave Finlay : Lynch went on to win the match.
Dave Finlay : Both men were later "knighted" by the King, and Finlay briefly used the name "Sir Finlay".
Dave Finlay : As he was wrestling Brian Knobbs, he was thrown into a table in the corner of the ring, causing it to shatter and the shards to cut into his leg.
Dave Finlay : The two sides had been negotiating since WrestleMania XXVIII, but there were situations that delayed the deal being finalised.
Dave Finlay : The feud intensified further when the two faced on opposite teams at Survivor Series.
Dave Finlay : In 1990 he became a champion at the top of the weight range when he won All Star's British Heavyweight Championship.
Dave Finlay : Prior to the event, Smash had announced that it would cease its operations on 14 March, which led to Finlay vacating the Smash Championship after the title defence.
Dave Finlay : He was traded to the SmackDown brand on 29 June 2009.
Dave Finlay : On 24 June at ROH's iPPV, Finlay was defeated by Michael Elgin.
Dave Finlay : At No Mercy, Finlay faked an injury after taking a bump to the outside.
Dave Finlay : Finlay often competed on ITV's "World of Sport" programme as David "Fit" Finlay and had many matches against "The American Dream" Steve Adonis.
Dave Finlay : His final match in WCW was at a German house show in November 2000, losing to Norman Smiley in a hardcore match.
Dave Finlay : During this time, Finlay also began to wrestle in Japan, then in Germany and Austria for the European promotion Catch Wrestling Association.
Dave Finlay : Following a stint in the independent circuit and a year after the house show incident, Finlay returned on 11 July 2012 as a backstage producer.
Dave Finlay : He began wrestling on a full-time basis in Carrickfergus and throughout Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland for the next four years before moving to England in 1978.
Dave Finlay : He legitimately suffered a badly lacerated nerve in his leg during a hardcore match at a house show in Jackson, Mississippi on 25 July 1999, which nearly cost him use of the leg.
Dave Finlay : He traded it back and forth with Jones for over two years before losing it a final time to Jones via disqualification.
Dave Finlay : During this time, Finlay began to wield a shillelagh as a weapon.
Dave Finlay : He has held over 20 championships around the world throughout his career, including the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship.
Dave Finlay : Kane beat him at SummerSlam.
Dave Finlay : against Matt Hardy, which ended in a disqualification loss for Finlay.
Dave Finlay : He was eliminated from the tournament in the first round by PWG World Champion Kevin Steen.
Dave Finlay : David Finlay Jr. (born 31 January 1958) is a Northern Irish professional wrestling trainer, producer and retired professional wrestler.
Dave Finlay : He then won a tournament to crown a new British Light Heavyweight champion and fill the vacant position, defeating Ringo Rigby in the finals.
Dave Finlay : Finlay next entered the King of the Ring tournament on "SmackDown!
Dave Finlay : Two days later, Finlay defeated Zeus in the main event of another WNC event.
Dave Finlay : ", Finlay was joined by Hornswoggle, who came out from under the ring to attack Finlay's opponents.
Dave Finlay : In 2000, Finlay formed a trio of "Hardcore Soldiers" with Knobbs and The Dog.
Dave Finlay : After the match, Finlay dragged Hardy to the steel ring steps and smashed Hardy's face into them with his boot, quickly establishing himself as a villain.
Dave Finlay : At No Way Out, he and Little Bastard defeated The Boogeyman and The Little Boogeyman.
Dave Finlay : Finlay debuted in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1995 as the Belfast Bruiser, a nickname he had previously used while in the UK.
Dave Finlay : The feud led to a matchup at Halloween Havoc, where Finlay was pinned by Wright.
Dave Finlay : Finlay then joined forces with William Regal as loyal subjects of the newly renamed King Booker and his Court.
Dave Finlay : On 19 February, Finlay made his first successful defence of the Smash Championship, defeating TAJIRI.
Dave Finlay : At Armageddon, Finlay and King Booker faced Batista and his partner, the WWE Champion John Cena from Raw, but were defeated.
Dave Finlay : On 20 August 2011, Finlay made his debut for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, taking part in the 2011 Battle of Los Angeles tournament.
Dave Finlay : He then entered a feud with Alex Wright, who was angry at Finlay for having ended the wrestling career of his father, Steve Wright.
Dave Finlay : Finlay returned to WNC on 20 September, when he defeated Ray Mendoza, Jr. in the main event at Korakuen Hall.
Dave Finlay : They feuded with Vampiro; the feud included a match between Finlay and Vampiro at Uncensored, which marked Finlay's last appearance on a WCW pay-per-view.
Dave Finlay : After losing the British championship to Dave Taylor, Finlay began to focus more on the CWA, winning many of their championships.
Dave Finlay : He began to wrestle again on the independent circuit, making his first appearance on 26 July 2011, defeating Sami Callihan at Evolve 9.
Dave Finlay : Finlay helped the other finalist, Booker T, defeat Lashley in the King of the Ring finals.
Dave Finlay : ", defeating his first round opponent Chris Benoit before being beaten by his rival Lashley, who advanced to the finals at Judgment Day.
Dave Finlay : On 12 May 2012, at Border Wars, Finlay made his debut for Ring of Honor (ROH), unsuccessfully challenging Roderick Strong for the ROH World Television Championship.
Dave Finlay : Finlay then feuded with Rey Mysterio by attacking him during a confrontational interview with John "Bradshaw" Layfield.
Dave Finlay : Finlay soon lost the championship, but later pinned Marty Jones to win the World Mid-Heavyweight Championship.
Dave Finlay : At the age of 47, Finlay made his first televised WWE match on the edition of 20 January 2006 of "SmackDown!"
Dave Finlay : He feuded with Lord Steven Regal in 1996, including a parking lot brawl on "Monday Nitro".
Dave Finlay : Shortly after the Royal Rumble, Finlay began a feud with The Boogeyman.
Dave Finlay : On 24 May, Finlay made his debut for Wrestling New Classic (WNC), the follow-up promotion to Smash, defeating Akira in the main event.
Dave Finlay : After the title loss, Finlay continued to attack and wrestle threats to court leader Booker and his newly won World Heavyweight Championship, including Lashley and Batista.
Dave Finlay : During February and March 2006, Finlay was involved in a feud with Bobby Lashley which began when Finlay cost Lashley his unbeaten streak by interfering in Lashley's match with JBL at No Way Out.
Dave Finlay : After leaving the court, Finlay continued to feud with Batista.
Dave Finlay : At the 2019 Royal Rumble, Finlay gave Becky Lynch the go-ahead to take the place of Lana in the women's Royal Rumble match after the latter was unable to compete following an attack by Nia Jax on the entrance way, which worsened her kayfabe ankle injury.
Dave Finlay : Finlay defeated Alan Kilby on 9 June 1982 to win his first title, the Joint Promotions British Heavy Middleweight Championship.
Dave Finlay : He, along with Matt Hardy, Chavo Guerrero, The Miz and ECW Champion Mark Henry participated in the first ever Championship Scramble match at Unforgiven which Matt Hardy won.
Dave Finlay : While holding the British Heavyweight championship, he teamed with former rival Jones to win the CWA tag title from Tony St. Clair and Mile Zrno.
Dave Finlay : Beginning on 26 May episode of "SmackDown!
Jack Huston : On 16 December 2010, it was announced Huston would be made a series regular after appearing in five episodes of the first season.
Jack Huston : Jack Alexander Huston (born 7 December 1982) is an English actor.
Jack Huston : He appeared in HBO's "Boardwalk Empire" as Richard Harrow, a severely disfigured World War I marksman turned gangster.
Jack Huston : Jack's maternal grandfather's mother, Sybil Sassoon, Marchioness of Cholmondeley, was from a Jewish family (from Iraq, India, and Germany); through Sybil, Jack is descended from both David Sassoon, the Treasurer of Baghdad, and Mayer Amschel Rothschild, who founded the Rothschild family international banking dynasty.
Jack Huston : Huston was born in King's Lynn, Norfolk, the son of Lady Margot Lavinia (née Cholmondeley) and actor, writer, and assistant director Walter Anthony Huston, known as Tony Huston.
Jack Huston : His paternal aunt is actress Anjelica Huston, and his paternal uncle is actor Danny Huston.
Vitali Kutuzov : Vitali Vladimirovich Kutuzov (, born 20 March 1980) is a retired Belarusian football striker.
Daiki Takamatsu : He played 2 games for Japan until 2007.
Jorge López Montaña : López's younger brother, Iñigo, was also a footballer.
Jorge López Montaña : Jorge López Montaña (; born 19 September 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Eduard Fernández : Eduard Fernández Serrano (born 24 August 1964, in Barcelona) is a Spanish actor.
Per Olov Enquist : Per Olov Enquist, better known as P. O. Enquist, (born 23 September 1934) is a Swedish author.
Per Olov Enquist : Subsequent awards have included the Selma Lagerlöf Prize in 1977, the Dobloug Prize in 1988, and the Italian the Flaiano Prize in 2002.
Per Olov Enquist : After gaining a degree in the history of literature at Uppsala University Enquist worked as a newspaper columnist and TV debate moderator from 1965 to 1976.
David Pocock : He has publicly expressed his views on these issues and has taken part in the action.
David Pocock : He won the John Eales Medal in 2010 – the highest honour in Australian Rugby.
David Pocock : Pocock is concerned about climate change and the damage to the environment from human activities.
David Pocock : He was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School in Brisbane.
David Pocock : As a credit to his improving performance in the game Pocock replaced longstanding Wallaby openside flanker George Smith, late in the 2009 Tri-Nations.
David Pocock : In 2005, he played in the school's undefeated premiership-winning 1st XV alongside future Australia teammate Quade Cooper.
David Pocock : Most notably, he visited the Leard Blockade against the expansion of the Maules Creek mine in the Leard State Forest and was arrested for taking part in a nonviolent protest.
David Pocock : In between Western Force's UK tour and the Wallabies 2008 Spring Tour he climbed Mt Kilimanjaro with one of his friends, Morgan Clarke.
David Pocock : At the conclusion of the 2012 Super Rugby season, he left the Western Force to join the ACT Brumbies.
David Pocock : Pocock is also one of the most visible campaigners in professional sports in Australia against homophobia, actively taking a stand both on and off the field.
David Pocock : At the end of 2010, he and his partner Emma Palandri held a commitment ceremony before family and friends in Perth; they had pledged to refuse to enter into marriage until it was opened to same-sex couples in Australia.
David Pocock : Pocock took over the Wallabies captaincy during the 2012 midseason test series when regular captain James Horwill was injured.
David Pocock : That same year, he was selected to play in the Australian Schoolboys team.
David Pocock : His family migrated to Brisbane, Australia in 2002.
David Pocock : Pocock played for the Force, where he made his debut in 2006 against the Sharks in Durban.
David Pocock : On 15 January 2015, Pocock and teammate Nic White were appointed vice-captains of the Brumbies for the 2015 Super Rugby season.
David Pocock : David Pocock (born 23 April 1988) is an Australian rugby union player.
David Pocock : Pocock made appearances for Australian Schoolboys and Australia A in the 2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup, earning man of the match multiple times in the tournament.
Martin McDonagh : A writer in a non-specified totalitarian state is interrogated over the content of several of his Brothers Grimm-style short stories.
Martin McDonagh : The finale of the Aran Islands trilogy.
Martin McDonagh : In 2006, McDonagh won an Academy Award for his short film "Six Shooter" (2004), which is his first film that he wrote and directed.
Martin McDonagh : Released in the US in 2008, the film features Colin Farrell, Ralph Fiennes and Brendan Gleeson.
Martin McDonagh : The first is set in Leenane, a small village on the west coast of Ireland, and consists of "The Beauty Queen of Leenane" (1996), "A Skull in Connemara" (1997) and "The Lonesome West" (1997).
Martin McDonagh : Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Christopher Walken, and Tom Waits star in the film.
Martin McDonagh : "A Behanding in Spokane" is McDonagh's first play that is set in the United States and it premiered on Broadway in March 2010.
Martin McDonagh : Martin Faranan McDonagh (; born 26 March 1970) is an Irish-British playwright, screenwriter, producer, and director.
Martin McDonagh : His second trilogy is set across the Aran Islands, off the coast of County Galway, and consists of "The Cripple of Inishmaan" (1996), "The Lieutenant of Inishmore" (2001) and "The Banshees of Inisheer".
Martin McDonagh : The play was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play in 2004 and received a 2005 Tony Award nomination for Best Play.
Thomas Bickel : Thomas Bickel (born 6 October 1963 in Aarberg) is a retired Swiss football midfielder.
Paavo Järvi : His siblings, Kristjan Järvi and Maarika Järvi, are also musicians.
Paavo Järvi : Paavo Järvi (; born 30 December 1962) is an Estonian conductor.
Paavo Järvi : Järvi studied privately with Leonid Grin in Philadelphia, at the Curtis Institute of Music with Max Rudolf and Otto-Werner Mueller, and at the Los Angeles Philharmonic Institute with Leonard Bernstein.
Paavo Järvi : Since 2004, he has been the Artistic Director of the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie, Bremen and an Artistic Advisor to the Estonian National Symphony Orchestra.
Jordi Bolòs : He has published several historical atlases of the Carolingian counties of Besalú, Empúries-Peralada, Girona, Osona, Manresa, Urgell and Roussillon, Conflent, Vallespir and Fenouillèdes.
Jordi Bolòs : Jordi Bolòs i Masclans (Barcelona, 1955) is Professor of Medieval History at the University of Lleida.
Jordi Bolòs : Editor of the publication "Territori i societat a l’edat mitjana".
Courtney B. Vance : He attended Detroit Country Day School and later graduated from Harvard University with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Calvin Smith : Calvin Smith (born January 8, 1961) is a former sprint track and field athlete from the United States.
Calvin Smith : Though Smith was one of the best sprinters in the world in the 1980s, he was a quiet and unassuming character and ran in the shadow of the more charismatic Carl Lewis.
Calvin Smith : August 1983 also saw Smith become the first athlete to run under 10 seconds (9.97) for the 100 m and under 20 seconds (19.99) for the 200 meters in the same evening in Zurich, Switzerland.
Calvin Smith : Smith set the 100 metre world record on July 3, 1983 at the U.S. Olympic Festival at Colorado Springs, with a run of 9.93 seconds.
Kim Jung-woo : He represented South Korea in the 2007 Asian Cup.
Kim Jung-woo : Kim Jung-woo (, born 9 May 1982), is a South Korean football player.
Nuno Espírito Santo : On 21 June 2010, Porto announced Nuno's contract would not be renewed.
Nuno Espírito Santo : Nuno Herlander Simões Espírito Santo (; born 25 January 1974), known simply as Nuno as a player, is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and head coach of Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Nuno Espírito Santo : José Mourinho's FC Porto paid €3 million to bring Nuno back to the country in July 2002, as part of the deal that saw Jorge Andrade join Deportivo.
Nuno Espírito Santo : On 31 May 2017, Espírito Santo was named as the new head coach of English Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers, signing a three-year deal.
Martín Astudillo : Martín Mauricio Astudillo (born 10 July 1977) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and a current manager.
Martín Astudillo : In 1997, he was signed by Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy of the Primera División, and two years later moved to Deportivo Alavés in Spain.
Takeshi Obata : In addition to his manga work, Obata has also done character design work for the video game "Castlevania Judgment", as well as illustrating several light novels.
Takeshi Obata : It became his biggest hit to date, with 30 million copies in circulation, an anime adaptation, five live-action films, two live-action TV drama and a musical.
Takeshi Obata : He then created "Hikaru no Go" with Yumi Hotta, which received the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1999 and the Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2003.
Takeshi Obata : He originally became noticed in 1985 when he took a prize in the Tezuka Award for his one shot "500 Kōnen no Shinwa".
Gilberto Gil : Nothing experimental at all.
Gilberto Gil : That is dangerous."
Gilberto Gil : Chapter 3.
Gilberto Gil : In 1990, Gil left the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party and joined the Green Party.
Gilberto Gil : He is an agnostic.
Gilberto Gil : He was heavily influenced by and involved with the city's rock scene as well, performing with Yes, Pink Floyd, and the Incredible String Band.
Gilberto Gil : He moved to São Paulo in 1965 and had a hit single when his song "Louvação" (which later appeared on the album of the same name) was released by Elis Regina.
Gilberto Gil : Gil describes "Tropicália: ou Panis et Circenses" as the birth of the tropicália movement.
Gilberto Gil : His father, José Gil Moreira, was a doctor; his mother, Claudina Passos Gil Moreira, an elementary school teacher.
Gilberto Gil : "Masters of Contemporary Brazilian Song: MPB 1965–1985".
Gilberto Gil : Perrone, Charles A.
Gilberto Gil : Gil's musical style incorporates an eclectic range of influences, including rock, Brazilian genres including samba, African music, and reggae.
Gilberto Gil : From 2003 to 2008, he served as Brazil's Minister of Culture in the administration of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Gilberto Gil : In 2013, Gilberto Gil plays his own role as a singer and promoter of cultural diversity in a long feature documentary shot around the southern hemisphere by Swiss filmmaker Pierre-Yves Borgeaud, "Viramundo: a musical journey with Gilberto Gil", distributed worldwide.
Gilberto Gil : Gilberto Passos Gil Moreira (born 26 June 1942), known professionally as Gilberto Gil (), is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter, known for both his musical innovation and political activism.
Gilberto Gil : When President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva took office in January 2003, he chose Gil as Brazil's new Minister of Culture, the second black person to serve in the country's cabinet.
Josep Navarro Santaeulàlia : His first publication was a poetry book, "Memòries de la carn" ("Memories of the flesh").
Josep Navarro Santaeulàlia : The author has been awarded with the Prize for Essays Crítica Serra d'Or 1991, with the Novel Award Crítica Serra d'Or 2000 and the Premi Columna 2002, also for a novel, among others.
Josep Navarro Santaeulàlia : J. N. Santaeulàlia, Josep Navarro Santaeulàlia (Banyoles, Girona; 1955) is a Catalan writer and poet.
Lluís Sastre : Sastre's older brother, Rafel (ten years his senior), was also a footballer.
Lluís Sastre : Lluís Sastre Reus (born 26 March 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca FC as a defensive midfielder.
Adi Shamir : It later emerged that differential cryptanalysis was already known — and kept a secret — by both IBM and the National Security Agency (NSA).
Adi Shamir : Adi Shamir (; born July 6, 1952) is an Israeli cryptographer.
Adi Shamir : Together with Eli Biham, he discovered differential cryptanalysis in the late 1980s, a general method for attacking block ciphers.
Adi Shamir : He is a co-inventor of the Rivest–Shamir–Adleman (RSA) algorithm (along with Ron Rivest and Len Adleman), a co-inventor of the Feige–Fiat–Shamir identification scheme (along with Uriel Feige and Amos Fiat), one of the inventors of differential cryptanalysis and has made numerous contributions to the fields of cryptography and computer science.
Adi Shamir : Shamir has also made contributions to computer science outside of cryptography, such as finding the first linear time algorithm for 2-satisfiability and showing the equivalence of the complexity classes PSPACE and IP.
Adi Shamir : After a year as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Warwick, he did research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from 1977–1980 before returning to be a member of the faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science at the Weizmann Institute.
Adi Shamir : Born in Tel Aviv, Shamir received a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree in mathematics from Tel Aviv University in 1973 and obtained his Master of Science (MSc) and Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degrees in Computer Science from the Weizmann Institute in 1975 and 1977 respectively.
Jürgen Klopp : More left than middle.
Jürgen Klopp : I'm not privately insured.
Jürgen Klopp : I believe in the welfare state.
Jürgen Klopp : If there's something I will never do in my life it is vote for the right".
Jürgen Klopp : I would never vote for a party because they promised to lower the top tax rate.
Jürgen Klopp : I was not even class".
Jürgen Klopp : My political understanding is this: if I am doing well, I want others to do well, too.
Jürgen Klopp : He was world-class.
Jürgen Klopp : She has a son, Dennis, from a previous marriage.
Jürgen Klopp : Klopp has been married twice.
Jürgen Klopp : They met at a pub during an Oktoberfest celebration that same year.
Jürgen Klopp : Politically, Klopp considers himself left-wing, stating: "I'm on the left, of course.
Jürgen Klopp : He spent most of his professional career in Mainz, from 1990 to 2001, with his attitude and commitment making him a fan-favourite.
Jürgen Klopp : In 2005, Klopp was a regular expert commentator on the German television network ZDF, analysing the Germany national team.
Jürgen Klopp : However, Liverpool went on to lose in the final 3–1 to Real Madrid.
Jürgen Klopp : On 5 December 2005, Klopp married social worker and children's writer Ulla Sandrock.
Jürgen Klopp : Jürgen Norbert Klopp (; born 16 June 1967) is a German professional football manager and former player who is the manager of club Liverpool.
Jürgen Klopp : Klopp is a Protestant Christian who has referred to his faith in public, citing the importance of his beliefs in a media interview.
Jürgen Klopp : As a young boy, Klopp aspired to become a doctor, but he did not believe he "was ever smart enough for a medical career", saying "when they were handing out our A-Level certificates, my headmaster said to me, 'I hope it works out with football, otherwise it’s not looking too good for you'".
Jürgen Klopp : Klopp confessed that as a player he felt more suited to a managerial role, describing himself saying "I had fourth-division feet and a first-division head".
Jürgen Klopp : He retired as Mainz 05's record goal scorer, registering 56 goals in total, including 52 league goals.
Jürgen Klopp : However, unable to achieve promotion the next year, Klopp resigned at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Jürgen Klopp : In an interview for "The Guardian" in April 2018, Klopp expressed his opposition to Brexit.
Jürgen Klopp : While playing as an amateur footballer, Klopp worked a number of part-time jobs including working at a local video rental store and loading heavy items onto lorries.
Jürgen Klopp : During the 2010 World Cup, Klopp worked with RTL alongside Günther Jauch, for which Klopp again won the award for the same category.
Jürgen Klopp : Recalling his trial at Eintracht Frankfurt where he played alongside Andreas Möller, Klopp described how his 19-year-old self thought, "if that’s football, I’m playing a completely different game.
Jürgen Klopp : That same year, Klopp obtained a diploma in sports science at the Goethe University of Frankfurt (MSc equivalent), writing his thesis about walking.
Jürgen Klopp : In the summer of 1990, Klopp was signed by Mainz 05.
Jürgen Klopp : Introduced to football through his father, Klopp was a supporter of VfB Stuttgart in his youth.
Jürgen Klopp : Originally a striker, Klopp began playing as a defender in 1995.
Jürgen Klopp : He started playing for local club SV Glatten and later TuS Ergenzingen as a junior player, with the next stint at 1.
Jürgen Klopp : In 1988, while attending the Goethe University of Frankfurt, as well as playing for Eintracht Frankfurt non-professionals, Klopp managed the Frankfurt D-Juniors.
Jürgen Klopp : As a player, Klopp closely followed his manager's methods on the training field as well as making weekly trips to Cologne to study under Erich Rutemöller to obtain his Football Coaching Licence.
Jürgen Klopp : Dortmund started the 2014–15 season by winning the German Super Cup.
Jürgen Klopp : Despite having interest from German champions Bayern Munich, Klopp eventually signed a two-year contract at the club, which had finished in a disappointing 13th place under previous manager Thomas Doll.
Jürgen Klopp : FC Pforzheim and then at three Frankfurt clubs, Eintracht Frankfurt II, Viktoria Sindlingen and Rot-Weiss Frankfurt during his adolescence.
Jürgen Klopp : He was previously wedded to Sabine and they have a son, Marc (born 1988), who has played for a number of German clubs including FSV Frankfurt under-19s, KSV Klein-Karben, SV Darmstadt 98, Borussia Dortmund II and the Kreisliga side VfL Kemminghausen 1925.
Jürgen Klopp : Born in Stuttgart, the state capital of Baden-Württemberg, to Norbert Klopp, a travelling salesman and a former goalkeeper, Klopp grew up in the countryside in the Black Forest village of Glatten near Freudenstadt with two older sisters.
Vicente Luis Mora : He received several prizes for his literary works.
Vicente Luis Mora : He is included in many poetry and narrative anthologies.
Vicente Luis Mora : In 2007 he was appointed director of the Instituto Cervantes in Albuquerque (New Mexico, US).
Vicente Luis Mora : Vicente Luis Mora (Córdoba, 1970) is a Spanish writer, poet, essayist and literary critic.
Ricardo Lagos : The tension between both governments had dissipated during July 2004.
Ricardo Lagos : This committee was set up to process proposals for the renovation of the social democratic thought for the 21st century.
Ricardo Lagos : During the implementation of policies imposed by the International Monetary Fund his mission was to advise all the governments in the South American continent on the matter of employment.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos then looked directly into the camera and accusingly raised his index finger to say directly to all viewers:
Ricardo Lagos : On December 11, 1989, the day of the elections, he obtained the district's second majority.
Ricardo Lagos : He also assumed co-chairmanship of the Inter-American Dialogue's Board of Directors.
Ricardo Lagos : In addition, he was a delegate to the UN's 3rd Conference of Commerce and Development (United Nations Conference on Trade and Development).
Ricardo Lagos : In 1999, Lagos resigned as minister in order to begin his presidential campaign.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1983, he decided to leave his position as international civil employee in the United Nations.
Ricardo Lagos : Nevertheless, he did not win a seat because his alliance's list did not double the vote of the second most voted list; this being a requisite in the Chilean electoral system created by Pinochet.
Ricardo Lagos : This situation was linked with the power crisis taking place in Argentina, an important supplier of natural gas to Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : As a public servant he also served Chile as a United Nations delegate with rank of ambassador at the 26th United Nations General Assembly.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1969, he met Luisa Durán and they married in 1971.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1975, he worked as a consultant for the United Nations Development Programme.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1961, Lagos married Carmen Weber, with whom he had two children, Ricardo and Ximena.
Ricardo Lagos : The policy of proximity with people was pronounced in the opening of the doors of the Palacio de La Moneda, that had remained closed since the 1973 coup d'état.
Ricardo Lagos : During the first year of his term in office, Lagos had to confront a high level of unemployment, generated by the political instability of the region, in a process that began to revert during the end of 2003 .
Ricardo Lagos : During 2004, Lagos faced a series of tensions in his relation with other South American countries, caused by recurring Bolivian aspirations for access to the sea.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1972, President Salvador Allende appointed Lagos as the Chilean Ambassador to the Soviet Union in Moscow, but the appointment was never ratified by Congress.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos returned to Chile in 1978, and worked for the Regional Program of Employment of the United Nations, PREALC.
Ricardo Lagos : Although he did not possess great diplomatic experience, he worked with Hernán Santa Cruz as an ambassador to the United Nations, where he presented an outstanding speech on the international financial crisis.
Ricardo Lagos : As a Regional Director of the training program of post graduate studies in social sciences, he was later put in charge of Project UNESCO, of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Buenos Aires.
Ricardo Lagos : During the 1980s, Lagos assumed a fundamental role in the fight for the recovery of democracy.
Ricardo Lagos : During the speech, he strongly criticized the decision of U.S. President Richard Nixon on the nonconvertibility of the U.S. dollar into gold, a measurement that would end in the rounding up the Asian crisis.
Ricardo Lagos : Additionally, the Venezuelan President, Hugo Chávez, has supported in various instances the Bolivian sea claim, causing a diplomatic impassé between Chile and Venezuela.
Ricardo Lagos : He was the only child of Froilán Lagos Sepúlveda (a farmer who died when his son was eight years old) and Emma Escobar Morales (who died in 2005).
Ricardo Lagos : In this position, he initiated reform aimed at increasing equality in access and improving education levels.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos was born in Santiago, Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos was the third president from the center-left Coalition of Parties for Democracy to have ruled Chile since 1990.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1990, Lagos was named Minister of Education by President Patricio Aylwin.
Ricardo Lagos : Three days later he began a two-year term as President of the Club de Madrid— an exclusive organization of former presidents created by a Spanish philanthropist to promote democracy across the world.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1987, as the president of the Committee of the Left for Free Elections, he called on all citizens and parties to enroll in the electoral registries to vote "no" in a 1988 national plebiscite on whether Pinochet should be allowed to remain president of Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : Winning 51.3 percent of the vote, Lagos became the new President of Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : On March 24, 2006 Lagos inaugurated his own foundation called "Democracia y Desarrollo" ("Democracy and Development") in Santiago.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos enjoyed great popular support, bordering on 55%, and ending around 60-70% during the last six months of his term.
Ricardo Lagos : In 1967, he was named Director of the School of Political and Administrative Sciences, a position he held until 1973, when he became Secretary General of the University of Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : The official position of the government consisted of not acknowledging the criminal nature of these practices and establishing a legal reform that increased the pay of ministers and undersecretaries of the government, a matter that was approved in its legislative proceeding.
Ricardo Lagos : On his return to Chile, he was employed at the Institute of Economy of the University of Chile, directed by Carlos Massad.
Ricardo Lagos : In June 1993, he pushed for the notion of using primary elections in order to select the Concertación coalition's candidate for the following presidential election.
Ricardo Lagos : On May 2007, Brown University announced that Lagos would take a teaching position at the Watson Institute for International Studies for a period of five years, starting on July 1, 2007.
Ricardo Lagos : On May 2, 2007, Lagos, along with Gro Harlem Brundtland and Han Seung-soo, was named by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as a Special Envoy on Climate Change.
Ricardo Lagos : In bilateral meetings between Bolivian President Carlos Mesa and Argentine President Néstor Kirchner, the former agreed to the sale of Bolivian gas to Argentina under the condition that "not a single gas molecule be sold to Chile".
Ricardo Lagos : The couple shared the parenting of the children of Lagos' first marriage, the children of Durán's first marriage, Hernán and Alejandro, and their only child together, Francisca.
Ricardo Lagos : In addition to being one of the leaders of the Socialist Party of Chile, he became President of the Democratic Alliance, a force that grouped the majority of the democratic parties opposing the dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet.
Ricardo Lagos : In 2013, Lagos was a visiting professor at the University of Sao Paulo assuming the “José Bonifácio Cátedra".
Ricardo Lagos : Soon after the 1973 coup d'état, he and his family were sent into exile in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he took the position of Secretary General of the Latin American Faculty of Social Sciences (FLACSO).
Ricardo Lagos : Ricardo Froilán Lagos Escobar (; born 2 March 1938) is a Chilean lawyer, economist and social-democratic politician who served as President of Chile from 2000 to 2006.
Ricardo Lagos : Beginning in 2002, his government had to face suspicions of political corruption due to the prosecution of one of his ministers, Carlos Cruz, and of other civil employees of the Public Works Ministry, in the denominated MOP-GATE case.
Ricardo Lagos : Gloria Ana Chevesich, the judge in charge of this case, discovered that ministers, undersecretaries and other officials of exclusive confidence of the President, received additional payments to their regular remuneration: the so-called "extra payments".
Ricardo Lagos : In the first round of the presidential election in December of the same year, he defeated right-wing candidate Joaquín Lavín, by only 30,000 votes.
Ricardo Lagos : He attended primary school at Liceo Experimental Manuel de Salas and high school at the prestigious Instituto Nacional.
Ricardo Lagos : During the 1970s, Lagos declared himself an "independent of the left" and abandoned the Radical Party of Chile, which he had joined in 1961, when this party supported Jorge Alessandri's government.
Ricardo Lagos : After abandoning power, Lagos taught a one-month special seminar at UC Berkeley's Center for Latin American Studies, called "Democracy and Development in Latin America."
Ricardo Lagos : After the triumph of the "No" alternative and the subsequent resignation of Pinochet, Lagos declined to be a candidate for the presidency in spite of being the main leader of the opposition.
Ricardo Lagos : Lagos became the undisputed leader of Pinochet's opponents after appearing in Canal 13's first political debate show since the 1973 coup d'état, "De cara al país" (towards the country), where he stated; "With the triumph of "No", the country will prevent General Pinochet from being 25 years in power, it will mark the start of the end of the dictatorship."
Ricardo Lagos : He won the 1999-2000 presidential election by a narrow margin in a runoff over Independent Democrat Union (UDI) candidate Joaquín Lavín.
Ricardo Lagos : In the primaries, he defeated senator Andrés Zaldívar, of the Christian Democratic Party to become the Concertación's sole presidential candidate.
Ricardo Lagos : His status was later ratified by his appointment as one of the members of the "Committee of Twelve Distinguished Members" of the Socialist International, which he shared with such personalities as Felipe González and Gro Harlem Brundtland.
Ricardo Lagos : He lost this primary to Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, who went on to become President of Chile.
Ricardo Lagos : During Lagos' presidency, Free Trade Agreements were signed with the European Community, the United States, South Korea, the People's Republic of China and New Zealand, Singapore and Brunei (though some of his supporters in the center-left Coalition of Parties for Democracy consider that these agreements may have negative effects on the country); the incidence of extreme poverty was significantly reduced; the legal workweek was reduced from 48 to 45 hours; improvements were made in infrastructure and transport; an unemployment insurance scheme was created; as well as the AUGE health program guaranteeing coverage for a number of medical conditions; the "Chile Barrio" housing program; the "Chile Solidario" program; compulsory schooling was extended to 12 years; the first divorce law in Chile was approved; monetary compensation to victims of torture under the Pinochet regime identified in the Valech Report was authorized; and, recently, a recast constitution was signed.
Ricardo Lagos : This irregularity was acknowledged by Lagos, who specified that the practice had also developed during the governments of Frei Ruiz-Tagle and Aylwin.
Maarten Wynants : Maarten Wynants (born 13 May 1982) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Richart Báez : Richart Martín Báez Fernández (born 31 July 1973) is a Paraguayan former footballer who played as a striker.
Richart Báez : He led Club Martín Ledesma during the 2006 season.
Sylvain Calzati : He turned professional during the year 2003 with , and his biggest success was winning the in the 2006 Tour de France.
Sylvain Calzati : Sylvain Calzati (born July 1, 1979 in Lyon) is a former French road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2003 and 2011.
Hardy Krüger : Krüger mostly retired from acting in the late 1980s and is today a writer, he published 16 books since 1970.
Hardy Krüger : He also directed a number of European television documentaries, showing him travelling around the world.
Hardy Krüger : In March 1945, Krüger was conscripted into the 38th SS Division Nibelungen where he was drawn into heavy fighting.
Hardy Krüger : Hardy Krüger (born Franz Eberhard August Krüger; 12 April 1928) is a German actor, who appeared in more than 60 films since 1944.
Hardy Krüger : In 1960, Krüger bought Ngorongoro farm in the then Tanganyika Territory, which he owned for 13 years.
Hardy Krüger : Other films include the comedy-drama "The Secret of Santa Vittoria" (1969), where he played a German officer during the Second World War trying to find hidden wine in a small Italian town; Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon" with Ryan O'Neal (1975); Richard Attenborough's "A Bridge Too Far" (sharing a scene with Laurence Olivier, 1977); and "The Wild Geese" with Richard Burton (1978).
Achille Silvestrini : He retired from both of those positions on 25 November 2000.
Achille Silvestrini : He was appointed undersecretary of the Council for the Public Affairs of Church on 28 July 1973.
Achille Silvestrini : Silvestrini was one of about a dozen like-minded cardinals and bishops who met annually from 1995 to 2006 in St. Gallen, Switzerland, to discuss reforms with respect to the appointment of bishops, collegiality, bishops' conferences, the primacy of the papacy and sexual morality; they differed among themselves, but shared the view that Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was not the sort of candidate they hoped to see elected at the next conclave.
Achille Silvestrini : On 24 May 1991 he was appointed Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches and, on 3 April 1993, Grand Chancellor of the Pontifical Oriental Institute.
Achille Silvestrini : He was chargé d'affaires in the Holy See's diplomatic offices in Vietnam, China, Indonesia, and Southeast Asia.
Achille Silvestrini : On 28 June 1988, Silvestrini was created cardinal deacon of the titular church of San Benedetto fuori Porta San Paolo.
Achille Silvestrini : He traveled to Moscow with Archbishop Agostino Casaroli, secretary of the council, to deliver the instrument of adhesion of the Holy See to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 1971.
Achille Silvestrini : Silvestrini was appointed Secretary for Relations with States of the Secretariat of State on 4 May 1979 and assigned the titular see of Novaliciana with the title of archbishop.
Achille Silvestrini : He headed the Holy See's delegation to the United Nations conference on the peaceful use of nuclear energy in Geneva in 1971 and to the conference on compliance with the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the same city in 1975.
Achille Silvestrini : Achille Silvestrini (25 October 1923 – 29 August 2019) was an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Achille Silvestrini : He earned a doctorate at the University of Bologna in 1948 and a doctorate in canon and civil law at the Pontifical Lateran University.
Achille Silvestrini : He began studying at the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1952 and joined the Vatican diplomatic service, section of Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs, Secretariat of State, in 1953.
Massimo Oddo : In his later career, he was deployed in a more defensive role as a central-defender.
Massimo Oddo : Massimo Oddo (; born 14 June 1976) is an Italian professional football manager and a former full-back.
Massimo Oddo : He started his career at Renato Curi Angolana of Serie D, and moved to A.C. Milan youth team in 1993.
Massimo Oddo : On 7 June 2019, Oddo was appointed head coach of Perugia.
Marek Janowski : He was also Principal Conductor of the Dresden Philharmonic from 2001 to 2004.
Marek Janowski : Earlier, in 1984, he became the music director of the Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France (then called the Nouvel Orchestre Philharmonique) in Paris, a position he held until 2000.
Marek Janowski : Janowski has made a number of operatic recordings, including the first digital recording of the complete Ring Cycle of Richard Wagner between 1980 and 1983 for RCA, with the Staatskapelle Dresden.
David Arora : David Arora (born October 23, 1952) is an American mycologist, naturalist, and writer.
David Arora : The smaller "All That the Rain Promises and More..." followed in 1991.
David Arora : Arora has also authored or contributed to several papers on fungal taxonomy.
David Arora : The mushroom "Agaricus arorae" is named after David Arora.
David Arora : He began teaching about wild mushrooms in the early 1970s while living in Santa Cruz, California.
David Arora : In addition to his field guides, he has written several articles on amateur and commercial mushroom hunting, its role in the economic development of rural communities, and about conflicts related to conservation issues related to mushroom hunting.
David Arora : Arora has traveled extensively throughout North America and the world, photographing and hunting mushrooms and learning about the mushroom gathering traditions and economies of different cultures.
David Arora : He is the author of two popular books on mushroom identification, "Mushrooms Demystified" and "All That the Rain Promises and More...".
David Arora : In his book "All that the Rain Promises and More...", Arora notes that it "'bleeds' readily like its namesake when cut," a reference to the tendency of some "Agaricus" species (including "A. arorae") to "bleed" or stain red when cut or bruised.
David Arora : "Mushrooms Demystified" was first published in 1979 and was republished in a revised and substantially expanded edition in 1986.
David Arora : Arora first developed an interest in wild mushrooms while growing up in Pasadena, California and organized his first mushroom collecting group while in high school.
David Arora : "grandedulis", "Boletus regineus" (formerly describes as "Boletus aereus)", and "Boletus rex-veris" (formerly described as "Boletus pinophilus").
David Arora : In 1982, he co-authored an extensive description of the stinkhorn species "Clathrus archeri", documenting its first known appearance in North America, an extensive fruiting of this species in his home town of Santa Cruz.
David Arora : In 2008, he was primary author of two papers that provided a taxonomic revision of the California golden chanterelle and of several species in the "Boletus edulis" complex found in California.
Edén Pastora : He was seriously wounded.
Edén Pastora : As of 2010, he holds the title of Minister of Development of the Rio San Juan Basin.
Edén Pastora : In 1984, Pastora was apparently the intended target of the La Penca bombing, which killed four people at a press conference he was holding.
Edén Pastora : Edén Atanacio Pastora Gómez (born in Ciudad Darío January 22, 1937) is a Nicaraguan politician and former guerrilla who ran for president as the candidate of the Alternative for Change (AC) party in the 2006 general elections.
Bernd Storck : He was sacked on 16 October 2010 after a poor start to Euro 2012 Qualifying.
Bernd Storck : Bernd Storck, HOM (born 25 January 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a defender and is currently managing Cercle Brugge in the Belgian First Division A.
Bob Klose : The word "Sound" was dropped from the band's name, with the definite article disappearing a few years later.
Bob Klose : In the first part of this show he spoke about early days with Barrett.
Bob Klose : Klose was born 1945 in Cambridge.
Bob Klose : On both of these albums, he is credited as "Bob Klose".
Bob Klose : His father was a refugee from Nazi Germany and a veteran of the Spanish civil war, and his mother was an English Land Girl.
Bob Klose : Due to their poor financial situation, the family lived in a field tent on a farm where Klose's father worked for a couple of years until moving to a small Cambridgeshire village.
Bob Klose : In 2007 he took part in BBC Radio 2's program "Days in the Life", which was dedicated to Pink Floyd.
Bob Klose : On the official Pink Floyd website, he is listed as Klose, Radovan 'Bob'.
Bob Klose : Between 1964 and July 1965, he was the lead guitarist of an early rock band that would later become Pink Floyd.
Bob Klose : After several village schools, Klose attended school in Cambridge, where he met Syd Barrett and Roger Waters.
Bob Klose : He later moved to London to study architecture and then science at the Regent Street Polytechnic, before abandoning studies to completely devote himself to photography in the late 1960s.
Bob Klose : He also played on "Blue River", a 2007 electronic album by Smith & Mudd, a collaboration between Paul "Mudd" Murphy and multi-instrumentalist/producer Benjamin James Smith.
Bob Klose : In 2006, Klose wrote an accompanying essay for a picture book of previously unpublished Rowland Hilder's watercolour paintings, entitled "Rowland Hilder's British Isles".
Bob Klose : This new group used various names, often fluctuating between "Tea Set" and "The Pink Floyd Sound" (named after two old Carolina bluesmen, Pink Anderson and Floyd Council).
Bob Klose : The band performed rhythm and blues under various names ("Sigma 6", "The Meggadeaths", "The Abdabs", and "The Screaming Abdabs"), during their run with manager Ken Chapman, who also wrote some early material for the band.
Bob Klose : The same year, he appeared on Paul "Mudd" Murphy's album "Claremont 56", as well as Chico Hamilton's album "Juniflip", on which he is also listed as a co-writer for one of the songs ("Kerry's Caravan").
Bob Klose : By the time they left, the line-up included Syd Barrett (rhythm guitar and vocals) and Bob Klose (lead guitar and vocals), with Roger Waters on bass and vocals, Richard Wright on organ and vocals and Nick Mason on drums.
Bob Klose : Klose was more focused on his studies than on the band and was more interested in jazz and blues than Barrett's psychedelia and pop, so he left the band sometime around July 1965.
Łukasz Garguła : GKS Bełchatów signed him in 2002 and in 2005 he managed to ascend with the team to the Ekstraklasa (the premier division in Poland).
Łukasz Garguła : He was called up to participate at Euro 2008 by Leo Beenhakker, however he was the only Polish player, along with Górnik Zabrze defender Michał Pazdan, who did not play in the whole tournament.
Łukasz Garguła : In the 06–07 season the team finished second in the league.
Łukasz Garguła : On 2 September 2006, Garguła made his international debut in a match against Finland, a match which Poland lost 1–3 and where he also scored his first and only goal for his country.
Łukasz Garguła : In 2009, he signed for Wisla Krakow.
Łukasz Garguła : Łukasz Garguła (; born 25 February 1981 in Żagań, Poland) is a Polish footballer who plays for Lechia Zielona Góra as a central midfielder.
Ivan Strinić : He was a part of the Croatia national football team on UEFA Euro 2012 in Poland, where he played all three games in group stage.
Ivan Strinić : Strinić made his debut for Dnipro in a league match against Tavriya Simferopol in a 2–2 draw with the left back scoring a stunning goal.
Ivan Strinić : Ivan Strinić (; born 17 July 1987) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a left-back and is currently a free agent.
Ivan Strinić : Following his return to Croatia he played for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac where he was spotted by his native club Hajduk Split.
Luis Henríquez : Luis Alfonso Henríquez Ledezma (born November 23, 1981 in Panama City) is a football defender, who currently plays for Tauro.
Roman Bürki : First, he was the back-up goalkeeper, later the first goalkeeper.
Roman Bürki : He is the older brother of the defender Marco Bürki.
Roman Bürki : Roman Bürki (born 14 November 1990) is a Swiss professional footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund and the Swiss national football team.
Roman Bürki : Bürki began his career in 2007 with the reserve squad of the BSC Young Boys.
Roman Bürki : In 2009, he moved to FC Thun, and half a year later to FC Schaffhausen.
Roman Bürki : In the summer of 2010 he went back to BSC Young Boys, and again half a year later he was transferred to Grasshopper Club Zürich.
Roman Bürki : On 24 May 2014, he signed a contract with SC Freiburg.
Milorad Dodik : In 1978 he graduated from an agricultural high school in Banja Luka, after which he entered the Faculty of Political Sciences at the University of Belgrade, where he graduated in 1983.
Milorad Dodik : He was elected as the first President of SNSD.
Milorad Dodik : From 1986 through 1990 he was the Chairman of the Executive Board of the Municipal Assembly of Laktaši.
Milorad Dodik : The party later united with another social-democratic party to form the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats, of which Dodik is President.
Milorad Dodik : In 1990, in the first multi-party elections in Bosnia and Herzegovina he was elected to the Parliament of the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, as a candidate of the Union of Reform Forces and was a political disciple of liberal reformer Ante Marković.
Milorad Dodik : The caucus he chaired was to form the core of the Party of Independent Social Democrats ("Stranka nezavisnih socijaldemokrata", or SNSD) in 1996, after the peace was signed as a result of the Dayton Agreement.
Milorad Dodik : During the Bosnian War, he served as a representative in the National Assembly of Republika Srpska.
Milorad Dodik : Milorad Dodik (, ; born 12 March 1959) is a Bosnian Serb politician, currently serving as the Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the collective federal head of state.
Manolo Hierro : Manuel "Manolo" Ruiz Hierro (born 8 February 1962) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
John Neumeier : Neumeier was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he received his first ballet training.
John Neumeier : in English literature and theater studies at Marquette University in 1961, he continued his training in Copenhagen with Vera Volkova and at the Royal Ballet School in London.
John Neumeier : John Neumeier (born 24 February 1939) is an American ballet dancer, choreographer, and director.
John Neumeier : In 1963 he joined the Stuttgart Ballet under John Cranko, rising to the rank of soloist.
Enrique Saura : Saura earned 23 caps for Spain, the first coming on 8 November 1978 in a friendly with France.
Enrique Saura : Enrique Saura Gil (born 2 August 1954) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Bertilo Wennergren : He is also the author of a Swedish-language book to teach Esperanto.
Bertilo Wennergren : Having spoken Esperanto since 1980, he became a member of the Esperanto Academy in 2001 and holds the post of director of the Academy's General Dictionary section.
Bertilo Wennergren : He is author of the books "Plena Manlibro de Esperanta Gramatiko" (Complete Manual of Esperanto Grammar) and "Landoj kaj lingvoj de la mondo" (Lands and Languages of the World).
Frank Wiegand : Frank Wiegand (born 15 March 1943) is a German former swimmer, Olympic medalist and world record holder.
Frank Wiegand : He won eight medals at two European championships, in 1962 and 1966, including four gold medals in freestyle and medley events.
Jonás Gutiérrez : On 3 November 2014, Gutiérrez was discharged from hospital.
Jonás Gutiérrez : He returned to Newcastle a month later but was deemed surplus to squad requirements and was loaned out to Norwich City in January 2014 for the rest of the season.
Jonás Gutiérrez : He began his career with Vélez Sarsfield, moving to Mallorca in 2005 after winning the Clausura.
Jonás Gutiérrez : Jonás Manuel Gutiérrez ( (born 5 July 1983) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Atlético Banfield.
Jonás Gutiérrez : He scored his first goal for Argentina in the first half of a friendly against France on 11 February 2009.
Jonás Gutiérrez : Gutiérrez was part of the victorious Argentina national under-20 team at the 2003 South American Youth Championship.
Armin Zöggeler : In June 2019 he was inducted in the FIL "Hall of Fame".
Armin Zöggeler : Armin Zöggeler OMRI (born 4 January 1974) is a retired Italian luger and double Olympic champion.
Armin Zöggeler : He also won 20 Italian national championship titles between 1993 and 2013.
Li Fuyu : Li Fuyu (Chinese: 李富玉, born May 9, 1978) is a retired Chinese professional road bicycle racer.
Martin Hairer : Under the name HairerSoft, he develops Macintosh software.
Martin Hairer : In 2014 he was awarded the Fields Medal, one of the highest honours a mathematician can achieve.
Martin Hairer : He is Professor of Mathematics at Imperial College London, having previously held appointments at the University of Warwick and the Courant Institute of New York University.
Martin Hairer : Sir Martin Hairer (born 14 November 1975 in Geneva, Switzerland) is an Austrian mathematician working in the field of stochastic analysis, in particular stochastic partial differential equations.
Urs Freuler : He competed in the team pursuit event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Urs Freuler : Urs Freuler (born 6 November 1958 in Bilten, Canton of Glarus) is a Swiss cyclist, who raced professionally between 1980 and 1997, during which he won 124 victories.
Benedikt Höwedes : Höwedes started playing football for his hometown club TuS Haltern in 1994.
Benedikt Höwedes : On 29 May 2011, he made his debut for the senior team in a friendly against Uruguay.
Benedikt Höwedes : On 30 August 2017, Höwedes joined Juventus on a one-year loan deal for €3.5 million plus €3 million variables, with an option to buy for €13M.
Benedikt Höwedes : Benedikt Höwedes (; born 29 February 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Russian club Lokomotiv Moscow, and the Germany national football team.
Benedikt Höwedes : In January 2007, he signed a professional contract with Schalke, which ran until 30 June 2010, he then joined Schalke's Bundesliga squad in July.
Benedikt Höwedes : In September 2007, the German Football Association honoured Höwedes with the Fritz Walter Medal as the best player of his age-group for the 2006–07 season.
Benedikt Höwedes : In 2003, he became captain of Schalke's under-19 team and as a member of that team he won the Under 19 Bundesliga in 2006.
Benedikt Höwedes : On 23 July 2011, Höwedes became captain of Schalke.
Benedikt Höwedes : In 2001, he was transferred to the youth teams of FC Schalke 04.
Benedikt Höwedes : On 10 December 2008, Höwedes extended his contract which will keep him at the club until 30 June 2014.
Enrique Wolff : Since 2000, "Simplemente Fútbol" airs on ESPN Latin America.
Enrique Wolff : Enrique Ernesto "Quique" Wolff (born 21 February 1949) is an Argentine journalist and former football defender.
Enrique Wolff : Wolff returned to Argentina in 1979 to play for Argentinos Juniors, but he only managed 8 appearances before retiring.
Enrique Wolff : Wolff, born in Victoria, Buenos Aires, began his career with Racing Club in 1967.
Tyler Zeller : On April 5, 2019, Zeller signed with the Memphis Grizzlies for the remainder of the season.
Tyler Zeller : On July 10, 2014, Zeller was traded to the Boston Celtics in a three-team trade that also involved the Cavaliers and the Brooklyn Nets.
Tyler Zeller : Tyler Paul Zeller (born January 17, 1990) is an American professional basketball player.
Tyler Zeller : In his senior year, he averaged 33.1 points and 11.0 rebounds per game, and also shot 69% from the field and 82% from the free throw line.
Tyler Zeller : On March 7, 2019, Zeller signed a 10-day contract with the Atlanta Hawks.
Tyler Zeller : On February 5, 2018, Zeller was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks in exchange for Rashad Vaughn and the rights to a future second-round draft pick.
Tyler Zeller : On September 12, 2017, Zeller signed a multi-year contract with the Brooklyn Nets.
Tyler Zeller : He is the nephew of former NBA player Al Eberhard, and the brother of fellow NBA players Cody Zeller and Luke Zeller.
Tyler Zeller : Zeller announced that he was entering the 2012 NBA draft along with North Carolina teammates Harrison Barnes, Kendall Marshall and John Henson.
Drew Carey : ", both of which aired on ABC.
Drew Carey : He then appeared in several films, television series, music videos, a made-for-television film, and a computer game.
Drew Carey : Carey's autobiography, "Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined", details his early life and television career.
Drew Carey : Drew Allison Carey (born May 23, 1958) is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, sports executive, and game show host.
Drew Carey : In April 2011, Carey began hosting a primetime improv show, called "Drew Carey's Improv-A-Ganza".
Federico Jiménez Losantos : In all, often his views can be close to those of right libertarianism.
Federico Jiménez Losantos : He was among the leading publics figures promoting the conspiracy theory about the authorship of the 11-M terrorist attacks in Madrid in 2004, and he even got to the point of purging critics of the conspiracy theory off from the informative services of COPE.
Federico Jiménez Losantos : He earned a degree in Spanish Studies (section Philology) at the University of Barcelona after spending almost his entire academic formation under scholarship of excellency, becoming a teacher of Spanish Literature at the "Instituto Lope de Vega", a high school in Madrid.
Federico Jiménez Losantos : A harsh opponent of Catalan nationalism, he has decried language policy in Catalonia as a "cultural genocide".
Federico Jiménez Losantos : Born in Orihuela del Tremedal, Teruel, on 15 September 1951, he was raised in a humble family.
Federico Jiménez Losantos : Following the attack, he moved to Madrid, where he was hired as Op-Ed Editor of the conservative "Diario 16" newspaper.
Federico Jiménez Losantos : He is founder and editor of the Spanish and self-styled libertarian on-line newspaper "Libertad Digital".
Kendrick Perkins : He was subsequently waived by the Jazz two days later.
Kendrick Perkins : On October 10, 2013, Perkins posted a $1,000 bond on a misdemeanor assault charge.
Kendrick Perkins : His son was born on September 10, 2007.
Kendrick Perkins : After his senior season in 2003, Perkins was selected to the McDonald's All-American Game.
Kendrick Perkins : On July 25, 2009, Perkins married his longtime girlfriend, Vanity Alpough.
Kendrick Perkins : Kendrick Le'Dale Perkins (born November 10, 1984) is an American former professional basketball center.
Kendrick Perkins : He led Ozen High to four consecutive district championships and one state championship during his high school career.
Kendrick Perkins : Perkins was born in Nederland, Texas and graduated from Clifton J. Ozen High School in Beaumont, Texas, in 2003.
Kendrick Perkins : The center was drafted in the first round with the 27th pick of the 2003 NBA draft by the Memphis Grizzlies, but then, he was immediately traded along with Marcus Banks to the Boston Celtics in exchange for Troy Bell and Dahntay Jones, who had been selected by the Celtics in the same draft.
Martin Gore : Tora!
Martin Gore : Tora!"
Martin Gore : and the instrumental "Big Muff".
Martin Gore : Martin Lee Gore (born 23 July 1961) is an English songwriter, musician, singer, record producer, remixer, and DJ.
Martin Gore : On 19 February 2016, Kaski gave birth to a baby girl named Johnnie Lee, his fourth child.
Martin Gore : He has three children with Boisvert: daughter Viva Lee Gore (born 1991), daughter Ava Lee Gore (born 1995), and son Calo Leon Gore (born 2002).
Kevin Costner : Costner told Burton that he would prefer to avoid the drama that followed Burton and asked if he would have to tolerate that if he became an actor.
Kevin Costner : It was released in cinemas worldwide in January 2011.
Kevin Costner : On September 25, 2004, Costner married his girlfriend of four years, model and handbag designer Christine Baumgartner, at his ranch in Aspen, Colorado.
Kevin Costner : Costner was honored on September 6, 2006, when his hand and foot prints were set in concrete in front of Grauman's Chinese Theatre alongside those of other celebrated actors and entertainers.
Kevin Costner : Kevin Michael Costner (born January 18, 1955) is an American actor, director, producer, and musician.
Albert Rivera : We care about you".
Albert Rivera : He also studied for one year at the University of Helsinki in Finland, as part of an Erasmus scholarship.
Albert Rivera : He has also taken a course at the George Washington University in political marketing.
Albert Rivera : He went on to study law at ESADE, part of the Ramon Llull University, completing the degree in 2001.
Albert Rivera : As a child, Albert spent several summers in Cútar.
Albert Rivera : Over the years, most of his maternal family also moved to Catalonia, except for his grandfather Lucas Díaz, who had been the first to emigrate in the 1960s to France and then to Switzerland.
Albert Rivera : Eventually his parents' opened their own business and moved to live in La Ametlla, where they sent their son to the private la Escola Cervetó school.
Albert Rivera : Albert Rivera Díaz is the only child of Agustín Rivera, member of a working class family from La Barceloneta, and María Jesús Díaz, who had moved aged 13 from the small town of Cútar in Málaga province to follow in the footsteps of her elder brother, who had opened an electrical appliances shop.
Albert Rivera : Albert Rivera Díaz (born 15 November 1979) is a Spanish former politician who was the leader of Citizens from its founding in 2006 until 2019.
Juan Pablo Colinas : On 12 January 2016, Juan Pablo returned to Numancia for a third spell.
Juan Pablo Colinas : Juan Pablo Colinas Ferreras (born 2 September 1978), known as Juan Pablo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Juan Pablo Colinas : Born in León, Castile and León, Juan Pablo began his professional career with hometown club Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa, moving in 2000 to Deportivo Alavés.
Juan Pablo Colinas : On 1 September, the 38-year-old announced his retirement from professional football; he returned to active shortly after, however, going on to spend one a half seasons with AEK Larnaca FC from the Cypriot First Division.
Ramin Djawadi : Also in 2011, he worked on the CBS crime drama "Person of Interest".
Ramin Djawadi : Djawadi was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for his work on Iron Man.
Ramin Djawadi : Ramin Djawadi (, , born July 19, 1974) is a German score composer.
Ramin Djawadi : After graduating from Berklee College of Music in 1998, Djawadi garnered the attention of Hans Zimmer, who recruited him to Remote Control Productions.
Ramin Djawadi : He is well known for his scores for the 2008 Marvel film "Iron Man" and the HBO series "Game of Thrones" which were both nominated for Grammy Awards in 2009 and 2018 respectively.
Roger Vonlanthen : Roger Vonlanthen (born 5 December 1930) is a retired Swiss football player and manager.
Roger Vonlanthen : Later he became a manager with Servette, Lausanne and CS Chênois and had a stint as the manager of Switzerland from 1977 to 1979.
Laurent Binet : He graduated from the University of Paris with a degree in Literature.
Laurent Binet : Laurent Binet (born 19 July 1972) is a French writer and university lecturer.
Laurent Binet : The novel recounts the assassination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in 1942.
Laurent Binet : Binet was awarded the 2010 Prix Goncourt du Premier Roman for his first novel, "HHhH".
Fabián Alarcón : Alarcón is a member of the Alfarista Radical Front.
Fabián Alarcón : In 1999 he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later released.
Fabián Alarcón : Fabián Ernesto Alarcón Rivera (born April 14, 1947) was President of Ecuador from February 6, 1997 to February 9, 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.
Fabián Alarcón : He was the President of the National Congress from 1991 to 1992 and then again from August 1995 to February 1997, when he was made acting president due to the impeachment of President Abdalá Bucaram.
Haile Gebrselassie : Haile Gebrselassie (, "haylē gebre silassē"; born 18 April 1973) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance track and road running athlete.
Haile Gebrselassie : On 7 November, after dropping out of the 2010 New York City Marathon with an inflamed knee, Haile announced his retirement.
Haile Gebrselassie : Then, on 27 June 2007, Haile launched an attack upon the world record for the one hour run, in Ostrava, Czech Republic.
Màrius Serra : Though he had already been publishing since 1987, he first became famous with the publication of the novel "Mon oncle" (My uncle) in 1994.
Màrius Serra : Since 2013 he's a member of the Institut d'Estudis Catalans (Institute of Catalan Studies)
Màrius Serra : Serra has a degree in English philology, and in addition to his writing career, is a professor of English.
Màrius Serra : Màrius Serra i Roig (born May 1, 1963 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Spanish writer, journalist, translator and television maker.
Màrius Serra : Besides, he has participated with his crosswords ("Crucigramarius") in the weekend program of Radio Nacional de España "No es un día cualquiera" for years, and has another section called "Enigmarius" in Catalunya Radio.
Màrius Serra : He was also the host of a television show about books, "Alexandria" on Channel 33 in Catalonia.
Óscar Córdoba : In December 2008 he was nominated by the American channel Fox Sports as "Outstanding Career" Award given annually by such means the best athletes in the world.
Óscar Córdoba : In the 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification he started in every game and conceded only two goals making him the best goalkeeper in the playoffs.
Óscar Córdoba : Óscar Eduardo Córdoba Arce (born 3 February 1970) is a retired Colombian football goalkeeper who has played more than 70 games for the Colombia national team.
Óscar Córdoba : Oscar will be awarded with special recognition for Outstanding Career with Argentine striker Gabriel Batistuta.
Óscar Córdoba : After the title, he moved to Argentine team Boca Juniors to what was probably his most successful time, winning the Argentine Championships Apertura 1998, Clausura 1999 and Apertura 2000, the Copa Libertadores 2000 and 2001, and the Intercontinental Cup of 2000.
Vicente Biurrun : He stayed connected with the game, as a players' agent.
Vicente Biurrun : José Vicente Fernández Biurrun (born 1 September 1959) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Vicente Biurrun : FC Barcelona took an option to purchase Biurrun, but in May 1986 they signed Athletic Bilbao's goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta instead and an agreement was reached for the former to join the Basque club as the latter's replacement.
Lisandro López : On 9 May 2010, he was named Ligue 1 Footballer of the Year.
Lisandro López : In April 2005, López signed for FC Porto for a transfer fee of €2.3 million, at the same time of compatriot Lucho González.
Lisandro López : Benfica; an offer from FC Zenit St. Petersburg was rejected midway through the campaign, and the Portuguese club eventually bought the remaining economic rights of the player for €4.4 million.
Lisandro López : After the sale of Karim Benzema to Real Madrid in the summer of 2009, López replaced him at Olympique Lyonnais, being transferred for a fee of €24 million, plus a €4 million bonus subject to performances.
Lisandro López : He also found the net in the following game, a 1–1 draw against title holders Marseille at the Stade Vélodrome.
Lisandro López : Lisandro López (born 2 March 1983), sometimes known as simply Lisandro, is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda.
Lisandro López : Anderlecht in the second leg of the Champions League qualifying round, in an eventual 8–2 aggregate win.
Lisandro López : On 8 August, he scored on his Ligue 1 debut from a last-minute free-kick at Le Mans FC, in a 2–2 draw.
Lisandro López : He continued this good form with a goal in Lyon's 2–1 away defeat of Stade Rennais FC, four days later.
Lisandro López : On 20 October he found the net again, against Benfica in a 2–0 Champions League group stage win.
Lisandro López : The following weekend, against newly promoted AC Ajaccio, he hit the post twice in the first ten minutes and had several shots saved by Guillermo Ochoa, but was able to salvage a point for new coach Rémi Garde on his home debut with an excellent header in the 83rd minute.
Lisandro López : After a one-month spell without a goal, López finally added to his account by grabbing a last-minute goal in a 3–1 away win against RC Lens.
Lisandro López : On 6 March 2011, after six scoreless appearances, López scored a hat-trick in the 5–0 thrashing of AC Arles-Avignon.
Lisandro López : In the 27th matchday he continued his run, opening the scoring in a 2–0 away win against FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Lisandro López : On 4 November 2009, López scored a late and decisive equaliser in a group game against Liverpool to ensure Lyon qualified for the knockout stage.
Lisandro López : On 10 April, he netted in the 90th minute in a 3–0 home win over Lens and found the net in the following two home fixtures (both 3–2 wins), against Montpellier and Marseille, with his team eventually finishing in third position; on the final day of the season he scored a goal in the 2–0 win over AS Monaco FC, condemning the opposition to their first relegation in 35 years.
Lisandro López : He scored seven Primeira Liga goals in his first season in 26 games, repeating the feat the following campaign while appearing in one match less; he also found the net in the 1–1 home draw against Rangers in the 2005–06 UEFA Champions League, adding two to help defeat Hamburger SV (also in that competition but in the following edition, 4–1 home win).
Lisandro López : On 28 April 2012, López helped Lyon grab victory in the French Cup final, scoring the game's only goal against US Quevilly.
Lisandro López : Porto wrapped up the season with the conquest of the Taça de Portugal, and he netted the game's only goal in a victory over F.C.
Lisandro López : In 2007–08, as Porto were crowned league champions for the third consecutive time, López was the competition's top scorer, scoring 24 goals in 27 games and adding three in the season's Champions League.
Lisandro López : López only scored ten goals in 2008–09, but finished fourth in the scoring list in the Champions League with six, only trailing Lionel Messi, Steven Gerrard and Miroslav Klose.
Lisandro López : Three days later Lyon, needing a point to secure passage to the knockout stages of the Champions League, played host to Hapoel Tel Aviv FC, and he opened the scoring in the 62nd minute of an eventual 2–2 home draw.
Lisandro López : López started 2011–12 in fine form, scoring in the first two games, his first coming in the early stages of a 3–1 win at OGC Nice.
Lisandro López : On 2 October 2010, López scored in a 3–2 away win over AS Nancy for Lyon's second win of the campaign.
Mindaugas Katelynas : While at Chattanooga, Katelynas won the NCAA dunk contest in 2005.
Mindaugas Katelynas : During the summer of 2007, he participated in Golden State Warriors summer camp.
Mindaugas Katelynas : Katelynas averaged his personal best – 12.7 ppg, 8.2 rpg, 1.4 spg while shooting 56% from the field.
Mindaugas Katelynas : Mindaugas Katelynas (born 16 May 1983) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player.
Mindaugas Katelynas : He signed a one-year contract with Armani Jeans Milano in 2007, and extended it to two years in 2008.
Mark Lester : Lester has four children with his first wife, Jane, whom he married in January 1993 and divorced in 2005.
Mark Lester : In 2006, he married his second wife, a psychiatric nurse.
Mark Lester : Lester starred in a film version of "Black Beauty" (1971).
Mark Lester : Lester claimed to have been a sperm donor for Jackson in 1996, and announced that he was willing to take a paternity test to determine whether he was the father.
Mark Lester : Lester initially had supporting roles in several British television series, including "The Human Jungle" and "Danger Man".
Mark Lester : After the poor reception of "The Prince and the Pauper", Lester gave up acting at the age of 19.
Mark Lester : He became an osteopath, studying at the British School of Osteopathy, and in 1993, Lester opened the Carlton Clinic, an acupuncture clinic in Cheltenham.
Mark Lester : Brian Oxman, former lawyer for the Jackson family, rejected the claim in a television interview, stating, “The thing I always heard from Michael was that Michael was the father of these children, and I believe Michael."
Mark Lester : Lester was educated at three independent schools: at Corona Theatre School in Ravenscourt Park in West London, followed by Tower House School, a boys' preparatory school near Richmond Park (also in West London), and at Halliford School in Shepperton in Surrey.
Mark Lester : In 1967, at the age of eight, Lester was cast in the title role in the film version of Lionel Bart's musical "Oliver!".
Mark Lester : Mark Lester (born Mark A. Letzer; 11 July 1958) is an English former child actor who starred in a number of British and European films in the 1960s and 1970s.
Mark Lester : In August 2009, after Jackson's death, Lester gave an interview to the British tabloid newspaper "News of the World" in which he claimed that he could be the biological father of Paris, the late singer's daughter.
Mark Lester : Mark Lester was born in the city of Oxford, Oxfordshire, in southern England, to actress Rita Keene Lester and actor and producer Michael Lester (originally Michael Boris Letzer).
Mark Lester : In 1964, at the age of six, Lester was cast in Robert Dhéry's film "Allez France!"
Silviu Lung Jr. : Lately, he was capped for the senior team of Romania.
Silviu Lung Jr. : Silviu Lung Junior (born 4 June 1989) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Kayserispor.
Rubén Lobato : Rubén Lobato Elvira (born September 1, 1978 in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Madrid) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who has ridden for (2002), Domina Vacanze-Elitron (2003) and Saunier Duval (2004–2008).
Alexander Zickler : Alexander Zickler (born 28 February 1974) is a German retired footballer who played as a striker.
Alexander Zickler : Zickler was a German international for four years, but did not attend any major international tournament.
Alexander Zickler : He made his debut on 18 November 1998, coming on as a substitute for Mario Basler in a 1–1 draw against Netherlands.
Alexander Zickler : Zickler made his final appearance for the national team on 11 October 2002 in a 1–1 away friendly draw against Bosnia and Herzegovina, retiring from international football later in that year.
Alexander Zickler : On 16 August 2000, he scored his first international goal(s), netting twice in a 4–1 friendly victory over Spain, in Hannover.
Stephon Marbury : However, in April 2008, it was Thomas who was removed from his position; first as president, being replaced by Donnie Walsh, and then as coach, being replaced by Mike D'Antoni.
Stephon Marbury : When D'Antoni told Marbury that he had an opportunity to play approximately 35 minutes in a game if he wanted to, Marbury, apparently feeling he and the Knicks had gone their own ways, allegedly refused.
Stephon Marbury : He was an NBA All-Star with the Suns in 2001 and 2003, and was voted into the All-NBA Third Team in 2000 and 2003.
Stephon Marbury : Marbury played for the U.S. in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the first of the U.S. teams composed of NBA players to fail to win the gold medal at the Olympics.
Stephon Marbury : In his first season in the league, Marbury averaged 15.8 points and 7.8 assists per game and was named to the 1997 All-Rookie Team.
Stephon Marbury : Teamed with Rookie of the Year Amar'e Stoudemire and All-Star Shawn Marion, the trio took the team to the playoffs, but the Suns were ousted by the Spurs in the first round.
Stephon Marbury : In July 2010, Marbury agreed to a three-year deal to remain with the Brave Dragons.
Stephon Marbury : He and second-year player Kevin Garnett led the Timberwolves to the NBA Playoffs in 1997 and 1998.
Stephon Marbury : Marbury, the sixth of seven children, was born and raised in the Coney Island neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.
Stephon Marbury : Averaging 45 points per game during the Shanxi series, Marbury led Beijing to their first ever CBA Finals match-up against the 7-time champion Guangdong Southern Tigers.
Stephon Marbury : He averaged 22.9 points, 9.5 assists and 2.6 steals in 15 games, but Shanxi eventually failed to advance to the playoffs.
Stephon Marbury : He was named a 1995 McDonald's All-American along with future NBA All-Stars Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, Shareef Abdur-Rahim, and Antawn Jamison.
Stephon Marbury : Marbury also scored a career-high 50 points on February 13, 2001 in an overtime loss against the Los Angeles Lakers.
Stephon Marbury : Stephon Xavier Marbury (born February 20, 1977) is an American former basketball player.
Stephon Marbury : He was selected fourth overall by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1996 NBA draft, then traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves for the draft rights to Ray Allen (who was drafted immediately after him) and a future first-round pick.
Stephon Marbury : Like the previous two seasons, Marbury played in the starting five for the 2012 CBA All-Star match, but unlike the previous two years, his team made the playoffs.
Stephon Marbury : Marbury, Penny Hardaway and Cezary Trybański were traded to the New York Knicks on January 5, 2004 for Howard Eisley, Charlie Ward, Antonio McDyess, Maciej Lampe, draft rights to Miloš Vujanić, a first-round 2004 draft choice, and an additional future first-round draft choice.
Stephon Marbury : He played in the NBA from 1996 to 2009, also as a member of the New Jersey Nets, Phoenix Suns, New York Knicks and Boston Celtics.
Rodolfo Dubó : He played 46 matches for his country scoring 3 goals between 1977 and 1985.
Edward de Bono : A partial list of books by de Bono includes:
Edward de Bono : De Bono has also written numerous articles published in refereed and other journals, including "The Lancet" and "Clinical Science".
Edward de Bono : Edward Charles Francis Publius de Bono (born 19 May 1933) is a Maltese physician, psychologist, author, inventor and consultant.
Dahir Riyale Kahin : On 3 May 2002, Kahin became the third President of Somaliland, after the death of the autonomous region's President Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal.
Dahir Riyale Kahin : He previously served as a senior officer in the National Security Service of Somalia, and he was Vice President of Somaliland from 1997 to 2002.
Dahir Riyale Kahin : Dahir Rayale Kahin (, ) (born 12 March 1952) is a Somali politician who was President of Somaliland from 2002 to 2010.
Craig Mabbitt : He was formerly the lead vocalist for the bands Blessthefall and The Word Alive.
Craig Mabbitt : Mabbitt founded the Arizona-based metalcore band The Word Alive in 2008 as a side-project while also performing in Escape the Fate.
Craig Mabbitt : On his Twitter, he revealed that he is working on a song titled "Are You Still On Drugs", which may be related to a song titled "Are You On Drugs" that he wrote back when he was in The Word Alive.
Craig Mabbitt : In the middle of their 2007 European Tour with Silverstein and The Vincent Black Shadow, Mabbitt left the band for personal reasons, and was replaced by Beau Bokan, the former lead vocalist for Take the Crown.
Craig Mabbitt : Craig Edward Mabbitt (born April 9, 1987) is an American singer-songwriter and recording artist.
Peter Agre : Carpenter.
Peter Agre : in 1974 from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland.
Peter Agre : Since the function was unknown, Agre consulted John C. Parker, his former hematology professor at the University of North Carolina, who suggested that the protein may be the long-sought water channel responsible for rapid movements of water across the membranes of red cells and certain other cell types.
Michael Craig-Martin : Sir Michael Craig-Martin (born 28 August 1941) is an Irish-born contemporary conceptual artist and painter.
Michael Craig-Martin : He is Emeritus Professor of Fine Art at Goldsmiths.
Maximilian Nicu : Maximilian Nicu (born 25 November 1982) is a German-Romanian former professional footballer.
Courtney Lee : Courtney Lee (born October 3, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Courtney Lee : After spending his rookie year with the Orlando Magic, Lee was traded on June 25, 2009, along with Rafer Alston and Tony Battie, to the New Jersey Nets for future teammate Vince Carter and Ryan Anderson.
Courtney Lee : On January 31, 2019, Lee was traded, along with Trey Burke, Tim Hardaway Jr. and Kristaps Porziņģis, to the Dallas Mavericks in exchange for DeAndre Jordan, Wesley Matthews, Dennis Smith Jr. and two future first-round draft picks.
Andrea Marcon : Andrea Marcon (born February 7, 1963 in Treviso, Italy) is an Italian conductor, organist, harpsichordist, and scholar.
Garth Brooks : All of the children were required to participate, either by singing or doing skits.
Garth Brooks : In high school, he played football and baseball and ran track and field.
Garth Brooks : The couple had two children together, Kelly and Garth.
Garth Brooks : At their home in Yukon, Oklahoma, the family hosted weekly talent nights.
Garth Brooks : Most of the album was traditionalist country, influenced in part by George Strait.
Garth Brooks : The first single, "Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)", was a country top 10 success.
Garth Brooks : He is also one of the world's best-selling artists of all time, having sold more than 170 million records.
Garth Brooks : Phelps liked what he heard and offered to produce Brooks' first demo.
Garth Brooks : Brooks has later claimed that out of all the songs he has recorded, "The Dance" remains his favorite.
Garth Brooks : Through his elder siblings, Brooks was exposed to a wide range of music.
Garth Brooks : It was followed by Brooks' first number-one single on the Hot Country Songs chart, "If Tomorrow Never Comes".
Garth Brooks : Brooks learned to play both the guitar and banjo.
Garth Brooks : This was the second marriage for each of his parents, giving Brooks four older half-siblings (Jim, Jerry, Mike, and Betsy).
Garth Brooks : He received a track scholarship to Oklahoma State University in Stillwater, where he competed in the javelin.
Garth Brooks : Troubled by conflicts between career and family, Brooks retired from recording and performing from 2001 until 2005.
Garth Brooks : In late 1990, Brooks was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry.
Garth Brooks : In 1985, entertainment attorney Rod Phelps drove from Dallas to listen to Brooks.
Garth Brooks : As a child, Brooks often sang in casual family settings, but his primary focus was athletics.
Garth Brooks : Similarly, Brooks was influenced by the 1970s-era rock of Billy Joel and Bruce Springsteen and the operatic rock of Queen with Freddie Mercury.
Garth Brooks : In 1989, Brooks embarked on his first major concert tour, as opening act for Kenny Rogers.
Garth Brooks : 2 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Garth Brooks : In 2009, he began Garth at Wynn, a periodic weekend concert residency at Las Vegas' Encore Theatre from December 2009 to January 2014.
Garth Brooks : With Phelps' encouragement, including a list of Phelps' contacts in Nashville and some of his credit cards, Brooks traveled to Nashville to pursue a recording contract; he returned to Oklahoma within 24 hours.
Garth Brooks : 1; its music video, directed by John Lloyd Miller, gave Brooks his first push towards a broader audience.
Garth Brooks : Following the conclusion of the residency, Brooks announced his signing with Sony Music Nashville in July 2014.
Garth Brooks : In September 2014, he began his comeback world tour, with wife and musician Trisha Yearwood, which culminated in 2017.
Garth Brooks : 3 on the "Billboard" 200, and eventually became Brooks' highest-selling album, with domestic shipments of 17 million.
Garth Brooks : Since 1989, Brooks has released 22 records in all, which include: 12 studio albums, two live albums, three compilation albums, three Christmas albums and four box sets, along with 77 singles.
Garth Brooks : Brooks graduated in 1984 with a degree in advertising.
Garth Brooks : While Brooks' musical style placed him squarely within the boundaries of country music, he was strongly influenced by the 1970s singer-songwriter movement, especially the works of James Taylor, whom he idolized and named his first child after, as well as Dan Fogelberg.
Garth Brooks : In 1987, Brooks and wife Sandy Mahl moved to Nashville, and Brooks began making contacts in the music industry.
Garth Brooks : According to the RIAA, he is the best-selling solo albums artist in the United States with 148 million domestic units sold, ahead of Elvis Presley, and is second only to The Beatles in total album sales overall.
Garth Brooks : In 1981, after hearing "Unwound", the debut single of George Strait, Brooks decided that he was more interested in playing country music.
Garth Brooks : In 1985, Brooks began his professional music career, singing and playing guitar in Oklahoma clubs and bars, most notably Wild Willie's Saloon in Stillwater.
Garth Brooks : He was the youngest child of Troyal Raymond Brooks Jr. (1931–2010), a draftsman for an oil company, and Colleen McElroy Carroll (1929–1999), a 1950s-era country singer of Irish ancestry who recorded on the Capitol Records label and appeared on "Ozark Jubilee".
Garth Brooks : Troyal Garth Brooks was born on February 7, 1962, in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Garth Brooks : He won several awards in his career, including two Grammy Awards, 17 American Music Awards (including "Artist of the '90s") and the RIAA Award for best-selling solo albums artist of the century in the U.S.
Garth Brooks : Garth Brooks' eponymous first album was released in 1989 and was a chart success.
Garth Brooks : , Brooks is now the only artist in music history to have released seven albums that achieved diamond status in the United States (surpassing the Beatles' former record of six); those albums are "Garth Brooks" (10× platinum), "No Fences" (17× platinum), "Ropin' the Wind" (14× platinum), "The Hits" (10× platinum), "Sevens" (10× platinum), "Double Live" (21× platinum), and "The Ultimate Hits" (10× platinum).
Garth Brooks : Although he listened to some country music, especially that of George Jones, Brooks was most fond of rock music, citing James Taylor, Dan Fogelberg, and Townes Van Zandt as major influences.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : He studied humanities, philosophy and theology in the Archdiocese of Braga.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : He met with José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero to reduce tension between the Spanish government and the Church.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : On 1 March 2000, he was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Spain and Andorra.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : Monteiro de Castro was born on 29 March 1938 in Santa Eufémia de Prazins, Guimarães, Portugal.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : He was given additional responsibility as Secretary of the College of Cardinals on 21 October 2009.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : On 16 February 1985, Pope John Paul II appointed him titular archbishop of Beneventum; Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Jamaica, Saint Lucia, and Trinidad and Tobago; and Apostolic Delegate to the other territories in the Antilles.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : On 5 January 2012, Monteiro de Castro was appointed Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : On 3 July 2009, Pope Benedict ended his diplomatic career by appointing him Secretary of the Congregation for Bishops.
Manuel Monteiro de Castro : On 6 January 2012, Pope Benedict XVI announced he would make Monteiro de Castro a cardinal on 18 February.
Dimitri Payet : While training at the club, he was accused of having a difficult character and displaying a lack of motivation.
Dimitri Payet : Hours later, the move was confirmed by both Saint-Étienne and Lille.
Dimitri Payet : Payet is a French international.
Dimitri Payet : The midfielder appeared as a substitute in the match and had been on the field for no more than two minutes before netting the goal.
Dimitri Payet : He was officially promoted to the senior team and assigned the number 31 shirt by Le Dizet.
Dimitri Payet : Matuidi described the altercation as a "lack of maturity" on both players part.
Dimitri Payet : Payet apologized for the incident shortly after.
Dimitri Payet : Despite being a starter for the majority of the campaign, Payet scored no goals and also failed to provide any assists.
Dimitri Payet : While at Le Havre, Payet endured a tumultuous four years.
Dimitri Payet : Due to his performances domestically and international, Payet drew interest from several clubs, notably English clubs Chelsea and Liverpool.
Dimitri Payet : Due to focusing its efforts on performing well in four competitions, Saint-Étienne finished one spot short of relegation in the league.
Dimitri Payet : The accusations ultimately led to his departure in 2003 as Payet returned to Réunion to sign with AS Excelsior.
Dimitri Payet : Three days later, he came on for the last 30 minutes against Luxembourg and again assisted Gourcuff for a goal.
Dimitri Payet : Having been absent from the French squad since then, Payet was recalled in March 2016 for a squad to play the Netherlands and Russia.
Dimitri Payet : In the 2005–06 season, Payet quickly established himself as one of the best players on the reserve team.
Dimitri Payet : He was then confronted by Matuidi, who echoed Benalouane's sentiments.
Dimitri Payet : The player was, subsequently, linked with Sochaux and Saint-Étienne.
Dimitri Payet : In a reversal of fortune, despite Payet's sub-par season, Saint-Étienne finished in fifth place, which meant qualification to the UEFA Cup.
Dimitri Payet : One dark spot during the campaign was a straight red card in an embarrassing 5–2 loss to Valenciennes.
Dimitri Payet : Payet and Matuidi suddenly went face-to-face with the former player delivering a blow to Matuidi's head before the two were separated by referee Bruno Coue and teammates.
Dimitri Payet : Payet agreed to a four-year contract, while the transfer fee was priced at €9 million with future incentives to be included later.
Dimitri Payet : Six days later, Payet was substituted at half-time in a 1–0 away friendly defeat by Albania.
Dimitri Payet : As a result of the incident, Payet was substituted out after 31 minutes and sanctioned by club president Roland Romeyer.
Dimitri Payet : Payet featured in European competition for the first time after playing in the 2008–09 edition of the UEFA Cup.
Dimitri Payet : Payet was born in Saint-Pierre on the island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean and began his career at local club AS Saint-Philippe.
Dimitri Payet : A set-piece specialist, known for his accurate, bending free kicks, he primarily plays as an attacking midfielder, and is described as a player who is "blessed with terrific technique and dribbling skills".
Dimitri Payet : On 26 June 2015, Payet joined Premier League club West Ham United on a five-year contract, with the option for an extra 12 months.
Dimitri Payet : The free-kick, described by local media as "superb and untouchable," was the only goal in the team's upset victory.
Dimitri Payet : On 6 October 2010, following both Payet and Matuidi's call up to the national team, Payet described the incident as "an argument that had no place" and that "the incident was explained and the two were on new ground."
Dimitri Payet : Midway through the first half, Payet received criticism from teammate Yohan Benalouane for displaying a lack of aggression.
Dimitri Payet : In the 2008–09 season, Payet return to the form that resulted in Saint-Étienne signing the player.
Dimitri Payet : He scored his first league goal for the club on 29 September 2008 in a 1–1 draw with Bordeaux, netting the opener.
Dimitri Payet : His influential play with the team resulted in the player being called up to the senior team in December 2005 by manager Serge Le Dizet.
Dimitri Payet : In January 2011, he was linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain as the Parisian club looked to immediately replace the departed Stéphane Sessègnon.
Dimitri Payet : He spent only a year and a half at Excelsior playing in the Réunion Premier League before being signed in January 2005 by Nantes who sought to give the player another opportunity to prove himself on the mainland.
Dimitri Payet : Payet ultimately decided to sign with "Les Verts", stating the move to the club was a "straightforward logical answer" and that Saint-Étienne "can offer me the opportunity to play, which is a priority."
Dimitri Payet : He made his club debut on 4 August 2007 in a 1–1 draw with Monaco.
Dimitri Payet : After only a year at Saint-Pierroise, Payet was signed by professional club Le Havre in metropolitan France, with whom his club shared a mutual partnership.
Dimitri Payet : In his first season at Saint-Étienne, Payet struggled to assert himself into the team.
Dimitri Payet : After appearing in a league match against Toulouse on 4 February, Payet was relegated back to the reserve team for the rest of the season.
Dimitri Payet : On 22 July 2009, Payet signed a two-year contract extension with the club until 2013.
Dimitri Payet : Following Nantes' relegation, Payet's desire to remain in the first division led the player to issuing a transfer request.
Dimitri Payet : He impressed with the team in 22 matches scoring six goals and was described by the club's reserve team coach Stéphane Moreau as a "talented player despite his natural indifference".
Dimitri Payet : Prior to the start of the season, he was given the honour of captaining Saint-Étienne in a friendly match against the Réunion national team in the player's return to the island.
Dimitri Payet : Payet was called up to the senior national team for the first time by Laurent Blanc for the Euro 2012 qualifying matches against Romania and Luxembourg.
Dimitri Payet : Ahead of the 2006–07 season, Payet signed a three-year professional contract with Nantes.
Dimitri Payet : Payet returned to Saint-Étienne's line-up for the following match against Lyon on 12 February.
Dimitri Payet : On 28 June 2011, Saint-Étienne manager Christophe Galtier confirmed that Payet was on the verge of signing with the defending league champions Lille after the player himself informed him the previous day.
Dimitri Payet : For his performances, Payet was awarded the UNFP Player of the Month award for September.
Dimitri Payet : He made his debut for the team in February 2007 in a friendly match against Switzerland, and assisted a Jérémy Ménez goal.
Dimitri Payet : On his debut, he scored the opening goal in a 2–1 win.
Dimitri Payet : While at the club as a youth, he was described by coaches as "a kid who stood out from his comrades" and, after three years of development training, moved to one of the best clubs on the island, JS Saint-Pierroise.
Dimitri Payet : Despite the successful individual season by Payet, Nantes ultimately finished the season in 19th place and were relegated, which meant the club would play in Ligue 2 for the first time since 1963.
Dimitri Payet : Dimitri Payet (; born 29 March 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Olympique de Marseille and the France national team.
Dimitri Payet : Payet appeared in 30 league matches scoring four goals and supplying six assists in the season.
Dimitri Payet : Upon his arrival at Nantes, Payet was inserted onto the club's reserve team in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth level of football in France.
Dimitri Payet : He made his debut in the competition on 18 September in the first leg of the team's first round tie against Israeli club Hapoel Tel Aviv.
Dimitri Payet : On 18 May 2010, Payet was involved in a physical altercation with teammate and captain Blaise Matuidi during the team's 1–0 defeat to Toulouse.
Dimitri Payet : He made his debut in the former on 9 October 2010, coming on as a substitute for Karim Benzema in the 86th minute and assisted Yoann Gourcuff's goal to make it 2–0.
Dimitri Payet : Payet made his professional debut on 19 December in a league match against Bordeaux appearing as a substitute in a 0–0 draw.
Dimitri Payet : After the winter break, Payet remained with the senior team and scored his first professional goal in a 4–1 win over Metz.
Dimitri Payet : Payet scored his first goal on 7 June 2015, coming on for Mathieu Valbuena in the 73rd minute to net France's third goal 16 minutes later, in a 4–3 home friendly defeat by Belgium.
Dimitri Payet : Two weeks later, Payet started again and scored the opening goal in a 2–1 win against Marseille.
Dimitri Payet : In the 2009–10 season, Payet remained consistent appearing in 35 league matches scoring two goals and providing six assists.
Dimitri Payet : After the summer, Payet put the past behind him and opened the 2010–11 season by scoring seven goals in the first two months of domestic play.
Harry Kewell : I can't wait to get started, it's just what I'm looking forward to, a new challenge."
Harry Kewell : To blame the Galatasaray club for the tragedy in Istanbul is simply wrong and discriminatory."
Harry Kewell : He also thanked his wife and friends for the support shown to him while he recovered from injury.
Harry Kewell : I felt that it might be a way to demonstrate that I had not forgotten where it all started and I was hoping that in a small way it would help the healing process of the tragedy that occurred on 5 April 2000.
Harry Kewell : He was described as fully professional with a charming character, always smiling and dedicated to his family.
Harry Kewell : This was the 150th red card issued in a World Cup match.
Harry Kewell : Because of injuries, his future at Liverpool was uncertain.
Harry Kewell : Kewell also has a British passport through his father's heritage.
Harry Kewell : He is a member of the Executive Committee of the Australian Professional Footballers' Association.
Harry Kewell : He also re-stated the severity of the injury which had forced him off in the final and told his doubters that they were misguided to question the severity of his injury.
Harry Kewell : Kewell left Leeds under acrimonious circumstances.
Harry Kewell : Australia ultimately lost the shootout and were eliminated from the competition.
Harry Kewell : Australia only needed a draw to qualify for the round of 16.
Harry Kewell : Former German international Michael Ballack has also highlighted Kewell's ability and inconsistency.
Harry Kewell : It allowed Melbourne Victory a hope of making the finals with six matches remaining.
Harry Kewell : During his time at Westfields Sports High School, Kewell played at representative level for both school and club competitions.
Harry Kewell : On 30 April 2007, Kewell made his comeback after almost a year out of club football.
Harry Kewell : It was also revealed that Kewell would wear number 99 for the 2010–11 season.
Harry Kewell : As of May 2008, Kewell became the face of Australian men's fashion brand Politix.
Harry Kewell : On 21 July, the details of Kewell's contract were revealed: he would receive a lump sum fee of €1.8 million and a salary of €30,000 per match.
Harry Kewell : Kewell denied rumours that he was behind a supposed rift in "the Socceroos" camp.
Harry Kewell : The team played games against the junior team of Milan, as well as apprenticeship sides in England.
Harry Kewell : Many believed that if Kewell could stay injury free until the season's end he would be offered the chance to remain with the club.
Harry Kewell : He is also an avid supporter of Australian rugby league club Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs of the National Rugby League.
Harry Kewell : Coach Mehmet Durakovic rated his performance as "phenomenal" and went on to say, "Harry's really a professional footballer, and should be ready for 8 October."
Harry Kewell : It was the first time Australia had qualified for the World Cup since 1974 when it was held in West Germany.
Harry Kewell : His last match was on 12 April against Western Sydney Wanderers.
Harry Kewell : The couple married in Las Vegas, Nevada, on 24 May 2002 and have four children, son Taylor (born 2001) and daughters Ruby (born 2003), Matilda (born 2008) and Dolly (born 2012).
Harry Kewell : Both were successful during their trials at Leeds, however only Kewell was able to take up the club's offer due to his father's English heritage, which satisfied the visa requirements.
Harry Kewell : His fourth goal came from a free-kick just outside the box against Gold Coast United in Launceston, Tasmania, on 1 February 2012.
Harry Kewell : His first goal came in Australia's first match, against India, with a left-footed shot from outside the penalty area.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was handed the famous number seven shirt, surrendered by Vladimír Šmicer.
Harry Kewell : Kewell did not continue with the club after his first season and returned to Europe to be closer to his mother-in-law as she battled cancer.
Harry Kewell : In training for his matchday 5 return, Kewell suffered an ankle injury.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was born in Smithfield, Sydney.
Harry Kewell : He did not start for Australia in their second group match against Brazil, but again came on as a substitute, missing an early opportunity when Brazilian goalkeeper Dida punched the ball out dangerously.
Harry Kewell : Kewell travelled to England with his future Socceroo teammate Brett Emerton.
Harry Kewell : The gamble proved unsuccessful, and an injured Kewell was substituted early in the first half with a torn abductor muscle.
Harry Kewell : After a slow start to his debut A-League season, he started to get his talented form back, resulting in a few best on ground performances.
Harry Kewell : Around that time, he was flatmates with Leeds goalkeeper Nicky Byrne, who would later become a member of boyband Westlife.
Harry Kewell : Galatasaray offered a new one-year contract, but it is believed that Kewell preferred a longer-term contract.
Harry Kewell : In a related matter, Kewell sued Lineker in 2005 for defamation of character, but, with the jury unable to agree on a verdict, the parties had to settle out of court.
Harry Kewell : Galatsaray qualified for the group stage phase.
Harry Kewell : His chances of a new contract were hindered, however; when seeking games and match fitness, he travelled with his national team to play in a game against Singapore.
Harry Kewell : After the loss, Kewell said that the morale of the team remained high, ahead of a clash against Ghana.
Harry Kewell : At age 15, Kewell was offered the opportunity to travel back to England and trial with Premiership football club Leeds United for a period of four weeks as part of the Big Brother Movement in Australia.
Harry Kewell : Following a solid but not sensational season at Galatasaray, there had been continual speculation that Kewell could be heading back home to Australia, with the Newcastle Jets reportedly a keen investor.
Harry Kewell : After his return, Liverpool manager Rafael Benítez stated on the club's website and to other members of the media that a new contract for Kewell to continue his career at Anfield was not out of the question.
Harry Kewell : Galatasaray ended up winning the match and proceeding to the round of 16.
Harry Kewell : Following medical consultations in Australia, it was announced on 12 December 2008 that Kewell would need surgery to repair an inguinal hernia, and the operation took place on 15 December 2008.
Harry Kewell : Speculation on whether he was to be selected in Liverpool's upcoming Champions League final in Athens rapidly became positive for Kewell after providing an excellent game against Charlton.
Harry Kewell : In May 2008, it was revealed Liverpool would not be offering Kewell a new contract at the club.
Harry Kewell : Standing on the goal line, Kewell attempted to block the ball from entering the goal net with his chest, however the ball ricocheted off his arm; he received a straight red card for the offence on the 24-minute.
Harry Kewell : It also emerged during the summer of 2005 that Kewell had been playing throughout the season with an undiagnosed sports hernia, also known as "Gilmore's groin".
Harry Kewell : Kewell is married to English soap actress Sheree Murphy, whom he met at the Majestyk nightclub in Leeds in 2000.
Harry Kewell : He netted 9 times in 17 league appearances, playing as the main striker in most matches due to an injured Milan Baroš.
Harry Kewell : Benítez revealed that Kewell was in extra training with the reserves in a bid to win a new contract.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was sent off in the Leeds United-Galatasaray 1999–2000 UEFA Cup semi-final match.
Harry Kewell : He came on as a 55th-minute substitute for Liverpool Reserves in a "mini-derby" against Everton Reserves.
Harry Kewell : It was later confirmed by Liverpool that he had torn a groin muscle, but was expected to be fit for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Harry Kewell : After the match, Kewell said that he was devastated by the decision made by referee Roberto Rosetti and felt that the red card "killed" his World Cup dream.
Harry Kewell : A penalty shootout was required to break the deadlock and Kewell's first penalty shot for Australia was stopped.
Harry Kewell : With the current terms of his contractual commitments to Al-Garafa completed, Kewell was seen back in Melbourne around 48 hours later, with his future career uncertain.
Harry Kewell : A then-record crowd for a football match in Australia of 85,513 – at the Melbourne Cricket Ground – witnessed the second leg of the World Cup qualifier against Iran, as well as Kewell's second goal.
Harry Kewell : Under coach Frank Rijkaard, Galatasaray finished third on the 2010–11 Süper Lig table, thereby qualifying for the 2010–11 Europa League third qualifying round, where Kewell's contract with Galatasaray expired after the 2009–10 season.
Harry Kewell : In the 2009–10 season, Kewell scored 14 goals in 28 matches in all competitions.
Harry Kewell : Iran eventually drew level and the game resulted in a 1–1 draw, which set up a tense return game in Melbourne.
Harry Kewell : Finishing on top of their group, Galatasaray were eliminated at the quarter-final stage against Antalyaspor.
Harry Kewell : On 16 July 2010, it was revealed that Kewell had rejected an approach from A-League side Gold Coast United in favour of staying in Europe.
Harry Kewell : This was the first time Kewell had been out of the country but provided him his first taste of football in Europe, having also attended a Premier League match for the first time as a spectator.
Harry Kewell : At age 14, Kewell travelled to Thailand, Italy and England with the successful Marconi under-14 team that had recently won the state titles.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was controversially selected by manager Rafael Benítez ahead of the defensive midfielder Dietmar Hamann, signalling the club's intent to attack from the outset.
Harry Kewell : During the match against Ghana on 19 June, Kewell was sent off for blocking a goal by handling the ball.
Harry Kewell : Kewell returned to England with a groin strain, unfortunately leaving less time to prove himself worthy of a new deal.
Harry Kewell : He then came on as a substitute in the Premier League and Champions League against Blackburn and Beşiktaş respectively.
Harry Kewell : Playing mostly in a left midfield role and in attack, Kewell became one of Leeds' young stars in a troop of highly promising youngsters, eventually playing alongside fellow Australian Mark Viduka.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was injured for the start of the 2007–08 season, and he faced an uncertain future at Liverpool having suffered yet another injury, which sidelined him for the first month of the Premier League season.
Harry Kewell : Kewell received his early schooling at Smithfield Public School and secondary schooling at St. Johns Park High School before transferring to Westfield Sports High School.
Harry Kewell : He played in the New South Wales Youth League representing the under-13 to under-15 Marconi Stallions teams, coached by Stephen Treloar, while also attending other specialised training with the NSW Junior Soccer Academy, coached by David Lee.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was considered instrumental in "the Socceroos"' defeat of Uruguay, turning the course of the match after he came on as a substitute.
Harry Kewell : Former Middlesbrough midfielder-turned pundit Robbie Mustoe named Kewell as one of the greatest players he had played against but questioned his consistency and attitude after his initial injuries.
Harry Kewell : He scored 45 goals in over 180 appearances for Leeds over eight years.
Harry Kewell : On 19 July 2010, Galatasaray announced via its official website that the parties had agreed to a one-year extension of Kewell's contract.
Harry Kewell : Kewell kicked off his 2004–05 season poorly, failing to score in his first 14 matches, due to injury problems.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was reported to FIFA by referee Markus Merk for verbal abuse after the match but he escaped being sanctioned.
Harry Kewell : Kewell made his debut on 7 April as a substitute against Al Sadd.
Harry Kewell : On 16 November 2005, Australia qualified for the 2006 World Cup after they defeated Uruguay.
Harry Kewell : He was taken off in the 77-minute which resulted in Melbourne Victory having a few less chances of scoring.
Harry Kewell : In January, fellow "Socceroo" teammate and captain Lucas Neill would join Kewell at Galatasaray after he was transferred from Everton.
Harry Kewell : Kewell responded and in an open letter he stated, "I chose the No 19 shirt when I signed for Galatasaray SK as a sign of respect for Leeds because that was the number I got when I first became a regular member of the Leeds United starting XI.
Harry Kewell : Melbourne was hyped up with "Kewell Fever" with many hundreds of fans welcoming him at Melbourne Airport and over two thousand fans attending AAMI Park, where he was given his number 22 jersey by chairman Anthony Di Pietro.
Harry Kewell : In 2012, Kewell was named Australia's greatest footballer in a vote by Australian fans, players and media.
Harry Kewell : In November 2005, after recovering from the injury sustained during the final, Kewell spoke to the official Liverpool website, saying that he had a strong desire to repay his manager Rafael Benítez for showing confidence in him by fielding him in the Champions League final.
Harry Kewell : Kewell's form for Liverpool in the 2005–06 FA Premier League season showed what he was truly capable of, scoring goals and plenty of assists, lending support to his assertion that his prior mediocre performance was the result of poor health rather than apathy.
Harry Kewell : The high point of this period was when Kewell helped Leeds to the semi-final of the UEFA Champions League in 2000–01.
Harry Kewell : Of the nine matches that Kewell had scored in before his injury, Galatasaray had won them all, including two UEFA Cup matches, six Süper Lig matches and a Turkish Super Cup match.
Harry Kewell : In an interview given to the BBC shortly before his move to Liverpool, Kewell strongly criticised the staff at the club, stating that the medical staff loved Lucas Radebe and that his teammates had ostracised him.
Harry Kewell : Having rejected more financially enticing offers from Milan, Chelsea, Manchester United, Arsenal and Barcelona, Kewell moved to the club he supported as a boy, Liverpool for the start of the 2003–04 season.
Harry Kewell : In the 1999–2000 season, on the back of his most successful season at Leeds where he also won PFA Young Player of the Year was selected in the PFA Team of the Year, Italian giants Internazionale had bid £25 million for Kewell, but Leeds rejected the offer, citing his value to their side.
Harry Kewell : His goal, however, was not enough to seal the match, as Melbourne conceded a late goal in the last minute from Gold Coast's Michael Thwaite to end in a 1–1 draw.
Harry Kewell : On 19 May 2011, Kewell's wife, Sheree Murphy, posted on Twitter that Harry would play his last game for Galatasary against Konyaspor because no contract had been offered to him.
Harry Kewell : On 5 July 2008, reigning Turkish Süper Lig champions Galatasaray signed Kewell to a two-year contract, presenting him with the number 19 shirt.
Harry Kewell : Due to suspected gout, (later diagnosed as septic arthritis – a bacterial infection in the joints of his left foot) Kewell was unable to play against Italy in the knockout stage, which Australia lost 1–0 and saw Australia eliminated from the tournament.
Harry Kewell : On 5 May 2007, he came on as a substitute in the second half of Liverpool's match against Fulham at Craven Cottage, having not played for Liverpool since his substitution in the 2006 FA Cup final.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his fifth goal against Central Coast Mariners on 10 February from a cracking volley in the box which helped Melbourne get a crucial 2–1 win over the top side.
Harry Kewell : Harold Kewell (; born 22 September 1978) is an Australian football coach and former player who was most recently the manager of English club Notts County.
Harry Kewell : Liverpool were losing 1–0 at the time and Kewell was booed off the pitch by Liverpool fans with many suggesting he had faked the injury.
Harry Kewell : Two weeks later, on 6 December, he scored after 56 minutes in a 1–1 draw to İstanbul BŞB.
Harry Kewell : Galatasaray finished in eighth spot on the Süper Lig table with 46 points, as Kewell scored 5 goals in 20 appearances for the 2010–11 season.
Harry Kewell : In June 2013, it was announced that Kewell would play for Melbourne Heart in the 2013–14 A-League season.
Harry Kewell : Kewell provided a cross in for Dirk Kuyt to assist towards a Xabi Alonso goal and then scored a penalty on the 90th minute.
Harry Kewell : In November 1997, Kewell was selected to play for Australia in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Iran.
Harry Kewell : Kewell played in the 2006 FA Cup final, only to be substituted in the 48th minute due to abdominal pains (the supporters reaction this time was more sympathetic compared to the previous year's Champions League final).
Harry Kewell : Australia went on to win 2–1 with Kewell playing a vital part for the national team in the first half.
Harry Kewell : On 23 October 2008, Kewell scored the only goal in Galatasaray's UEFA Cup win over Olympiacos.
Harry Kewell : On 25 May 2005, Kewell became the only Australian-born player (Craig Johnston was born in South Africa) to win the UEFA Champions League, playing in Liverpool's win over Milan in the 2005 Champions League final on penalties.
Harry Kewell : Australia then played Uzbekistan, winning 2–0 with Kewell scoring a penalty.
Harry Kewell : Two weeks later, he scored in a 2–0 win to Sivasspor at home on 1 November.
Harry Kewell : Kewell's transfer was controversial because it was alleged by former England captain Gary Lineker in an article in July 2003 that a significant portion (£2 million of the £5 million) went to Kewell's unregistered agent Bernie Mandic to ensure that he ended up at Anfield.
Harry Kewell : Asamoah Gyan went on to score the resulting penalty and the game was drawn 1–1, severely damaging Australia's hopes of progressing past the group stage.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was made captain for Australia's qualifier against Iraq at Suncorp Stadium on 1 June 2008.
Harry Kewell : Following the first match of the season against Melbourne Victory, Kewell was diagnosed with whiplash, ruling him out for three weeks.
Harry Kewell : "The Socceroos" eventually stretched their lead to two goals but Iran fought back and scored two vital away goals to finish the game 2–2 and qualify for the 1998 World Cup in France on away goals.
Harry Kewell : His second goal for the club came in the first league match of the season against Denizlispor, which Galatasaray won 4–1.
Harry Kewell : He was also awarded Man of the Match for his performance, which made him the second Australian to win the Man of the Match award at a World Cup after Tim Cahill who had won the award earlier in the tournament for his performance against Japan.
Harry Kewell : On 12 March 2009, during the UEFA Cup round of 16 match against Hamburger SV, Kewell had to play as a centre-back for 40 minutes after the sending off of teammate Emre Aşık, but managed to fulfill the role adequately despite playing out of position.
Harry Kewell : On 20 August 2011, it was announced Kewell had signed a three-year contract with A-League club Melbourne Victory.
Harry Kewell : On 6 April 2013, Kewell signed to Al-Gharafa in the Qatar Stars League for the remainder of the 2012–13 season as an injury replacement for fellow Australian Mark Bresciano.
Harry Kewell : Kewell returned as a substitute in Liverpool's League Cup victory over Cardiff City on 31 October, coming on in the 71st minute.
Harry Kewell : Kewell finished his third and final game of the season in Qatar with his only goal, against Qatar SC on 18 April.
Harry Kewell : After the group stage, in the quarter-final against Japan, Kewell was sent on to the pitch to replace Mark Viduka in the 61st minute, in a 1–1 draw.
Harry Kewell : Kewell became the youngest player to debut for the Australia national team when he played against Chile on 24 April 1996, aged 17 years and 7 months.
Harry Kewell : He scored the only goal with a header in the 47th minute as Australia won 1–0.
Harry Kewell : Kewell completed his first ever season at Anfield equal second with Emile Heskey by scoring seven goals, nine behind Michael Owen as Liverpool's top goalscorer for the 2003–04 Premier League season.
Harry Kewell : Kewell has represented Australia at the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship, the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup, where Australia finished runners-up, the 2004 OFC Nations Cup, which Australia claimed for the fourth time, the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the 2007 AFC Asian Cup, the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the 2011 AFC Asian Cup, where Australia finished runners-up.
Harry Kewell : On 13 May 2007, Kewell came on as a substitute in the second half against Charlton Athletic in the last match of the Premier League season, where he scored his last ever goal for the club.
Harry Kewell : His transfer to Galatasaray provoked strong criticism from fans and teammates of his former club Leeds United as he was a Leeds player when two of their fans were killed in clashes before a UEFA Cup semi-final against Galatasaray in Istanbul in April 2000.
Harry Kewell : In 1997, Kewell was part of the Leeds United youth-team that claimed the 1996–97 FA Youth Cup final in a 3–1 aggregate win against Crystal Palace.
Harry Kewell : He played in the Champions League final in Athens, appearing as a second-half substitute for Boudewijn Zenden, however Liverpool lost the final 2–1 to Milan.
Harry Kewell : One week later, Kewell played in Galatasaray's first Turkish Cup match where they drew 1–1 with Ankaraspor.
Harry Kewell : Kewell found himself unable to make the team after Liverpool's FA Cup defeat to Barnsley.
Harry Kewell : Kewell would then score in a 5–0 win against Estonia's Levadia Tallinn on 20 August 2009.
Harry Kewell : On 15 August 2009, Kewell scored two penalties in a 4–1 home win to Denizlispor.
Harry Kewell : Kewell made his first appearance in the 2011–12 A-League season in a 0–0 draw against Sydney FC on 8 October in front of an attendance of 40,000 at Etihad Stadium.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his first goal for the Victory from a penalty against Gold Coast United on 26 November 2011 at AAMI Park, Melbourne, after teammate Archie Thompson was brought down in the box in the first minute.
Harry Kewell : His first match for the youth team was against Sunderland in 1995, and he scored his first hat-trick against Rotherham on 7 December 1996.
Harry Kewell : Kewell also finished as Liverpool's top scorer in the 2003–04 UEFA Cup, scoring goals against Olimpija Ljubljana, Steaua București and Levski Sofia which ended Kewell's season total of ten goals.
Harry Kewell : On 2 November 2008, Kewell scored his fourth league goal in Galatasaray's home win over Gaziantepspor, after a week full of overwhelming speculations in the Turkish media about his injury.
Harry Kewell : On 26 March, it was announced that Kewell would retire from professional football at the end of the A-League season.
Harry Kewell : On 18 February, Kewell scored two goals at Suncorp Stadium to give Melbourne a hope of drawing against Brisbane Roar in a classic 3–2 loss.
Harry Kewell : On 31 December 2011, at Suncorp Stadium in Brisbane, Kewell scored his second goal in the fourth minute from a cracking shot outside of the box.
Harry Kewell : During the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds, Kewell scored Galatasaray's second goal in a 4–1 away win against Israeli club Maccabi Netanya on 30 July 2009.
Harry Kewell : In a 2009–10 Turkish Cup play-off, Kewell scored in a 2–1 win against Bucaspor on 28 October 2009 to put the side into the group stage phase of the tournament.
Harry Kewell : Kewell played in Australia's opening game of the 2006 World Cup against Japan in Kaiserslautern.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored a goal against Croatia which took Australia through to the knockout stages of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the Australian national team's second World Cup.
Harry Kewell : Kewell played his first friendly against Adelaide United on 23 August at Hindmarsh Stadium, coming off at half-time.
Harry Kewell : In the return leg on 5 November 2009, he scored after 22 minutes in an eventual 3–0 Galatasaray victory.
Harry Kewell : On 19 December, Kewell would score his ninth and final goal for Galatasaray in the 2009–10 season in a 1–0 win to Gençlerbirliği, where he netted on the 77-minute.
Harry Kewell : His first goal of the 2007–08 season was for the Liverpool reserve team in their 2–0 win over rivals Manchester United.
Harry Kewell : In a UEFA Cup round of 32 match against Bordeaux, Kewell scored a goal from 35 metres from goal, bringing the score to 2–1.
Harry Kewell : On 7 February 2011, Kewell scored Galatasaray's third goal in a 4–2 win against Eskişehirspor, he was substituted off the field after 63 minutes for Milan Baroš, who would then score Galatasaray's fourth goal.
Harry Kewell : On 22 October 2009, Kewell scored in a 4–1 win over Dinamo București in Istanbul.
Harry Kewell : At the Azadi Stadium in Tehran, in front of an estimated crowd of 100,000, Kewell scored his first ever goal for his country and gave Australia a 1–0 lead.
Harry Kewell : Kewell opened the scoring after 27 minutes as Galatasary beat Kasımpaşa 3–0 on 5 December 2010.
Harry Kewell : Almost two weeks later, on 31 August, he scored a goal after 74 minutes in a 2–0 away win to Ankaraspor on matchday 4 of the Süper Lig season.
Harry Kewell : Kewell did not play in Australia's opening game of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, a 4–0 loss to Germany.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was handed his first team debut at age 17 in a 1–0 home defeat against Middlesbrough on 30 March 1996.
Harry Kewell : Just five days later, in an away game against Antalyaspor, the game was locked at 2–2 until after 67 minutes Kewell broke the deadlock to win the match for Galatasaray 3–2 on 11 December.
Harry Kewell : By matchday 13, Kewell scored his sixth goal of the domestic season in a 1–1 draw to Manisaspor on 22 November.
Harry Kewell : Kewell was also one of Liverpool's best performers in the FA Cup semi-final win over Chelsea which Liverpool won 2–1.
Harry Kewell : Kewell made his debut for Galatasaray in the Turkish Super Cup where he came on as a substitute on the 66th minute, scoring his first goal for Galatasaray just 20 seconds later with his first touch in the 2–1 win over Kayserispor, while also providing the assist for the second goal.
Harry Kewell : The first goal he scored for Leeds came some time later, in October 1997, in a 3–1 League Cup victory over Stoke City.
Harry Kewell : Kewell made his debut for Liverpool in the opening game of the 2003–04 Premier League season, a 2–1 home loss to Chelsea on 17 August 2003.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his first goal of the 2010–11 season in a 1–0 win against Gaziantepspor on 14 September 2010.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his last goal for Galatasaray in a 3–2 away win against Gençlerbirliği on 15 May 2011.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his ninth international goal for Australia in a 4–0 win over Thailand in the Asian Cup.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his first ever goal for Liverpool in a 3–0 away win over great rivals Everton in the Merseyside derby with a great first time strike.
Harry Kewell : Kewell continued his fine form in the semi-final against Uzbekistan by opening the scoring in the first five minutes, helping his side to a 6–0 win and progress to the final, where they were beaten 1–0 by Japan.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored his fourth goal of the campaign in a 4–3 win to Trabzonspor on 18 October.
Harry Kewell : Kewell scored Australia's second goal in the 79th minute against Croatia to equal the score at 2–2 and qualify for the round of 16 for the first time.
Harry Kewell : Kewell also scored the third goal against Qatar in Australia's 3–1 win to put them into the final qualification round.
Michael Stipe : "That voice.
Michael Stipe : I can't even remember them."
Michael Stipe : If I tried to control it, it would be pretty false."
Michael Stipe : Stipe was the last to do so.
Michael Stipe : "In 1987 and '88 there was nothing to do but be active."
Michael Stipe : However, they did not manage to compose or record anything before Cobain's death.
Michael Stipe : was to write lyrics and devise melodies.
Michael Stipe : "I often tell him I think he's a crooner, and he doesn't like that very much.
Michael Stipe : songs had definite lyrics that Stipe wrote with care.
Michael Stipe : It's an extraordinary voice", said U2's lead singer Bono in 2003.
Michael Stipe : Both Stipe and Amos decided not to release it.
Michael Stipe : was tricked into playing a show in Homer Simpson's garage.
Michael Stipe : He was also credited as a producer of the 2004 film "Saved!"
Michael Stipe : became mainstream music stars.
Michael Stipe : Stipe also worked at the local Waffle House.
Michael Stipe : I think there's a line drawn between gay and queer, and for me, queer describes something that's more inclusive of the grey areas."
Michael Stipe : "Automatic for the People" dealt with "mortality and dying.
Michael Stipe : When asked if he ever declares himself as gay, Stipe stated, "I don't.
Michael Stipe : Records for the release of the "Chronic Town" EP one year later.
Michael Stipe : incorporated more politically oriented concerns into his lyrics on "Document" and "Green".
Michael Stipe : He recorded a song with Miguel Bose on the album "Papito" "Lo que ves es lo que hay".
Michael Stipe : The design depicts a concert audience from the view of the performer on stage.
Michael Stipe : dropped out of school in 1980 to focus on the band.
Michael Stipe : In 1995, he appeared on the cover of "Out" magazine.
Michael Stipe : Around 1992, rumors that Stipe had contracted HIV began to circulate.
Michael Stipe : Stipe has made a number of acting appearances on film and on television.
Michael Stipe : Stipe commented in 1984, "It's just the way I sing.
Michael Stipe : "He was a striking-looking guy and he also bought weird records, which not everyone in the store did", Buck recalled.
Michael Stipe : But it is sort of one part some sort of Bing Crosby '50s laid-back crooner, and one part Dolly Parton", he added, laughing.
Michael Stipe : After the album was released, relationships in the band remained tense.
Michael Stipe : He was a military brat; his father was a serviceman in the United States Army whose career resulted in frequent relocations for his family.
Michael Stipe : traveled to England to record their third album "Fables of the Reconstruction", a difficult process that brought the band to the verge of a break up.
Michael Stipe : "Our political activism and the content of the songs was just a reaction to where we were, and what we were surrounded by, which was just abject horror," Stipe said later.
Michael Stipe : He also appeared as a guest on the Cartoon Network talk show spoof "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" in the episode 'Hungry'.
Michael Stipe : Stipe reiterated this in a 2004 interview with "Butt" magazine.
Michael Stipe : In 1998, he worked on Single Cell Pictures, a film production company which released several arthouse / indie movies.
Michael Stipe : The band issued its debut single, "Radio Free Europe", on Hib-Tone, which was a college radio success.
Michael Stipe : Stipe collaborated with Lacoste in 2008 to release his own "holiday collector edition" brand of polo shirt.
Michael Stipe : Pretty turgid stuff", according to Stipe; "Monster," meanwhile, critiqued love and mass culture, and "Reveal" dipped into mysticism.
Michael Stipe : Their second album, "Reckoning", followed in 1984.
Michael Stipe : In the mid-1980s, as Stipe's pronunciation while singing became clearer, the band decided that its lyrics should convey ideas on a more literal level.
Michael Stipe : Stipe and his family moved to various locales during his childhood, including West Germany, Texas, Illinois, and Alabama.
Michael Stipe : One version, recorded in a collaboration with Coldplay's Chris Martin, reached number one on the Canadian Singles Chart.
Michael Stipe : Stipe's vocals and lyrics received particular attention from listeners.
Michael Stipe : Stipe appeared in an episode of "The Adventures of Pete & Pete" as an ice cream man named Captain Scrummy.
Michael Stipe : With the success of the albums "Out of Time" (1991) and "Automatic for the People" (1992), R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : Stipe insisted that many of his early lyrics were "nonsense", saying in a 1994 online chat, "You all know there aren't words, "per se", to a lot of the early stuff.
Michael Stipe : Mills explained, "After you've made three records and you've written several songs and they've gotten better and better lyrically the next step would be to have somebody question you and say, are you saying anything?
Michael Stipe : While each member was given an equal vote in the songwriting process, Peter Buck has conceded that Stipe, as the band's lyricist, could rarely be persuaded to follow an idea he did not favor.
Michael Stipe : Stipe had planned a collaboration with friend Kurt Cobain, lead singer of Nirvana, in 1994, partly in an attempt to lure Cobain away from his home and his drug addiction.
Michael Stipe : And Michael had the confidence at that point to say yes ..." After what Stipe has referred to as "The Dark Ages of American Politics [The Reagan/Bush Years]", R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : recorded the song "Let Me In" from the 1994 album "Monster" in tribute to Cobain.
Michael Stipe : Also in 2006, Stipe appeared on the song "Broken Promise" on the Placebo release "Meds".
Michael Stipe : Early articles about the band focused on Stipe's singing style (described as "mumbling" by "The Washington Post"), which often rendered his lyrics indecipherable.
Michael Stipe : Stipe voiced Schnitzel the Reindeer in the 1999 movie "Olive, the Other Reindeer" and appeared in the 1996 film "Color of a Brisk and Leaping Day".
Michael Stipe : Stipe often harmonizes with Mills in songs; in the chorus for "Stand", Mills and Stipe alternate singing lyrics, creating a dialogue.
Michael Stipe : In 1978, he graduated from high school in Collinsville, Illinois.
Michael Stipe : While Stipe continued to write songs with political subject matter like "Ignoreland" and "Final Straw", later albums have focused on other topics.
Michael Stipe : 's visual aspect, often selecting album artwork and directing many of the band's music videos.
Michael Stipe : In 1998, Stipe published a collection called "Two Times Intro: On the Road with Patti Smith."
Michael Stipe : released its debut album "Murmur" in 1983, which was acclaimed by critics.
Michael Stipe : Stipe and Tori Amos became friends in the mid-1990s and recorded a duet in 1994 called "It Might Hurt a Bit" for the "Don Juan DeMarco" motion picture soundtrack.
Michael Stipe : Stipe described himself as a "queer artist" in "Time" in 2001 and revealed that he had been in a relationship with "an amazing man" for three years at that point.
Michael Stipe : Stipe was chosen as the godfather of Cobain and Courtney Love's daughter, Frances Bean Cobain.
Michael Stipe : Stipe explained in 1984 that when he started writing lyrics they were like "simple pictures", but after a year he grew tired of the approach and "started experimenting with lyrics that didn't make exact linear sense, and it's just gone from there."
Michael Stipe : The two had previously collaborated on two books, both in 1998: "The Haiku Year" (for which the two had both contributed haiku) and Martin's book of poetry "Servicing the Salamander" (for which Stipe took the cover photograph).
Michael Stipe : While attending college at the University of Georgia in Athens, Stipe frequented the Wuxtry record shop, where he met store clerk Peter Buck in 1980.
Michael Stipe : In 2006, Stipe released an EP that comprised six different cover versions of Joseph Arthur's "In The Sun" for the Hurricane Katrina disaster relief fund.
Michael Stipe : In truth, many early R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : Buck and Stipe were soon joined by Bill Berry and Mike Mills, and named themselves R.E.M., a name Stipe selected at random from a dictionary.
Michael Stipe : Stipe and his producing partner, Sandy Stern, have served as executive producers on films including "Being John Malkovich", "Velvet Goldmine", and "Man on the Moon".
Michael Stipe : In 1994, with questions remaining, Stipe described himself as "an equal opportunity lech", and said he did not define himself as gay, straight, or bisexual, but that he was attracted to, and had relationships with, both men and women.
Michael Stipe : His role in the songwriting process for R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : "Murmur" went on to win the "Rolling Stone" Critics Poll Album of the Year over Michael Jackson's "Thriller".
Michael Stipe : John Michael Stipe (born January 4, 1960) is an American singer-songwriter best known as the lead singer of alternative rock band R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : In early 1987, Stipe co-founded C00 Films with Jim McKay, a mixed-media company that was "designed to channel its founder's creative talents towards the creation and promotion of alternative film works."
Michael Stipe : on "Sesame Street" playing a reworked version of "Shiny Happy People" called "Furry Happy Monsters", and appeared in an episode of "The Simpsons" titled "Homer the Moe", where R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : work in 2006, Stipe sang the song "L'Hôtel" on the tribute album to Serge Gainsbourg titled "Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited" and appeared on the song "Dancing on the Lip of a Volcano" on the New York Dolls album "One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This".
Michael Stipe : In 1999, author Douglas A. Martin published a novel, "Outline of My Lover", in which the narrator has a six-year romantic relationship with the unnamed lead singer of a successful Athens, Georgia-based, rock band; the book was widely speculated, and later confirmed by its author, to have been a roman à clef based on a real relationship between Martin and Stipe.
Michael Stipe : biographer David Buckley compared to Celtic folk artists and Muslim muezzin.
Michael Stipe : He was in charge of R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : Stipe was once very close to fellow alternative rock singer Natalie Merchant and has recorded a few songs with her, including one titled "Photograph" which appeared on a pro-choice benefit album titled "Born to Choose", and they appeared live with Peter Gabriel singing Gabriel's single "Red Rain" at the 1996 VH1 Honors and a few other times.
Michael Stipe : In 1985, R.E.M.
Michael Stipe : All four members of R.E.M.
Rik Smits : Smits was selected to the Pacers' 40th Anniversary Team, which was chosen by the fans.
Rik Smits : He ended up with the fourth most votes, trailing only Reggie Miller, Mel Daniels and Jermaine O'Neal.
Rik Smits : Rik Smits (born August 23, 1966), nicknamed "the Dunking Dutchman", is a Dutch retired professional basketball player who spent his entire career with the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) The center was drafted by the Pacers out of Marist College with the second overall pick in the 1988 NBA draft.
Rik Smits : Smits continued to average double-digit point totals in every year of his career, but it wasn't until the 1993–94 NBA season that Smits really came into his own as a team leader.
Rik Smits : With the Pacers, Smits originally backed up Steve Stipanovich, but when Stipanovich suffered a career-ending injury, Smits ended up starting 71 games in his rookie year, averaging 11.7 points and 6.1 rebounds per game and earning All-Rookie First Team honors.
Dean Woods : In the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul Wayne McCarney, Stephen McGlede, Scott McGrory, Brett Dutton and Woods won the bronze medal for the team pursuit, defeated by the USSR (gold) and German Democratic Republic (silver).
Perry Anderson : He is the brother of political scientist Benedict Anderson (1936–2015).
Perry Anderson : In the 1980s, Anderson took office as a professor at the New School for Social Research in New York.
Perry Anderson : Anderson was born in 1938 in London.
Perry Anderson : He returned as editor at "NLR" in 2000 for three more years, and after his retirement continued to serve on the journal's editorial committee.
Perry Anderson : He published two major volumes of analytical history in 1974: "Passages from Antiquity to Feudalism" focuses on the creation and endurance of feudal social formations, while "Lineages of the Absolutist State" examines monarchical absolutism.
Perry Anderson : Anderson was educated at Eton and Worcester College, Oxford, where he took his first degree.
Perry Anderson : Anderson's mother, Veronica Beatrice Mary Bigham, was English, the daughter of Trevor Bigham, who was the Deputy Commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police, 1914–1931.
Perry Anderson : He is Professor of History and Sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Perry Anderson : His father, James Carew O'Gorman Anderson (1893–1946), known as Shaemas, an official with the Chinese Maritime Customs, was born into an Anglo-Irish family, the younger son of Brigadier-General Sir Francis Anderson, of Ballydavid, County Waterford.
Carlos Scanavino : Carlos A. Scanavino Villavicenio (born March 11, 1964) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Uruguay.
Brandon Paul : On March 14, 2014, he was waived by the Charge due to a season-ending injury.
Brandon Paul : On September 14, 2015, Paul signed with Spanish club FIATC Joventut.
Brandon Paul : On August 10, 2013, Paul signed with Nizhny Novgorod of Russia for the 2013–14 season.
Jean-Christophe Spinosi : Jean-Christophe Spinosi (born 2 September 1964) is a French conductor and violinist, the founder of French orchestra Ensemble Matheus.
Frank Arnesen : Frank Arnesen (born 30 September 1956) is a former Danish footballer.
Frank Arnesen : At the time he was only 19, and made the move together with Fremad Amager and teammate Søren Lerby, who was only 17.
Frank Arnesen : Arnesen got his debut with Ajax 3 or 4 months later, on 7 March 1976, in a 1–1 draw with FC Utrecht.
Frank Arnesen : Arnesen was the Director of Football at English football clubs Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea, and was Sporting Director at Hamburger SV, Metalist Kharkiv and PAOK FC.
Frank Arnesen : Arnesen moved from his childhood club Fremad Amager, in the lower leagues of Danish football, to the big Dutch team Ajax in November/December 1975.
Frank Arnesen : In the summer of 1981, Arnesen was bought by the Spanish football club Valencia CF, and two years later he went to Belgium to play for RSC Anderlecht.
Raúl Gañán : Raúl Gañán Bermúdez (born 20 December 1974) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a right back.
José Luis Alcaine : His enormous cinematographic work has been rewarded with five Goya Awards for the best photography of a total of eighteen nominations.
José Luis Alcaine : José Luis Alcaine (born 26 December 1938) is a Spanish born cinematographer.
Xiong Fei : that ended in 1–0 defeat.
Xiong Fei : and even graduated to their senior team at the beginning of the 2008 league season.
Xiong Fei : Xiong Fei originally played for the youth team of Wuhan Optics Valley F.C.
Xiong Fei : He would however struggle to get much playing time until the 2011 league season when the club's first choice right back Wu Xi would be pushed more into midfield and Xiong saw significantly more playing time where he eventually played in twelve league games by the end of the season.
Xiong Fei : Xiong Fei () (born October 21, 1987) is a Chinese football player who plays for Liaoning F.C.
Xiong Fei : His performance was good enough for him to gain a regular place within the team and he quickly showed his attacking potential despite being a defender when he scored his first goal against Nanchang Bayi on July 11, 2009 in a 1–1 draw.
Xiong Fei : When the senior team was disbanded during 2008 he was taken on by second tier club Nanjing Yoyo and would make his debut on April 19, 2009 in a league game against Guangdong Sunray Cave F.C.
Marc Berdoll : Marc Berdoll (born 6 April 1953 in Trélazé, Maine-et-Loire) is a former French association football striker, who earned sixteen caps (five goals) for the French national team.
Marc Berdoll : During his career he played for Angers SCO, 1.
Pau Gasol : On November 20, he was waived by the Trail Blazers without having played in a game for the team.
Pau Gasol : He noted that in its 72 years of history there has never been a woman coach and advocated adopting new social norms to meet this changing period of equality and diversity.
Pau Gasol : He is the first player to participate in the Executive Committee of this association without previously having been in the NCAA.
Pau Gasol : That same month he joined the campaign of Spain’s Fundación Atresmedia to bring families into schools.
Pau Gasol : In December 2010 he took part, along with other NBA stars, in We Are Bigger Than Aids, a campaign against the HIV virus.
Pau Gasol : He was named Western Conference Player of the Week.
Pau Gasol : At the press conference to present the study, Pau Gasol called for concrete action from governments, families and the food industry to end this problem.
Pau Gasol : Gasol's mother, Marisa, was a medical doctor, and his father, Agustí, was a nurse administrator.
Pau Gasol : In addition, he is Strategic Advisor and Global Ambassador for Barça in the United States, From this position he defends the values of sports and the proposals toward healthy living advocated by his Foundation.
Pau Gasol : In 2003 he was named a UNICEF ambassador, and since then has repeatedly taken part in different campaigns, traveling on several occasions África to participate in its projects there.
Pau Gasol : In March 2017 they decided to move the Foundation’s headquarters from Barcelona to Sant Boi, where he was born.
Pau Gasol : Gasol has worked in support of infant survival and for the rights of children in other African countries as well as in campaigns against malnutrition in the Horn of Africa.
Pau Gasol : He also won both the 1998 Albert Schweitzer Tournament and the 1998 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship.
Pau Gasol : In July 2019 he was named Global Champion for Nutrition and Zero Childhood Obesity by UNICEF Global.
Pau Gasol : In September of 2018, after the publication of his book "Bajo el aro" (Under the Hoop) Gasol said that in spite of not being a doctor he tries to use his public profile to help others.
Pau Gasol : Since 2017 Gasol has been vice-president of the NBPA (National Basketball Players Association, of the NBA).
Pau Gasol : On July 25, 2019, Gasol signed with the Portland Trail Blazers.
Pau Gasol : On December 24, 2009, Gasol signed a 3-year extension with the Lakers worth $64.7 million.
Pau Gasol : On March 1, 2019, he was released by the Spurs in a buyout agreement.
Pau Gasol : 2010 brought the start of UNICEF’s Pau Project in Ethiopia, in which the player helps in the fight against infant malnutrition, which each year claims the lives of more than 2 million children, and for the right to an education.
Pau Gasol : In addition, since his arrival in Memphis, he has worked with the Saint Jude Children’s Research Hospital, which he visits every time he in the city where he lived at the start of his career.
Pau Gasol : Since June 2019, Pau Gasol has been a member of the Advisory Council of Spanish Sport (CADE), which is part of the Association of Spanish Sport (ADESP).
Pau Gasol : In recognition of his commitment to solidarity endeavors, he received the "Corazón de Oro" (Gold Heart) in 2004, awarded by the Spanish Heart Foundation, and the 2010 Charitable Athlete Prize, given by the Fundación SOS.
Pau Gasol : In May 2018 he published an open letter in The Players Tribune defending the role of women as coaches and specifically in favor of the candidacy of Becky Hammon as an NBA coach.
Pau Gasol : His younger brother Marc, who is tall and , is also a professional basketball player, currently playing for the Toronto Raptors.
Pau Gasol : Pau Gasol Sáez (, ; born July 6, 1980) is a Spanish professional basketball player.
Pau Gasol : In 2012, the Professional Basketball Writers Association (PBWA) stated that Pau "“"personifies everything that is good about NBA players and their charity projects, not only in their own communities but all over the world, working to help children achieve their goals and have the opportunities that they wouldn’t be able to get otherwise.” Thus in April of 2015 they gave him their Magic Johnson Award.
Pau Gasol : In September 2019, the Gasol Foundation presented the Estudio Pasos, a pioneering work in studying obesity levels in kids between 8 and 18 years of age, and which also threw light on the levels of physical inactivity among children and adolescents.
Pau Gasol : Gasol missed the first 23 games of the 2006–07 NBA season due to a broken foot suffered near the end of Spain's semifinal win over Argentina in the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
Pau Gasol : When Gasol departed the Grizzlies, he held twelve franchise records, including games played, minutes played, field goals made, free throws made and attempted, offensive, defensive, and total rebounds, blocked shots, turnovers, and points.
Pau Gasol : Gasol helped the Lakers finish the regular season with the best record in the Western Conference (57–25), with him in the starting lineup the Lakers went 22–5.
Pau Gasol : In the conference semifinals against the Utah Jazz, he averaged 23.5 points and 14.5 rebounds, and finally in the conference finals against the Phoenix Suns, he averaged 19.7 points with 7.2 rebounds.
Pau Gasol : He was the leader in blocks per game (1.90) and was tied with Lamar Odom with the most postseason double-doubles (10).
Pau Gasol : In 2013, along with his brother Marc, he established the Gasol Foundation, to help to promote community health and healthy living habits, especially by preventing and fighting childhood obesity .In November 2015, after having been named Global Impact Player by the National Basketball Players Association (NBPA), which represents the NBA players, he created a t-shirt to help the Foundation’s work.
Pau Gasol : In the Playoffs, Gasol was the second leading Laker in points (16.9), rebounds (9.3) and assists per game (4.0).
Pau Gasol : He grabbed the 1,500th rebound of his career on November 12, 2003, against the Orlando Magic and scored his 3,000th career point on October 31, 2003, against the Boston Celtics.
Pau Gasol : In Game 6 of the first round, Gasol grabbed 18 rebounds and his last-second putback eliminated the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Pau Gasol : Gasol then won his first NBA championship ring when the Lakers defeated the Orlando Magic in the 2009 Finals.
Pau Gasol : In Game 7 of the NBA Finals against the Boston Celtics, Gasol scored 19 points, (6–16 FGM-A, 7–13 FTM-A) grabbed 18 rebounds and recorded two blocks as the Lakers repeated as champions.
Pau Gasol : While Gasol became the 43rd player in NBA history to reach to the 20,000-point milestone, he is just the fourth with that many points, 10,000 rebounds, 3,500 assists and 1,500 blocks.
Pau Gasol : On April 12, 2017, Gasol scored 13 points to reach 20,000 career points in a 101–97 regular-season finale loss against the Utah Jazz, becoming the second European player to reach the mark after Dirk Nowitzki.
Pau Gasol : Gasol earned his third All-Star appearance as a reserve for the Western Conference and finished the regular season with averages of 18.3 points, 11.3 rebounds, 3.4 assists, and 1.7 blocks.
Pau Gasol : He averaged 17.6 points and 8.9 rebounds per game, and was also the only team member to play in all 82 games that season.
Pau Gasol : On February 1, 2008, Memphis traded Gasol to the Los Angeles Lakers along with a 2010 second round draft pick for Kwame Brown, Javaris Crittenton, Aaron McKie, the rights to Marc Gasol (Pau's younger brother), and 2008 and 2010 first round draft picks.
Jeff Beck : He was ranked No.
Jeff Beck : The song "Plan B" from the 2003 release "Jeff", earned Beck his fourth Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance, and was proof that the new electro-guitar style he used for the two earlier albums would continue to dominate.
Jeff Beck : His amplifiers are primarily Fender and Marshall.
Jeff Beck : Beck was the opening act for B.B.
Jeff Beck : He has also played through a variety of fuzz pedals and echo units along with this set-up and has used the Pro Co RAT distortion pedal.
Jeff Beck : He frequently uses a wah-wah pedal both live and in the studio.
Jeff Beck : He contributed to Jon Bon Jovi's solo debut album "Blaze of Glory" in 1990, playing the main solo of the album's title song, which was also the theme song to the movie "Young Guns II".
Jeff Beck : Along with Stratocasters, Beck occasionally plays Fender Telecaster and Gibson Les Paul models as well.
Jeff Beck : This resulted in the live album "Jeff Beck with the Jan Hammer Group Live" (1977).
Jeff Beck : He is one of the three noted guitarists to have played with the Yardbirds (the other two being Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page).
Jeff Beck : He produces a wide variety of sounds by using his thumb to pluck the strings, his ring finger on the volume knob and his pinky on the vibrato bar on his signature Fender Stratocaster.
Jeff Beck : Geoffrey Arnold Beck (born 24 June 1944) is an English rock guitarist.
Jeff Beck : He then formed the Jeff Beck Group, which included Rod Stewart on vocals, Ronnie Wood on bass, Nicky Hopkins on piano and Aynsley Dunbar on drums (replaced by Micky Waller).
Jeff Bezos : He and his ex-wife MacKenzie are the parents of four children: three sons, and one daughter adopted from China.
Jeff Bezos : He is best known as the founder, chief executive officer, and president of Amazon.
Jeff Bezos : In addition, he was elected to Tau Beta Pi and was the president of the Princeton chapter of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space.
Jeff Bezos : In May 2014, the International Trade Union Confederation named Bezos the "World's Worst Boss", with its general secretary Sharan Burrow saying: "Jeff Bezos represents the inhumanity of employers who are promoting the North American corporate model."
Jeff Bezos : In 2019, Bezos's wealth was reduced by his divorce with his wife MacKenzie Bezos.
Jeff Bezos : The family moved to Miami, Florida, where Bezos attended Miami Palmetto High School.
Jeff Bezos : He graduated from Princeton University in 1986 with a degree in electrical engineering and computer science.
Jeff Bezos : Jeffrey Preston Bezos (; né Jorgensen; born January 12, 1964) is an American internet and aerospace entrepreneur, media proprietor, and investor.
Jeff Bezos : Bezos founded the aerospace manufacturer and sub-orbital spaceflight services company Blue Origin in 2000.
Jeff Bezos : Bezos attended River Oaks Elementary School in Houston from fourth to sixth grade.
Jeff Bezos : Bezos was born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen on January 12, 1964, in Albuquerque, the son of Jacklyn (Gise) Jorgensen and Ted Jorgensen.
Jeff Bezos : On July 27, 2017, Bezos momentarily became the world's wealthiest person over Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates when his estimated net worth increased to just over $90 billion.
Iván Morovic : Iván Eduardo Morovic Fernández (born 24 March 1963) is a Chilean chess player with the title of International Grandmaster.
Iván Morovic : In 1980, Morovic took third place in the World Junior Chess Championship in Dortmund, behind Garry Kasparov and Nigel Short respectively.
Iván Morovic : The following year he won the Chilean Chess Championship.
Iván Morovic : At 22 he became the first Chilean to be awarded by FIDE the title of International Grandmaster (GM).
Nolberto Solano : He is also an accomplished trumpet player and has set up his own Salsa band, "The Geordie Latinos".
Nolberto Solano : In June 2012, he was confirmed as manager of Peruvian Primera División club Universitario de Deportes.
Nolberto Solano : He signed a contract originally for two years, but with the option for Newcastle to extend it for another year.
Nolberto Solano : Nolberto Albino "Ñol" Solano Todco (born 12 December 1974), commonly known as Nobby Solano, is a retired Peruvian professional footballer, and former manager of Peruvian Primera División club Universitario de Deportes and Canadian semi-professional team Internacional de Toronto, from League1 Ontario.
Nolberto Solano : In June 2001, he signed a new five-year contract with the club.
Nolberto Solano : Solano made his full international debut for Peru at the age of 18, and went on to be capped 95 times, scoring 20 goals.
Nolberto Solano : Solano signed a one-year contract with West Ham United in August 2007.
Nolberto Solano : A month later he scored what he later described as "the best goal of [his] career" with a solo effort against 1860 München.
Nolberto Solano : In 1998, Solano became the first professional Peru-born footballer to play in England when he signed a contract with Newcastle United for £2,480,000.
Nolberto Solano : In 1997 aged 22 he signed for Argentinian side Boca Juniors where he became a teammate of Diego Maradona, who nicknamed Solano the 'Maestrito'.
Nolberto Solano : Solano joined Aston Villa in January 2004 for a fee of £1.5 million and signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the club.
Nolberto Solano : He was released by West Ham when his contract expired at the end of the 2007–08 season having scored four goals in 23 appearances.
Nolberto Solano : His first team debut for Newcastle came in a Premier League match against Chelsea on 22 August 1998, when he came on after 67 minutes as a substitute for goalscorer Andreas Andersson.
Nolberto Solano : He made his debut for West Ham in October 2007, coming on as a second-half substitute in the 3–1 home win against Sunderland, and was instrumental in West Ham's second goal, his shot being deflected into the Sunderland goal by goalkeeper, Craig Gordon.
Nolberto Solano : He was part of the Sporting Cristal squad of the 1990s during which the club won the Peru Primera División Championships (1994, 1995 and 1996) and reached the finals of the 1997 Copa Libertadores.
Jerzy Podbrożny : Podbrożny was capped six times for the Polish national team.
Jerzy Podbrożny : After winning the championship both those years, he transferred to Legia Warsaw, and promptly won the next two titles.
Jerzy Podbrożny : Jerzy Podbrożny (born December 17, 1966 in Przemysl) is a former Polish football striker, one of the top scorers in Polish football history.
Jerzy Podbrożny : Podbrożny went on to help the club to the MLS Cup and U.S. Open Cup double.
Jerzy Podbrożny : He played two seasons in MLS, scoring 10 goals and 22 assists in league play.
Jerzy Podbrożny : He then signed with the Chicago Fire, coming to Major League Soccer in the club's inaugural season in 1998, joining fellow Polish internationals Peter Nowak and Roman Kosecki.
Jerzy Podbrożny : In 1996, Podbrożny moved to Spain, first with CP Mérida and then with CD Toledo.
Tony Estanguet : In 2012 Estanguet was elected to the IOC Athletes' Commission.
Tony Estanguet : At the 2012 London Summer Olympics, he became the first French Olympian to win three gold medals in the same Olympic discipline.
Tony Estanguet : Tony Estanguet (born 6 May 1978 in Pau) is a French slalom canoeist and a three-time Olympic champion in C1.
Romário : My time is up.
Romário : He scored one against the Netherlands in the quarterfinals; and the game-winning header against Sweden in the semifinals.
Romário : In January 2007 he signed a new deal with Vasco da Gama.
Romário : Romário de Souza Faria (born 29 January 1966), known simply as Romário (), is a Brazilian politician who previously achieved worldwide fame as a professional footballer.
Romário : He attained the status of national hero at the 1989 Copa América as he scored the only goal in the final against Uruguay to end Brazil's long trophy drought in front of their own fans at the Maracanã.
Romário : Romário starred for Brazil in their 1994 FIFA World Cup success, receiving the FIFA Golden Ball as player of the tournament.
Romário : On 20 May 2007, Romário scored his 1000th goal, a penalty kick against Sport Recife, playing for Vasco da Gama.
Grégory Coupet : It happened with Fabien Barthez, he was just too good for me.
Grégory Coupet : He made his international debut against Australia during France's 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup-winning campaign.
Grégory Coupet : In 2005, Coupet was voted for the first time, at age 33, into the top 10 for the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper Award.
Grégory Coupet : Grégory Coupet (born 31 December 1972) is French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Thomas Piketty : He is a columnist for the French newspaper "Libération", and occasionally writes op-eds for "Le Monde".
Thomas Piketty : His parents had been involved with a Trotskyist group and the May 1968 protests in Paris, but they had moved away from this political position before Piketty was born, and a visit to the Soviet Union in 1991 was enough to make him a firm "believe[r] in capitalism, private property, the market".
Thomas Piketty : Piketty specializes in economic inequality, taking a historic and statistical approach.
Thomas Piketty : His work looks at the rate of capital accumulation in relation to economic growth over a two hundred year spread from the nineteenth century to the present.
Thomas Piketty : He extended this analysis in his immensely popular book "Le Capital au XXIe siècle" ("Capital in the Twenty-First Century").
Thomas Piketty : Piketty earned an S-stream (scientific) Baccalauréat, and after taking scientific preparatory classes, he entered the École Normale Supérieure (ENS) at the age of 18, where he studied mathematics and economics.
Thomas Piketty : Piketty's work shows that differences in earnings dropped sharply during the 20th century in France, mostly after World War II.
Thomas Piketty : In 2006, Piketty became the first head of the Paris School of Economics, which he helped set up.
Thomas Piketty : His novel use of tax records enabled him to gather data on the very top economic elite, who had previously been understudied, and to ascertain their rate of accumulation of wealth and how this compared to the rest of society and economy.
Thomas Piketty : His most recent book, "Capital in the Twenty-First Century", relies on economic data going back 250 years to show that an ever-rising concentration of wealth is not self-correcting.
Thomas Piketty : Piketty was born on 7 May 1971, in the Parisian suburb of Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine.
Thomas Piketty : In 1995, he joined the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) as a researcher, and in 2000 he became a professor (directeur d'études) at EHESS.
Thomas Piketty : After earning his PhD, Piketty taught from 1993 to 1995 as an assistant professor in the Department of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Thomas Piketty : Thomas Piketty (; born 7 May 1971) is a French economist whose work focuses on wealth and income inequality.
Thomas Piketty : Piketty won the 2002 prize for the best young economist in France, and according to a list dated 11 November 2003, he is a member of the scientific orientation board of the association "À gauche, en Europe", founded by Michel Rocard and Dominique Strauss-Kahn.
Pere Portabella : He has also been a member of the Parliament of Catalonia.
Pere Portabella : Since 2001 Pere Portabella is the president of Fundación Alternativas, a Spanish think tank.
Pere Portabella : In 1999 he was awarded the Cross of St. George.
Pere Portabella : Pere Portabella (; born in 1927) is a Spanish politician, director, and producer.
Pere Portabella : In 2007 Portabella directed "The Silence before Bach", which explored the relationship between the music of Johann Sebastian Bach and imagery.
Pere Portabella : In 1959, he set up the production company Film 59, which began its activity with the production of two films influenced by Italian neorealism: "Los golfos" (Thugs, 1960) by Carlos Saura and "El cochecito" (1960) by Marco Ferreri.
Jacques Tardi : Jacques Tardi (; born 1946) is a French comics artist.
Jacques Tardi : However, he turned down the distinction, citing that he will "remain a free man and not be held hostage by any power whatsoever."
Jacques Tardi : Céline adaptations:
Jacques Tardi : Jules Verne adaptations:
Jacques Tardi : After graduating from the École nationale des beaux-arts de Lyon and the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs in Paris, he started drawing comics in 1969, at the age of 23, in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine "Pilote", initially illustrating short stories written by Jean Giraud and Serge de Beketch, before creating the political fiction story "Rumeur sur le Rouergue" from a scenario by Pierre Christin in 1972.
David Duke : They remained companions throughout college and married in 1974.
David Duke : He served in the House from 1989 until 1992.
David Duke : There are also claims that whilst he is not an active member of the alt-right, he is an inspiration for the movement.
David Duke : Duke says that he spent nine months in Laos, calling it a "normal tour of duty."
David Duke : Hardin is the mother of Duke's two daughters, Erika and Kristin.
David Duke : In 2002, Duke pleaded guilty to felony fraud.
David Duke : They lived a short time in the Netherlands before settling in an all-white area of New Orleans, Louisiana when Duke was five.
David Duke : Specifically, he defrauded his political supporters by pretending to be in dire financial straits, and asking them for money to help him pay for basic necessities.
David Duke : At the time, Duke was financially secure, and he used his supporters' money for recreational gambling.
David Duke : Duke currently resides in Mandeville, Louisiana.
David Duke : He subsequently served a 15-month sentence at Federal Correctional Institution, Big Spring in Texas.
David Duke : As the son of an engineer for Shell Oil Company, Duke frequently moved with his family around the world.
David Duke : Duke has written in praise of the alt-right, describing one broadcast as "fun and interesting" and another as "this great show".
David Duke : There, she became involved with Duke's Klan friend Don Black, whom she later married.
David Duke : The Dukes divorced in 1984, and Chloe moved to West Palm Beach, Florida, in order to be near her parents.
David Duke : In 2001, Duke promoted his book, "Jewish Supremacism: My Awakening to the Jewish Question" in Russia.
David Duke : Duke is an active user of "Stormfront", where he posts articles from his own website and polls forum members for opinions and questions.
David Duke : In 2017 he accused Anthony Bourdain of promoting white genocide.
David Duke : Duke's doctoral thesis was titled "Zionism as a Form of Ethnic Supremacism."
David Duke : Duke joined the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) in 1967.
David Duke : Duke has worked with Don Black on numerous occasions, including on Operation Red Dog (the attempted overthrowing of Dominica's government) in 1980.
David Duke : His father helped him gain a job teaching English to Laotian military officers, from which he was dismissed after six weeks when he drew a Molotov cocktail on the blackboard.
David Duke : Duke was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to Alice Maxine (Crick) and David Hedger Duke.
David Duke : The book details Duke's social philosophies, particularly his reasoning in support of racial separation:
David Duke : In 1995, Don Black and Chloê Hardin, Duke's ex-wife, began a bulletin board system (BBS) called "Stormfront".
David Duke : Duke described them as "our people" when describing their role in Donald Trump's election as president.
David Duke : Duke later clarified in an interview with "The Daily Beast" in August 2015 that while he viewed Trump as "the best of the lot", due to his stance on immigration, Trump's support for Israel was a deal breaker for him.
David Duke : The same year, to protest lawyer William Kunstler's appearance at Tulane University in New Orleans, Duke appeared at a demonstration in Nazi uniform carrying a sign reading "Gas the Chicago 7" and "Kunstler is a Communist Jew."
David Duke : People for the American Way reported Duke championing the alt-right.
David Duke : While working in the White Youth Alliance, Duke met Chloê Eleanor Hardin, who was also active in the group.
David Duke : Duke speaks against what he alleges as Jewish control of the Federal Reserve Bank, the U.S. federal government, and the media.
David Duke : Duke has been described by the Anti-Defamation League as "perhaps America’s most well-known racist and anti-Semite".
David Duke : The Anti-Defamation League book review refers to it as containing racist, antisemitic, sexist and homophobic views.
David Duke : The "International Business Times" described Duke as having 'Zieg-heiling acolytes in the so-called "alt-right"'.
David Duke : In December 1988, Duke changed his political affiliation from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party.
David Duke : In February 2016, Duke urged his listeners to vote Trump, saying that voting for anyone besides Donald Trump "is really treason to your heritage."
David Duke : Duke promotes the white genocide conspiracy theory and explicitly claims that Jews are "organising white genocide".
David Duke : "The Forward" has said that Duke "paved the way" for the alt-right movement.
David Duke : In 2015, it was reported by the media that Duke endorsed then presidential nominee Donald Trump.
David Duke : Duke first ran for the Louisiana Senate as a Democrat from a Baton Rouge district in 1975.
David Duke : The website has become a prominent online forum for white nationalism, white separatism, holocaust denial, neo-Nazism, hate speech and racism.
David Duke : Duke expressed support for Holocaust denier Ernst Zündel, a German emigrant in Canada.
David Duke : A former Republican Louisiana State Representative, Duke was a candidate in the Democratic presidential primaries in 1988 and the Republican presidential primaries in 1992.
David Duke : Duke supports the preservation of what he considers to be Western culture and traditionalist Christian family values, as well as voluntary racial segregation, anti-communism, white separatism, and the abolition of the Internal Revenue Service.
David Duke : In the late 1960s, Duke met William Luther Pierce, the leader of the neo-Nazi and white nationalist National Alliance, who would remain a lifelong influence on him.
David Duke : Duke made a number of statements supporting Zündel and his campaign of Holocaust denial.
David Duke : In 1968, Duke enrolled at Louisiana State University (LSU) in Baton Rouge, and in 1970, he formed a white student group called the White Youth Alliance that was affiliated with the National Socialist White People's Party.
David Duke : David Ernest Duke (born July 1, 1950) is an American neo-Nazi, anti-semitic conspiracy theorist, far-right politician, convicted felon, and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Julian Beever : Julian Beever (born c. 1959) is a British sidewalk chalk artist who has been creating "trompe-l'œil" chalk drawings on pavement surfaces since the mid-1990s.
Julian Beever : Besides his pavement art, Beever also paints murals with acrylic paints and replicas of the works of masters and oil paintings, and creates collages.
Ope Pasquet : In 2004 Pasquet was elected to the Senate with the political sector Vamos Uruguay.
Ope Pasquet : Ope Pasquet Iribarne (born 10 January 1956 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan political figure and lawyer.
Ope Pasquet : In June 2013, during a parliamentary session remembering 40 years of the 1973 Uruguayan coup d'état, Pasquet brought forward the Colorado Party's need of self-criticism for its responsibility regarding these infamous events.
Ope Pasquet : Pasquet was appointed Under-secretary for Foreign Affairs in 1985, in the administration of President of Uruguay Julio María Sanguinetti.
Oscar López Rivera : At age 18 he was drafted into the army and served in the Vietnam War, where he earned a Bronze Star Medal.
Oscar López Rivera : Several international organizations called for López Rivera to be released from prison, including political, religious, and labor groups.
Oscar López Rivera : López Rivera is currently living with his daughter at their home in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Oscar López Rivera : Oscar López Rivera was born in San Sebastián, Puerto Rico, on January 6, 1943.
Oscar López Rivera : On February 9, 2017, he was released from the Terre Haute prison and moved to Puerto Rico to serve the last three months of his sentence under house arrest.
Oscar López Rivera : U.S. President Bill Clinton offered him and 13 other convicted FALN members conditional clemency in 1999; López Rivera rejected the offer on the grounds that not all incarcerated FALN members received pardons.
Oscar López Rivera : In January 2017, President Barack Obama commuted López Rivera's sentence; he was released in May 2017, having served 36 years in prison, longer than any other member of the FALN.
Oscar López Rivera : His release had been demanded by 10 Nobel Peace Prize winners, Coretta Scott King, President Jimmy Carter, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Senator Bernie Sanders as well as an international coalition of human rights, and religious, labor, and business leaders including the United Council of Churches of Christ, United Methodist Church, Baptist Peace Fellowship, Episcopal Church of Puerto Rico, and the Catholic Archbishop of San Juan.
Oscar López Rivera : López Rivera was tried by the United States government for seditious conspiracy, use of force to commit robbery, interstate transportation of firearms, and conspiracy to transport explosives with intent to destroy government property.
Oscar López Rivera : On February 26, 1988, he was sentenced to an additional 15 years in prison for conspiring to escape from the Leavenworth prison.
Klaha : In 2007, he stated that he would be returning that year, but nothing happened and no information has been given since his abrupt leave in 2004.
Klaha : A year after Malice Mizer, Klaha started a solo career, but with a drastic change of style he performed pop music.
Nicholas McGegan : He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.
Nicholas McGegan : McGegan resides in Berkeley, California and Glasgow.
Nicholas McGegan : James Nicholas McGegan OBE (born 14 January 1950 in Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire, England) is a British harpsichordist, flautist, conductor and early music expert.
Nicholas McGegan : He subsequently studied music at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and at Magdalen College, Oxford.
Jarno Trulli : He is the co-owner of a vineyard in the Abruzzo region in Italy and produces his own wine.
Jarno Trulli : Trulli is married to Barbara and they have two sons, Enzo (b.
Jarno Trulli : He stayed at the Prost team for the next two seasons and eventually scored his first podium in wet conditions at the 1999 European Grand Prix.
Jarno Trulli : Jarno Trulli (; born 13 July 1974) is an Italian racing driver.
Jarno Trulli : In 2014–15 season Trulli drove in the inaugural FIA Formula E Championship for his own team Trulli GP in partnership with Drayson Racing Technologies and Super Nova Racing, as announced on 18 June 2014.
Jarno Trulli : His parents were motorsport fans and named their son after Jarno Saarinen, the Finnish Grand Prix motorcycle racing champion who was killed at Monza in 1973.
Jarno Trulli : After 7 races he replaced the injured Olivier Panis at Prost and impressed immediately, finishing fourth in Germany and even leading in Austria, looking set to finish second until his engine blew.
Mohombi : He was also a jury member of the 2015 Best of the Best All Stair season, the biggest talent show in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Mohombi : His third single called "Dirty Situation" was released in Europe on 11 November and features R&B singer Akon.
Mohombi : Mohombi was born to a Swedish mother and a Congolese father.
Mohombi : And on 21 December 207, Avalon also launched its studio album "Afro-Viking" destined mainly for the African market.
Mohombi : Mohombi and his family left the war-torn Congo and emigrated to Stockholm, Sweden, in 1999 when Mohombi was 13.
Mohombi : On 2 June 2007, Avalon participated in Hoodsfredsfestivalen in Kista.
Mohombi : In Los Angeles, Mohombi was introduced through friends to the Swedish-Moroccan producer RedOne.
Mohombi : On 2 September 2011 Mohombi released another single called "Maraca" on iTunes in Sweden.
Mohombi : At this point, music was only a part-time job, and looking for something more, Mohombi headed to Los Angeles to delop further his career.
Mohombi : Mohombi was invited in July 2015 to represent his country's youth at a summit organized by the United Nations in New York City.
Mohombi : Avalon has also collaborated with artists / songwriters such as Bob Sinclar, Million Stylez, Mohaamed Lamine, Silver Room, Alexander Papadimas and many others.
Mohombi : Mohombi Nzasi Moupondo (born 17 October 1986) is a Swedish-Congolese singer, songwriter and dancer.
Mohombi : In 2005, Avalon participated in the Melodifestivalen, in a bid to qualify for Eurovision Song Contest 2005 representing Sweden with English and French multilingual song "Big Up" that also included an intro in Lingala language.
Mohombi : In 2014, Mohombi decided to abandon Universal Music and form his own music label, La Clique Music, releasing his album "Universe".
Mohombi : In 2011, Mohombi made his first annual appearance at the MAD Video Music Awards, in Athens, Greece, duetting with Katerína Stikoúdi, on a joint version of "Coconut Tree (Coconut Tree" Make Me Stay ").
Mohombi : In 2015 Mohombi participated with Pitbull on "Baddest Girl in Town" with wisin.
Roger De Vlaeminck : Paris–Roubaix“).
Roger De Vlaeminck : He took the points jersey in the Giro d'Italia on three occasions as well as 22 stages overall including seven stages in 1975.
Roger De Vlaeminck : The only major one-day race he did not win was the world road race championship, his best performance was second to Dutchman Hennie Kuiper in 1975.
Roger De Vlaeminck : Roger De Vlaeminck (; born 24 August 1947) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist.
Roger De Vlaeminck : The other two are fellow Belgians Rik van Looy and Eddy Merckx.
Dave Franco : On March 13, 2017, representatives for the couple confirmed that they had married in a private ceremony.
Dave Franco : The film received positive reviews from critics and went on to make over $41 million worldwide.
Dave Franco : The series premiered on September 9, 2008 to 3.1 million viewers.
Dave Franco : The film is a remake of the 1985 film of the same name and follows a teenage boy who finds out his neighbor is a vampire.
Dave Franco : The CW did not renew the series for a second season due to low ratings.
Dave Franco : Ratings continued to slip each week with the series sixth episode reaching 1.837 million viewers.
Dave Franco : Franco's father was of Portuguese (from Madeira) and Swedish descent.
Dave Franco : In 2016, he reprised his roles in the sequels "", as Pete, and "Now You See Me 2", as Jack Wilder.
Dave Franco : Franco started dating actress Alison Brie in 2012.
Dave Franco : Franco has also had noticeable roles in films such as "Superbad", "Charlie St.
Dave Franco : Franco grew up in California with his two older brothers, Tom and James.
Dave Franco : In April 2012, "Shalom Life" ranked him and his brother James at number 2 on its list of "the 50 most talented, intelligent, funny, and gorgeous Jewish men in the world".
Dave Franco : Franco portrayed the role of medical student Cole Aaronson, whose family paid a large sum of money to Sacred Heart Hospital so that he would receive an internship.
Dave Franco : Franco's maternal grandmother, Mitzie (Levine) Verne, owned the Verne Art Gallery, a prominent art gallery in Cleveland, and was an active member in the National Council of Jewish Women.
Dave Franco : David John Franco (born June 12, 1985) is an American actor.
Dave Franco : In 2013, he co-starred in the zombie romance film "Warm Bodies", as Perry Kelvin.
Dave Franco : Franco was born in Palo Alto, California, to Betsy Lou (née Verne), a poet, author, and editor, and Douglas Eugene Franco (1948–2011), who ran a Silicon Valley business; the two met as students at Stanford University.
Dave Franco : Cloud", "21 Jump Street", "Warm Bodies", "The Shortcut" and "Now You See Me".
Dave Franco : In August 2009, "Variety" announced Franco was cast in a regular role for the ninth season of the ABC sitcom series "Scrubs".
Dave Franco : In March 2012, Franco starred in the Columbia Pictures action comedy film "21 Jump Street" as Eric, a high school student and the lead drug dealer.
Dave Franco : In May 2008, he was cast in The CW teen drama television series "Privileged".
Marc Wilmots : He was elected to the Senate for the French-speaking conservative party, the Reformist Movement ("Mouvement Réformateur" or MR) in the 2003 federal election.
Marc Wilmots : Between 2009 and 2012, he served as assistant manager of the Belgium national team under Dick Advocaat and later Georges Leekens.
Marc Wilmots : After retiring as a footballer, Wilmots went into politics.
Marc Wilmots : In March 2017 Wilmots was appointed as the manager of Ivory Coast national team.
Marc Wilmots : Wilmots became a football manager in summer 2004 for Sint-Truiden, but was sacked in February 2005.
Marc Wilmots : On 4 December 2019, he resigned from his position as Iran coach.
Marc Wilmots : Wilmots also played in Euro 2000, when Belgium co-hosted the tournament.
Marc Wilmots : Wilmots was named as one of the seven reserves in the 2002 World Cup All-Star Team.
Marc Wilmots : Marc Robert Wilmots (born 22 February 1969) is a Belgian international former footballer who is currently the manager of the Iran national football team.
El General : Upon receiving a scholarship, the young artist moved to the United States to study business administration, and became a professional accountant.
El General : His musical works have become popular in Latin America over the last few years.
El General : He started his musical career when he was 19 years old, and for 17 years, his albums achieved gold status 32 times and platinum 17 times.
Jordan Henderson : Jordan Brian Henderson (born 17 June 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for, and captains club Liverpool and the England national team.
Jordan Henderson : After picking up an injury, a fracture to the fifth metatarsal bone in his foot, he returned to Sunderland in April 2009.
Jordan Henderson : On 9 June 2011, Henderson was transferred to Liverpool for an undisclosed fee, thought to be between £16 and £20 million.
Jordan Henderson : Henderson was selected in Roy Hodgson's 23-man squad to travel to Brazil for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Rabah Madjer : He reached stardom as a Porto player during the 1980s, being widely regarded as one of the best Algerian football players of all time.
Rabah Madjer : After being close to transferring to Bayern Munich, Madjer signed for La Liga's Valencia CF in January 1988, returning to his previous team after only a few months for a further three seasons.
Rabah Madjer : Rabah "Mustapha" Madjer (; born 15 December 1958) is an Algerian former footballer who played as a striker.
Danny Elfman : Daniel Robert Elfman (born May 29, 1953) is an American composer, singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, and voice actor.
Danny Elfman : He also adapted his original themes for the animated versions of "" and "Beetlejuice".
Édouard Guillaud : He was promoted to Vice-Amiral (Vice-Admiral) on 1 April 2006.
Édouard Guillaud : Édouard joined the École Navale in 1973.
Édouard Guillaud : In 2013 he commanded the French Forces in the Mali Civil War.
Édouard Guillaud : The following year, he took the position of second officer on the "Charles De Gaulle", which was then being completed in Brest.
Édouard Guillaud : The next year, he studied at the Centre des hautes études militaires CHEM and at the Institut des hautes études de Défense nationale IHEDN.
Édouard Guillaud : Amiral Édouard Guillaud (born 10 July 1953) is a retired French Naval Officer and Admiral.
Édouard Guillaud : As a Lieutenant de Vaisseau (Lieutenant) from 1981 to 1984, he then served as service chief on the aviso "Amyot d'Inville" and the squadron escorteurs launch missile "Du Chayla", then as a service operations chief on the squadron escorteur launch missile "Kersaint", cruising off the seas between Iran and Lebanon in 1983.
Jimmy Greaves : He moved to West Ham United in a player-exchange in March 1970 and retired the following year.
Jimmy Greaves : James Peter Greaves (born 20 February 1940) is a former England international footballer who played as a forward.
Jimmy Greaves : Whilst with Spurs he won the FA Cup in 1961–62 and 1966–67, the Charity Shield in 1962 and 1967, and the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1962–63; he never won a league title but did help Spurs to a second-place finish in 1962–63.
Scott S. Sheppard : Starting as a graduate student at the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii, he was credited with the discovery of many small moons of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
Scott S. Sheppard : He has also discovered the first known trailing Neptune trojan, , the first named leading Neptune trojan, 385571 Otrera, and the first high inclination Neptune trojan, .
Clemens Fritz : Fritz was selected in the 23-man squad for the European Championship in Austria and Switzerland in 2008.
Clemens Fritz : When he was signed by Bayer Leverkusen in 2003, he was loaned back to Karlsruhe to play first team football.
Clemens Fritz : He is mostly known for his 11-year spell at Werder Bremen.
Clemens Fritz : In 2004, he broke his leg during a pre-season game against Rot-Weiss Essen, ruling him out the entire season.
Clemens Fritz : Clemens Fritz (born 7 December 1980) is a German former professional footballer who played as a right-back and as a defensive midfielder.
Clemens Fritz : In 2006, Fritz joined Werder Bremen on a free transfer signing a three-year contract.
Ihar Makarau : Ihar Viktaravich Makarau (; born 20 July 1979 in Kimry, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union), also commonly known by the Russian spelling Igor Viktorovich Makarov (), is a Belarusian judoka.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : I don't care."
Neil deGrasse Tyson : in 2007 and 2015.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : as the ask-the-expert lifeline.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He wrote a widely circulated letter on what he saw.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : The show is available via the Internet through a live stream or in the form of a podcast.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson participated on the NPR radio quiz program "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!"
Neil deGrasse Tyson : List of works by Tyson:
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has been vice-president, president, and chairman of the board of the Planetary Society.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has written a number of popular books on astronomy.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He was a member of the crew team during his freshman year, but returned to wrestling, lettering in his senior year.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson is a frequent participant in the website Reddit's AMAs (Ask Me Anythings) where he is responsible for three of the top ten most popular AMAs of all time.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson lived near the World Trade Center and was an eyewitness to the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He recalled that "so strong was that imprint [of the night sky] that I'm certain that I had no choice in the matter, that in fact, the universe called me."
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 1995, he began to write the "Universe" column for "Natural History" magazine.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Soon afterward, he was awarded the NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal, the highest civilian honor bestowed by NASA.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson lives in the Tribeca neighborhood of Lower Manhattan with his wife, Alice Young.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : As a science communicator, Tyson regularly appears on television, radio, and various other media outlets.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has argued that many great historical scientists' belief in intelligent design limited their scientific inquiries, to the detriment of the advance of scientific knowledge.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He has appeared several times on "Real Time with Bill Maher", and he was also featured on an episode of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?"
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has explained that he wanted to look at commonalities between objects, grouping the terrestrial planets together, the gas giants together, and Pluto with like objects, and to get away from simply counting the planets.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2001, U.S. President George W. Bush appointed Tyson to serve on the Commission on the Future of the United States Aerospace Industry and in 2004 to serve on the President's Commission on Implementation of United States Space Exploration Policy, the latter better known as the "Moon, Mars, and Beyond" commission.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : His interest in astronomy began at the age of nine after visiting the sky theater of the Hayden Planetarium.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson is a wine enthusiast whose collection was featured in the May 2000 issue of the "Wine Spectator" and the Spring 2005 issue of "The World of Fine Wine".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson was born in Manhattan as the second of three children, into a family living in the Bronx.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : As director of the Hayden Planetarium, Tyson bucked traditional thinking in order to keep Pluto from being referred to as the ninth planet in exhibits at the center.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson obsessively studied astronomy in his teen years, and eventually even gained some fame in the astronomy community by giving lectures on the subject at the age of fifteen.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson's research has focused on observations in cosmology, stellar evolution, galactic astronomy, bulges, and stellar formation.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Neil deGrasse Tyson (; born October 5, 1958) is an American astrophysicist, author, and science communicator.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He has stated on "The Colbert Report", "The Daily Show", and "BBC Horizon" that this decision has resulted in large amounts of hate mail, much of it from children.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson's column also influenced his work as a professor with The Great Courses.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He was also active in dance, in styles including jazz, ballet, Afro-Caribbean, and Latin Ballroom.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has also appeared as the keynote speaker at The Amazing Meeting, a science and skepticism conference hosted by the James Randi Educational Foundation.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He has been a regular guest on "The Colbert Report", and host Stephen Colbert refers to him in his comedic book "I Am America (And So Can You!
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He has held numerous positions at institutions including the University of Maryland, Princeton University, the American Museum of Natural History, and the Hayden Planetarium.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In a column he authored for a special edition of the magazine, called "City of Stars", in 2002, Tyson popularized the term "Manhattanhenge" to describe the two days annually on which the evening sun aligns with the street grid in Manhattan, making the sunset visible along unobstructed side streets.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He has made appearances on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", and "The Rachel Maddow Show".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2006, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) confirmed this assessment by changing Pluto to the dwarf planet classification.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : His African-American father, Cyril deGrasse Tyson (1927–2016), was a sociologist, human resource commissioner for New York City mayor John Lindsay, and the first Director of Harlem Youth Opportunities Unlimited.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2012, Tyson announced that he would appear in a YouTube series based on his radio show "StarTalk".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He served as one of the central interviewees on the various episodes of the History Channel science program, "The Universe".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : He again collaborated with Goldsmith as the narrator on the documentary "400 Years of the Telescope", which premiered on PBS in April 2009.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has written and broadcast extensively about his views of science, spirituality, and the spirituality of science, including the essays "The Perimeter of Ignorance" and "Holy Wars", both appearing in "Natural History" magazine and the 2006 "Beyond Belief" workshop.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : The show lasted for thirteen weeks, but was resurrected in December 2010 and then, co-hosted with comedians Chuck Nice and Leighann Lord instead of Koplitz.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Astronomer Carl Sagan, who was a faculty member at Cornell University, tried to recruit Tyson to Cornell for undergraduate studies.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson was a lecturer in astronomy at the University of Maryland from 1986 to 1987 and in 1988, he was accepted into the astronomy graduate program at Columbia University, where he earned an MPhil degree in astrophysics in 1989, and a PhD degree in astrophysics in 1991 under the supervision of Professor R. Michael Rich.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2004, Tyson hosted the four-part "Origins" miniseries of the PBS "Nova" series, and, with Donald Goldsmith, co-authored the companion volume for this series, "Origins: Fourteen Billion Years Of Cosmic Evolution".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2014, he hosted the television series "", a successor to Carl Sagan's 1980 series "".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson chose to attend Harvard where he majored in physics and lived in Currier House.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In 2007, Tyson was chosen to be a regular on The History Channel's popular series "The Universe".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson has been featured as a guest interviewee on "The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe", "Radiolab", "Skepticality", and "The Joe Rogan Experience" podcasts and has been in several of the Symphony of Science videos.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : 141"), and The Bronx High School of Science (1972–1976) where he was captain of the wrestling team and editor-in-chief of the "Physical Science Journal".
Neil deGrasse Tyson : Tyson earned an AB degree in physics at Harvard College in 1980 and then began his graduate work at the University of Texas at Austin, from which he received an MA degree in astronomy in 1983.
Neil deGrasse Tyson : In the same year, Tyson made a guest appearance on the Avenged Sevenfold album "The Stage", where he delivered a monolog on the track "Exist".
Roger Ilegems : Roger Ilegems (born 13 December 1962) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Belgium, who was a professional rider from 1984 to 1991.
Nikola Mektić : On the 22nd of April 2019 he reached his highest career ranking at No.
Matuzalém : After the transfer of Anatoliy Tymoschuk to Zenit Saint Petersburg, he became the new captain of the club for the 2006–07 season and was voted the club's Player of the Year.
Matuzalém : There, he scored three goals in six games, including a critical goal in the final match.
Matuzalém : Matuzalém Francelino da Silva (born 10 June 1980), commonly known as just Matuzalém, is a Brazilian footballer.
Matuzalém : In July 2008, Matuzalém returned to Italy after four years, joining Lazio on a season-long loan with an option to buy at the end of the season for €13 million (plus VAT).
Didier Drogba : Many of us used to play first and foremost for the manager.
Didier Drogba : Now we need to forget those feelings and find another source of motivation".
Didier Drogba : He has appeared in the 2012 and 2015 games.
Didier Drogba : However, his first two years there were marred by injuries and he was physically struggling to cope with the training and match schedule.
Didier Drogba : Something is broken with Chelsea, The damage is big in the dressing room".
Didier Drogba : The Serbian centre-back had to have stitches under his lip after losing a tooth in the clash.
Didier Drogba : He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team.
Didier Drogba : Replays showed that he had used his hand to control the ball before scoring the second of his two goals.
Didier Drogba : The UNDP were impressed with his previous charity work and believed that his high profile would help raise awareness on African issues.
Didier Drogba : While his contributions helped the club avoid relegation, the coaching staff remained unconvinced of their new young striker.
Didier Drogba : Both of his parents lost their jobs and he again returned to live with his uncle.
Didier Drogba : The Ivory Coast reached the quarter-finals but lost 2–3 to Algeria.
Didier Drogba : Despite media speculation, Drogba's yellow card for the clash was deemed adequate punishment by the Football Association.
Didier Drogba : He received a yellow card in the process and was recorded shouting "It's a fucking disgrace" into a live television camera.
Didier Drogba : Drogba is credited with playing a vital role in bringing peace to his country.
Didier Drogba : On 24 January 2007, Drogba was appointed by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) as a Goodwill Ambassador.
Didier Drogba : His mother nicknamed him "Tito", after president Josip Broz Tito of Yugoslavia, whom she admired greatly.
Didier Drogba : It brought his tally for the season to 14 goals in 16 games.
Didier Drogba : By age 21, Drogba realised that he had to establish himself as a player soon or else he would have little chance of becoming a professional footballer.
Didier Drogba : Following these claims, Drogba told "France Football Magazine" "I want to leave Chelsea.
Didier Drogba : At the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the Ivory Coast were drawn in a "group of death" with Serbia and Montenegro, the Netherlands and Argentina.
Didier Drogba : In 1991, his parents also travelled to France; first to Vannes and then, in 1993, setting in Antony in the Paris suburbs, at which point the 15-year-old Drogba returned to live with them and his siblings.
Didier Drogba : This was the first time Chelsea had beaten Liverpool in the semi-finals of the Champions League, having lost their previous two meetings to Liverpool.
Didier Drogba : He grew into his new responsibilities, later stating: "Isaac's birth was a turning point in my life, it straightened me out".
Didier Drogba : Furthermore, Drogba's complicated family life meant that he had never attended a football academy and only began daily football training as a fully grown adult.
Didier Drogba : Former Le Mans coach Marc Westerloppe later remarked that "it took Didier four years to be capable of training every day and playing every week".
Didier Drogba : After the departure of Damien Duff to Newcastle United, Drogba switched from the number 15 shirt he had worn for Chelsea since 2004 to the number 11 shirt vacated by Duff.
Didier Drogba : Drogba is married to Lalla Diakité, a Malian woman whom he met in Paris, and the couple have three children together.
Didier Drogba : Drogba lost his place to Daniel Cousin due to injury, then upon his return, he failed to score throughout the remainder of the season.
Didier Drogba : The same year, he and his Malian wife Alla had their first child, Isaac.
Didier Drogba : Drogba's charity work continued when, in late 2009, he announced he would be donating the £3 million signing on fee for his endorsement of Pepsi for the construction of a hospital in his hometown of Abidjan.
Didier Drogba : He was reportedly in tears when Mourinho told him he was leaving the club, and said "Mourinho's departure destroys a certain familiarity we had at the club.
Didier Drogba : His performances earned him a place in the senior squad but despite scoring in his debut, the 18-year-old Ivorian failed to make an impression on Jacques Loncar, the first team coach.
Didier Drogba : His first season, in which he scored seven goals in thirty games, boded well for the future, but during the following season he did not live up to expectations.
Didier Drogba : His season was interrupted when he pulled a stomach muscle against Liverpool which kept him out of action for over two months.
Didier Drogba : Drogba was born in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, and at the age of five was sent to France by his parents to live with his uncle, Michel Goba, a professional footballer.
Didier Drogba : However, Drogba soon became homesick and returned to Abidjan after three years.
Didier Drogba : He made his first team debut for Le Mans soon thereafter and signed his first professional contract in 1999.
Didier Drogba : Between 3 and 30 January Drogba was on Africa Cup of Nations duty and came back on 2 February against Hull City where he scored a 40th-minute equaliser to tie the game 1–1.
Didier Drogba : Drogba has two younger brothers who are also footballers: Joël and Freddy Drogba.
Didier Drogba : Drogba continued scoring goals but suffered an injury at the training ground and decided to have an operation on his knee.
Didier Drogba : Feeling that many decisions had gone against Chelsea, substituted Drogba confronted referee Tom Henning Øvrebø after the final whistle.
Didier Drogba : His performances during the season saw him named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year and runner-up to Cristiano Ronaldo in the PFA Player of the Year awards.
Didier Drogba : Benítez claimed to have compiled a four-year dossier of Drogba's "diving" antics but Drogba hit back at Benítez in an interview.
Didier Drogba : Drogba suffered a string of injuries early on in the 2008–09 season and struggled to regain fitness, missing games from August to November due to knee problems.
Didier Drogba : He also scored five goals in that season's UEFA Champions League and six in the UEFA Cup.
Didier Drogba : His strong goal scoring record attracted interest from larger clubs and at the end of the season, he moved to Ligue 1 side Olympique de Marseille for a fee of £3.3 million.
Didier Drogba : The 2007–08 season began badly for Drogba as he expressed his doubts about the departure of manager José Mourinho.
Didier Drogba : This occurred just a week after a similar incident against Fulham where the goal was disallowed.
Didier Drogba : Didier Yves Drogba Tébily (; born 11 March 1978) is an Ivorian retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
Didier Drogba : Despite having signed a four-year contract with the club in 2006, Drogba reportedly pointed out several favoured clubs in the interview, identifying Barcelona, Real Madrid, Milan or Internazionale as possible future destinations, he later admitted he regretted this and was 100% committed to Chelsea.
Didier Drogba : Drogba faced problems off the pitch during the end of the season as his transfer from Marseille to Chelsea in July 2004 came under scrutiny.
Didier Drogba : In March, he was named African Footballer of the Year for the first time, ahead of Samuel Eto'o and Chelsea teammate Michael Essien.
Didier Drogba : His shirt from his only season at Marseille is also framed in the basilica of Marseille, Notre-Dame de la Garde, which he presented to the church before the 2004 UEFA Cup Final.
Didier Drogba : Drogba became Chelsea's top scorer in European competition, the two goals he scored put his total at 17, surpassing Peter Osgood's record of 16.
Didier Drogba : When Drogba finished school he moved to the city Le Mans to study accountancy at university and he had to change clubs, becoming an apprentice at Ligue 2 club Le Mans.
Didier Drogba : After playing in youth teams, Drogba made his professional debut aged 18 for Ligue 2 club Le Mans, and signed his first professional contract aged 21.
Didier Drogba : He added a fifth at home against London rivals Tottenham Hotspur on 20 September.
Didier Drogba : Chelsea went on to retain the league title with two games to play, becoming only the second club to win back-to-back English titles in the Premier League era.
Didier Drogba : On 26 April 2008, Drogba faced controversy after a clash with Manchester United defender Nemanja Vidić.
Didier Drogba : However, they lost in the final to Egypt 4–2 on penalty kicks after a 0–0 draw, with Drogba's shot being stopped by Egyptian goalkeeper Essam El Hadary.
Didier Drogba : After the Ivory Coast qualified for the 2006 World Cup, Drogba made a desperate plea to the combatants, asking them to lay down their arms, a plea which was answered with a cease fire after five years of civil war.
Didier Drogba : He scored two goals in the last ten minutes and the match ended 2–2.
Didier Drogba : The match ended in a goalless draw at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium with Drogba coming on in the 65th minute.
Didier Drogba : He was unable to play for four weeks and missed key games against Valencia, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Didier Drogba : His reputation was marred amidst accusations of cheating during Chelsea's 2–0 win over Manchester City.
Didier Drogba : After missing the first three Champions League matches for Chelsea with a ban for being unsportsmanlike, Drogba started the fourth game against Spanish side Atlético Madrid.
Didier Drogba : In January 2007, Drogba was named the Ivorian Player of the Year, ahead of Kader Keïta, Aruna Dindane, and Kolo Touré.
Didier Drogba : This was his sixth goal in a major cup final in England.
Didier Drogba : Drogba was sent off in the 117th minute of the 2008 UEFA Champions League Final against Manchester United for slapping defender Vidić, becoming only the second player to be sent off in a European Cup final – after Jens Lehmann in 2006 – and the first for violent conduct.
Didier Drogba : He credited his teammates for his impressive season, highlighting the contributions of winger Florent Malouda, a long time friend of Drogba, as a key factor in his goalscoring prolificity that season.
Didier Drogba : Halfway through the 2001–02 season Ligue 1 club Guingamp consolidated months of interest with a transfer offer and Drogba left Le Mans for a fee of £80,000.
Didier Drogba : Drogba also caused controversy after Chelsea's Champions League semi-final defeat at the hands of Barcelona.
Didier Drogba : Drogba then joined the semi-professional club Levallois, gaining a reputation as a prolific scorer in the youth team and impressing the coach with his professional attitude.
Didier Drogba : Upon the temporary appointment of Guus Hiddink in early February following the sacking of Scolari, Drogba enjoyed a rejuvenation of sorts, returning to his goal-scoring form with four goals in five games after the new manager took over.
Didier Drogba : Signing for Chelsea in July 2004 for £24 million, Drogba scored in his third game for the club with a header against Crystal Palace.
Didier Drogba : He also completed two hat-tricks; one against Watford and the other against Levski Sofia in the Champions League, Chelsea's first hat-trick in European competition since Gianluca Vialli in the Cup Winners' Cup in 1997.
Didier Drogba : On 12 December, Drogba continued his performance with two goals in 3–3 draw against Everton.
Didier Drogba : However, he returned to form the following season, scoring five goals in 21 appearances.
Didier Drogba : However, the next season he rewarded his coaches' patience, scoring 17 goals in 34 appearances and helping Guingamp finish seventh, a record league finish.
Didier Drogba : His revival in form saw him net twice against Bolton Wanderers, and four times in four Champions League matches, one in each leg of the last sixteen and quarter-final of the competition against Juventus and Liverpool respectively, with these goals ensuring Chelsea's passage into the semi-finals.
Didier Drogba : On 9 May, Drogba helped Chelsea to win the Premier League by scoring a hat-trick in an 8–0 win over Wigan Athletic.
Didier Drogba : The second half of the 2001–02 season saw Drogba make 11 appearances and score three goals for Guingamp.
Didier Drogba : He scored both goals in a key 2–1 victory against Arsenal on 23 March 2008, bringing Chelsea equal on points with leaders Manchester United.
Didier Drogba : On 29 November, Drogba scored a goal against London rivals Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium, the second of which a free kick from outside the box.
Didier Drogba : Drogba started the 2005–06 season by scoring two goals in a Community Shield win over Arsenal.
Didier Drogba : The season was a personal success for Drogba as he hit 33 goals in all competitions (more than his tally in the previous two seasons combined), including 20 in the Premier League to win the Golden Boot.
Didier Drogba : Just four days after his Champions League games, Drogba scored a late goal in the FA Cup semi-final match against Arsenal after Frank Lampard's pass found Drogba and he carefully rounded Arsenal goalkeeper Łukasz Fabiański before passing the ball into Arsenal's empty net.
Didier Drogba : On 20 June 2010, Drogba became the first player from an African nation to score against Brazil in a World Cup match, scoring with a header in the 78th minute as the Ivory Coast were defeated 1–3.
Didier Drogba : In July 2004, Drogba moved to Premier League club Chelsea for a club record £24 million fee, making him the most expensive Ivorian player in history.
Didier Drogba : In February 2006, Drogba captained the Ivory Coast to their second Africa Cup of Nations final, scoring the only goal in their semi-final match with Nigeria and putting away the deciding spot-kick in their record-tying 12–11 penalty shootout quarter-final win over Cameroon.
Didier Drogba : Among the highlights were scoring game-winners from outside the penalty area against Liverpool, Everton and Barcelona, a 93rd-minute equaliser against Barcelona at the Camp Nou and both Chelsea's goals in their 2–1 League Cup final win over Arsenal.
Didier Drogba : In the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations Drogba scored one goal in the 3–1 victory against Ghana in the group stage.
Didier Drogba : Drogba made it up to the fans by scoring in Chelsea's 2–0 victory over Middlesbrough on 20 October 2007, against Schalke 04 in the Champions League four days later, and two goals against Manchester City.
Didier Drogba : Again Drogba finished with 16 goals for the season, 12 in the Premier League, two in the Community Shield, one in the Champions League and one in the FA Cup.
Didier Drogba : Drogba scored his second goal of the season in a 2–1 victory against CFR Cluj in the UEFA Champions League, while his first Premier League goal of the season came in a 2–0 win against West Bromwich Albion in late December 2008.
Didier Drogba : On 30 April 2008, Drogba scored two goals in the second leg of the semi-final against Liverpool, which Chelsea won 3–2 at Stamford Bridge.
Didier Drogba : On 24 March, Drogba scored his 30th goal of the season in an away game against Portsmouth.
Didier Drogba : Drogba scored a somewhat disappointing 16 goals in a total of 40 games for Chelsea in his first season: ten in the Premier League, five in the Champions League and one in the League Cup final.
Kazushi Hagiwara : He has also supervised, co-written and illustrated three "Bastard!!"
Kazushi Hagiwara : He originally began as an assistant to hentai manga artist Dirty Matsumoto, and then as an assistant to manga artist Izumi Matsumoto in the production of "Kimagure Orange Road", creating his own stories in his spare time.
Gerardo García León : Gerardo's two older brothers, Eduardo (born 1969) and Moisés, and younger Manuel (1978), were also footballers.
Gerardo García León : Gerardo García León (born 7 December 1974), known simply as Gerardo, is a Spanish retired footballer, and the manager of EDF Logroño women's team.
Gerardo García León : In 1998–99 he made his debut in La Liga, playing 34 matches for Villarreal CF who was relegated at the season's end.
Gerardo García León : Gerardo had his most successfully period at Málaga CF, playing five seasons for a side that had four consecutive mid-table positions and also helping them win the 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Gerardo García León : Born in Seville, Andalusia, Gerardo was an unsuccessful Real Madrid graduate – he never appeared for the first team – and started playing professionally in Segunda División, with CD Leganés, UE Lleida and CD Badajoz.
Sonny Kittel : After playing for 2.
Ander Garitano : Ander Garitano Urkizu (born 26 February 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left midfielder, and a manager.
Ingo Niermann : His debut novel "Der Effekt" was published in 2001.
Ingo Niermann : Niermann's own titles in the series include the books "Solution 1–10:" "Umbauland" (2009), "Solution 186–195: Dubai Democracy" (2010), "Solution 264–274: Drill Nation" (2015), and the novel "Solution 257: Complete Love" (2016).
Ingo Niermann : Ingo Niermann (born 1969, Bielefeld, Germany) is a German novelist, writer, and artist.
Domenico Pozzovivo : He finally finished sixth in the general classification.
Domenico Pozzovivo : Domenico Pozzovivo (born 30 November 1982) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Domenico Pozzovivo : He was consistently in the top 10 during the mountain stages, and ended up finishing 6th overall, his highest finish thus far in a Grand Tour.
Shay Given : He is currently the goalkeeper coach at Derby County.
Shay Given : Séamus John James "Shay" Given (born 20 April 1976) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Shay Given : He made his debut for the national team on 27 March 1996, in a game against Russia.
Shay Given : Given is the second most capped Republic of Ireland player (after Robbie Keane).
Shay Given : Given played in the Euro 2012 championship as Ireland were eliminated in the group stage.
Shay Given : He equalled Packie Bonner's record of 80 caps against Slovakia on 28 March 2007.
Toni Kukoč : Once again, he was the team's third-leading scorer.
Toni Kukoč : Although various NBA teams had shown interest in his services, Kukoč expressed a desire to be close to his residence in the city of Highland Park, Illinois.
Toni Kukoč : On September 12, 2006, Kukoč announced that he would retire from professional basketball if he could not be signed by either the Milwaukee Bucks or the Chicago Bulls for the 2006–07 NBA season.
Toni Kukoč : Kukoč was renowned for his versatility and passing ability; although his natural position was small forward, he played all five positions on the court with prowess and demonstrated court vision and an outside shooting touch that were found seldom in players of his height.
Guillermo Fernández Vara : He studied medicine at the University of Córdoba.
Guillermo Fernández Vara : Guillermo Fernández Vara (Olivenza, 1958) is a Spanish politician from the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party who has been the President of the Regional Government of Extremadura since 2015.
Guillermo Fernández Vara : He previously served as the President of Extremadura from 2007 to 2011.
Keylor Navas : Navas was part of the Costa Rican squad that played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship held in Finland.
Keylor Navas : He played in 36 games out of 42 during his first season, but his team suffered relegation after finishing in last position.
Keylor Navas : In July 2010, Navas signed with Albacete Balompié of the Segunda División in Spain exactly 20 years after countryman Luis Conejo, who occupied the same position.
Keylor Navas : In the 2011–12 campaign, Navas reached La Liga, being loaned to Levante UD for a year.
Keylor Navas : In 2019, he was signed by French club Paris Saint-Germain.
Keylor Navas : In March 2014, he was La Liga Player of the Month, the first goalkeeper to win the accolade.
Keylor Navas : He was a member of the Costa Rican team that reached the semi-finals of the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup, in which he was named best goalkeeper.
Keylor Navas : On 3 August 2014, Real Madrid triggered Navas' €10 million buyout clause, and he signed a six-year contract with the club.
Keylor Navas : Keilor Antonio Navas Gamboa (; born 15 December 1986), known as Keylor Navas, is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Costa Rica national team.
Cristiano Zanetti : Cristiano Zanetti (; born 10 April 1977) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a midfielder and current football coach.
Christoph Preuß : Christoph Preuß (born 4 July 1981) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender or defensive midfielder.
James Spader : He rose to stardom in 1986, when he played the rich, arrogant playboy Steff in "Pretty in Pink".
James Spader : He also played villainous robot Ultron in "" (2015).
James Spader : James Todd Spader (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor.
James Spader : He began dating his former "Alien Hunter" (2003) co-star, Leslie Stefanson, in 2002; they have one son.
James Spader : Even rarer, he won a second consecutive Emmy while playing the same character in two different series.
James Spader : He later transferred to Phillips Academy before dropping out at the age of seventeen and moving to New York City to pursue his acting career.
James Spader : On his way to becoming a full-time actor, Spader undertook jobs such as bartending, teaching yoga, driving a meat truck, loading railroad cars, and being a stable boy.
James Spader : During his early education, he attended multiple private schools, including The Pike School, where his mother taught art, and the Brooks School in North Andover, Massachusetts, where his father taught.
James Spader : Spader was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and is the youngest of three children.
James Spader : He currently stars as high-profile criminal-turned-FBI-informant Raymond "Red" Reddington in the NBC crime drama "The Blacklist", for which he has earned two Golden Globe Award nominations.
James Spader : He is best known for portraying eccentric characters in films such as the drama "Sex, Lies, and Videotape" (1989), the action science fiction film "Stargate" (1994), the controversial psychological thriller "Crash" (1996), and the erotic romance "Secretary" (2002).
M. Shadows : He is of Irish and Italian descent.
M. Shadows : This change resulted in newly established vocal contributions from each band member during live performances, and remained prevalent on every record the band has released since 2005.
M. Shadows : The record we want to make is going to be half-screaming and half-singing.
M. Shadows : I don't want to scream anymore… the record after that is going to be all singing.'"
M. Shadows : The 'M' is in place of his first name, Matthew, which he did not want to be in his stage name because of the way it sounded.
M. Shadows : His vocal style has evolved significantly over the years.
M. Shadows : Shadows married Valary DiBenedetto on October 17, 2009.
M. Shadows : The couple have two sons, River who was born in 2012 and Cash, born in 2014.
M. Shadows : He attended Huntington Beach High School, where he played for a brief stint in a punk band named "Successful Failure."
M. Shadows : Rumors were spread that Shadows had lost his ability to scream due to throat surgery needed after Warped Tour 2003.
M. Shadows : He also added that he and the band took stage names because many other successful musicians that they were influenced by had them (e.g.
M. Shadows : However, the most significant change came with the release of the band's major label debut, "City of Evil", in 2005, which featured minimal background screaming, stronger vocal melodies, and increased emphasis on harmonies and melodic hooks.
M. Shadows : In an interview, Shadows says that he chose his stage name because he thought of himself as "the darker character in the group".
M. Shadows : However, producer Andrew Murdock put down these rumors by saying: "When I met the band after "Sounding the Seventh Trumpet…" Matt handed me the CD, and he said to me, 'This record's screaming.
M. Shadows : Shadows, like the other members of Avenged Sevenfold, uses a stage name.
M. Shadows : The release of "Waking the Fallen" in 2003 demonstrated his progression towards melodic vocal lines, but still retained a strong screaming influence.
M. Shadows : Matthew Charles Sanders (born July 31, 1981), also known as M. Shadows, is an American singer, songwriter, and musician.
M. Shadows : Shadows' band mate Synyster Gates is married to Valary DiBenedetto's twin sister Michelle DiBenedetto, which makes them brothers-in-law.
M. Shadows : On the band's first full-length record, "Sounding the Seventh Trumpet", he featured harsh, metalcore-style growls with limited instances of clean vocals.
Sonallah Ibrahim : There he joined the Marxist Democratic Movement for National Liberation (DMNL).
Sonallah Ibrahim : He is routinely subject to their vetting process and Sonallah uses his character to make numerous political observations in the form of speeches to the committee.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Despite the DMNL's support for Nasser's coup, Nasser moved to repress Communists in the late 1950s.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His last book "Memoirs of the Oasis Prison" returns to the same theme.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His father was an upper-middle class civil servant; his mother, from a poor background, had been a nurse hired to look after his father's paralysed first wife.
Sonallah Ibrahim : He was released in 1964 on the occasion of Nikita Khrushchev visiting Egypt for the opening of the Aswan Dam.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Ibrahim, arrested in 1959, received a seven-year prison sentence from a military tribunal.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His main theme seems to be the importance of resisting the influence of the political mega-powers which attempt to invade the third world economically through many ways including the transcontinental companies.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Ibrahim entered Cairo University to study law in 1952.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Sonallah Ibrahim was born in Cairo.
Sonallah Ibrahim : The word "Amricanly" in another way is almost a transliteration of the phrase "My affairs were mine" in Arabic.
Sonallah Ibrahim : In harmony with his political ideas, in 2003 he refused to accept a prestigious literary award worth 100,000 Egyptian pounds from Egypt's Ministry of Culture.
Sonallah Ibrahim : In "Stealth", the narrator recounts his childhood memories living with his father in a small, modest apartment.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His interests are not limited to the situation in Egypt; "Beirut..Beirut" is something like an overview of the Lebanese civil war of the '70s and '80s, and "Warda" reveals a little-known episode about the activities of leftists and communists in Yemen and Oman in the '60s and '70s.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His novels, especially later ones, incorporate many excerpts from newspapers, magazines and other political sources as a way to enlighten the people about a certain political or social issue.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Because of his political opinions he was imprisoned during the 1960s; his imprisonment is featured in his first book, a collection of short stories titled "That Smell" (تلك الرائحة), which was one of the first writings in Egyptian literature to adopt a modernist tinge.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Son'allah Ibrahim ( "Ṣunʻ Allāh Ibrāhīm") (born 1937) is an Egyptian novelist and short story writer and one of the "Sixties Generation" who is known for his leftist and nationalist views which are expressed rather directly in his work.
Sonallah Ibrahim : As an example, "Sharaf" [=Honour] deals with the intrusion of American politics in Egypt and includes long passages frankly criticising the big drug companies and their policies in third world countries.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His novel, "The Committee" is often described by critics as kafkaesque.
Sonallah Ibrahim : Several of Ibrahim's works also explore how repetition and fastidious attention to detail can be used to examine the themes of childhood innocence, boredom, and sexual frustration.
Sonallah Ibrahim : By describing each part of a mundane action, such as hanging up a coat or cooking some eggs, the narrator conveys his childhood curiosity and naivete about the adult world around him.
Sonallah Ibrahim : The title of one of his latest novels is "Amricanly" which superficially means " American" or "in an American way" but is really a parody of another word "Othmanly" related to the notorious Dark Ages when Turkey ruled Egypt.
Sonallah Ibrahim : His novels are typically told in the first person, in a cold objective tone resembling press reportage which mimics reality.
Sergio Matabuena : Sergio Matabuena Delgado (born 12 February 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Jim Caviezel : After appearing in "G.I.
Jim Caviezel : He was raised in a tightly knit Catholic family in Conway, Washington.
Jim Caviezel : In 1996, Caviezel married Kerri Browitt, a high school English teacher.
Jim Caviezel : His father is of Slovak and Swiss descent, while his mother is Irish.
Jim Caviezel : Caviezel was originally cast to play Scott Summers / Cyclops in "X-Men" (2000), but dropped out because of a scheduling conflict with the film "Frequency" (2000).
Jim Caviezel : He has a younger brother, Timothy, and three sisters, Ann, Amy, and Erin.
Jim Caviezel : Jane" (1997), he had a breakthrough performance in the 1998 Terrence Malick-directed World War II film "The Thin Red Line".
Jim Caviezel : A foot injury in his second year put an end to his dream of becoming an NBA player, and he transferred to the University of Washington, where he turned his focus to acting and became a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
Jim Caviezel : James Patrick Caviezel (; born September 26, 1968) is an American actor.
Jim Caviezel : Caviezel was born in Mount Vernon, Washington, the son of Margaret (née Lavery), a former stage actress and homemaker, and James Caviezel, a chiropractor.
Jim Caviezel : From 2011 to 2016, Caviezel starred in the CBS drama series "Person of Interest" as John Reese, a former CIA agent who now works for a mysterious billionaire as a vigilante.
Jim Caviezel : The following spring, he transferred from O'Dea to another Catholic school, John F. Kennedy Memorial High School in Burien, Washington, where he played basketball and graduated in 1987.
Jim Caviezel : Caviezel attended Mount Vernon High School for two years before moving to Seattle, Washington, where he lived with family friends in order to play basketball at O'Dea High School, a Catholic, all-boys high school.
Jim Caviezel : Caviezel's other notable roles include Private Witt in "The Thin Red Line" (1998), Detective John Sullivan in "Frequency" (2000), and Edmond Dantès in "The Count of Monte Cristo".
Razak Omotoyossi : He had though already left to play in neighbouring Benin.
Razak Omotoyossi : Omotoyossi signed for Helsingborg in summer 2007.
Razak Omotoyossi : In the 2007–08 UEFA Cup, he scored twice in the first two qualifying rounds.
Razak Omotoyossi : Razak Omotoyossi (born 8 October 1985) is a Nigerian-born Beninese footballer who plays for USS Kraké and also for the Benin national football team.
Razak Omotoyossi : Omotoyossi signed for Moldovan side FC Sheriff in November 2005.
Razak Omotoyossi : In the role of Henrik Larsson's strike partner, Omotoyossi finished the 2007 season as joint top scorer having scored 14 goals in 23 games.
Don Johnson : He also had the eponymous lead role in the 1990s cop series "Nash Bridges".
Don Johnson : Donnie Wayne Johnson (born December 15, 1949) is an American actor, producer, director, singer, and songwriter.
Alamara Nhassé : It failed to win any seats in the 2008 parliamentary election, and he accepted his party's defeat.
Alamara Nhassé : A government crisis then ended his time in office and forced his government to be dissolved.
Alamara Nhassé : On January 15, 2002, the party convention of the PRS elected him as president of the party.
Alamara Nhassé : Later, in the government formed on January 25, 2001, he became Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.
Alamara Nhassé : Nhassé is an agricultural expert, who was trained in Cuba and in the Soviet Union.
Alamara Nhassé : In the 2005 presidential election Nhassé supported the candidate João Bernardo Vieira.
Alamara Nhassé : Nhassé is currently the President of the National Reconciliation Party.
Alamara Nhassé : After PRS candidate Kumba Yala was elected President, Nhassé was appointed as Minister of Agriculture, Water, Forestry and Hunting in the government formed on February 19, 2000.
Alamara Nhassé : After Vieira's election, Nhassé called for Carlos Gomes Júnior to resign as Prime Minister; Gomes Junior then lost his parliamentary basis after 14 of 45 parliamentary delegates from Gomes' PAIGC left the party.
Alamara Nhassé : Alamara Ntchia Nhassé (born 2 June 1957) is a Guinea-Bissau politician, who was Prime Minister from 9 December 2001 to 17 November 2002.
Alamara Nhassé : Nhassé is currently the President of the National Reconciliation Party; he previously led the Social Renewal Party (PRS).
Alamara Nhassé : After Imbali was also dismissed, Nhassé replaced him as Prime Minister on December 9, 2001.
Alamara Nhassé : Under Prime Minister Faustino Imbali, he became Minister for the Interior after Artur Sanhá was dismissed on August 29, 2001.
Pablo Mouche : Whilst at Estudiantes, he was the under-study of Ezequiel Lavezzi.
Pablo Mouche : Mouche became a target of Serbian team Red Star for their Champions League campaign.
Pablo Mouche : On 19 July 2012, it was reported that Mouche had reached an agreement with Turkish Süper Lig club Kayserispor.
Pablo Mouche : At the age of 15, Mouche debuted for Estudiantes in the Primera B Metropolitana 2002–03 season on 13 June 2003 whilst he was undergoing his fourth year of secondary school.
Pablo Mouche : Mouche was picked to join the Argentina Under-20 squad to take part in the 2007 South American Youth Championship in Paraguay.
Pablo Mouche : One week later, Mouche debuted in the 2008 Copa Sudamericana in a first–leg 4–0 home win against LDU Quito on 23 September.
Pablo Mouche : Upon returning to Boca Juniors, Mouche had asked Guillermo Barros Schelotto for permission to wear the number# 7 shirt for the 2007–08 season.
Pablo Mouche : On July 8, he signed a one-year loan deal with Red Star, with option of a permanent transfer.
Pablo Mouche : After months of speculations, on July 5, 2016, Mouche himself confirmed to the local press that he will sign for Red Star.
Pablo Mouche : Pablo Nicolás Mouche (born October 11, 1987 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Colo-Colo.
Alberto Coto García : Currently, he has this recognized record:
Alberto Coto García : His books reached best seller in Spain and in Latin America.
Alberto Coto García : In recent years he has carried out demonstrations and conferences.
Alberto Coto García : This record means a calculation speed of about 5 operations per second.
Alberto Coto García : He has demonstrated his skills and has appeared on some TV shows and news.
Alberto Coto García : When Alberto was six years old he demonstrated calculation skills counting the final score while playing cards.
Alberto Coto García : Over the years, due to his interest on calculation and brain strengthening, he has developed his capacity, becoming the fastest human calculator in the world, certificated by some Guinness Records and his titles of World Champion.
Alberto Coto García : Over three sessions of the Mental Calculation World Cup, Alberto Coto has always succeeded in some of the titles.
Alberto Coto García : Alberto Coto García (born May 20, 1970, in Lada, Langreo, Asturias) is a mental calculator and was the world champion in mental calculation from 2008 to 2010.
Kevin Bacon : The duo has released six albums.
Kevin Bacon : The family resides on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Kevin Bacon : Kevin formed a band called The Bacon Brothers with his brother, Michael.
Kevin Bacon : In 2003, Bacon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion pictures industry.
Kevin Bacon : Bacon, the youngest of six children, was born and raised in a close-knit family in Philadelphia.
Kevin Bacon : Bacon and Sedgwick appeared in will.i.am's video "It's a New Day", which was released following Barack Obama's 2008 presidential win.
Kevin Bacon : The pair lost part of their savings in the Ponzi scheme of infamous swindler Bernie Madoff.
Kevin Bacon : At age 16, in 1975, Bacon won a full scholarship to and attended the Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Arts at Bucknell University, a state-funded five-week arts program at which he studied theater under Glory Van Scott.
Kevin Bacon : Bacon has been married to actress Kyra Sedgwick since September 4, 1988; they met on the set of the PBS version of Lanford Wilson's play "Lemon Sky".
Kevin Bacon : He appeared in the HBO Films production of "Taking Chance", based on an eponymous story written by Lieutenant Colonel Michael Strobl, an American Desert Storm war veteran.
Kevin Bacon : Bacon and Sedgwick have starred together in "Pyrates," "Murder in the First", "The Woodsman", and "Loverboy".
Kevin Bacon : His mother, Ruth Hilda (née Holmes; 1916–1991), taught at an elementary school and was a liberal activist, while his father, Edmund Norwood Bacon (May 2, 1910 – October 14, 2005), was an architect and Executive Director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission for many years.
Hugh Porter : Porter was presented with an award for Outstanding Contribution to Cycling at the World Track Championships in Manchester in March 2008.
Hugh Porter : Without any further track races, he travelled to Jamaica for the 1966 Commonwealth Games, where he set a games record in qualifying for the semi-final of the individual pursuit, and then beat Australian Jan Bylsma in the final to take the gold medal.
Žan Tabak : I wanted to be an important player in my team."
Žan Tabak : When asked about his decision to return to European basketball Tabak said "...I wanted to come back [to Europe] because I felt I was 31 years old and I was feeling my career was coming to the end.
Žan Tabak : In his years there, Tabak shot the ball extremely well, with a field goal percentage of over 60%.
Žan Tabak : In the subsequent year's expansion draft (1995), Tabak was selected by the Toronto Raptors.
Žan Tabak : He currently serves as a head coach for Basket Zielona Góra of the Polish Basketball League and the main coach of the Slovak national team.
Žan Tabak : Over three years after he was drafted by them, Tabak was signed by the Rockets on July 20, 1994.
Žan Tabak : In 2011, he debuted as head coach with Sant Josep Girona of the LEB Oro league.
Žan Tabak : Zan Tabak averaged 5.0 points in his 6-year NBA career.
Žan Tabak : Žan Tabak (born June 15, 1970) is a Croatian professional basketball coach and former professional basketball player.
Žan Tabak : He then returned to the NBA and signed with the Indiana Pacers.
Žan Tabak : Rađa and Kukoč were 2nd-round selections in the 1989 and 1990 National Basketball Association (NBA) Drafts, respectively.
Stephin Merritt : He has worked as an editor for "Spin Magazine" and "Time Out New York".
Stephin Merritt : Merritt is known for having a dry personality, embracing a persona and life that is very different from the traditional rock star image.
Stephin Merritt : Mould's response was "He's never met Stephin Merritt, obviously."
Stephin Merritt : Merritt also wears earplugs during performances, and typically covers his left ear when the audience applauds.
Stephin Merritt : Merritt attended Massachusetts high school The Cambridge School of Weston and briefly attended NYU before moving back to Boston.
Stephin Merritt : He also performed "The Wheels on the Car".
Stephin Merritt : Prior to 2013, Merritt had never met his biological father, folk singer Scott Fagan, who had a brief affair with Merritt's mother, Alix Merritt.
Stephin Merritt : The soundtrack to the Nickelodeon show "The Adventures of Pete & Pete" featured many of his songs.
Stephin Merritt : Under his own name, he recorded and released the soundtracks to the films "Eban and Charley" and "Pieces of April".
Stephin Merritt : "The Tragic Treasury" was released by Nonesuch Records in October 2006 along with the 13th and final book of the series.
Stephin Merritt : He briefly used the name "The Baudelaire Memorial Orchestra" as an attribution for a song written for Lemony Snicket's "A Series of Unfortunate Events", entitled "Scream and Run Away".
Stephin Merritt : In September 2005, an interviewer quoted an anonymous reviewer to Bob Mould that Mould was "the most depressed man in rock."
Stephin Merritt : Further music was recorded for the audiobook versions of the series and is attributed to The Gothic Archies.
Stephin Merritt : Selected tracks from these works have been released on Nonesuch Records under the title "Showtunes".
Stephin Merritt : Merritt created and plays principal roles in the bands The Magnetic Fields, The 6ths, The Gothic Archies and Future Bible Heroes.
Fabio Felline : Fabio Felline (born 29 March 1990) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Philippe Boesmans : From this experience he learned much about composing and orchestrating music.
Philippe Boesmans : He was also active as a pianist with the Ensemble Musique Nouvelle.
Philippe Boesmans : Recognition quickly followed, and in 1971 he won the Prix Italia for his composition "Upon La-Mi" .
Philippe Boesmans : Philippe Boesmans (born 17 May 1936) is a Belgian composer.
Philippe Boesmans : Boesmans was born in Tongeren and studied piano at the Conservatory in Liège, where he was also introduced to serial composing techniques by Pierre Froidebise.
Philippe Boesmans : However, it was only after coming into contact with the "Liège Group" (Henri Pousseur, André Souris, and Célestin Deliège) in 1957 that he began to write music, as a self-taught composer.
Philippe Boesmans : Starting in 1962 he participated in productions of the Centre de Recherches Musicales de Wallonie, collaborating with Pousseur.
Zdeněk Nehoda : He was a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Zdeněk Nehoda : Zdeněk Nehoda (born 9 May 1952, in Hulín) is a former Czech football forward.
Zdeněk Nehoda : He won a gold medal in the UEFA Euro 1976 and a bronze medal in the UEFA Euro 1980.
Zdeněk Nehoda : At international level, he played for Czechoslovakia, making 91 appearances and scoring 31 goals, usually as a right-winger.
Pierre-Hugues Herbert : 36 on 11 February 2019.
Pierre-Hugues Herbert : In the second round, he had two set points before losing to Novak Djokovic in straight sets.
Volker Zotz : Besides his scholarly work, Volker Zotz’s European audience knows him as author and publicist.
Volker Zotz : The volume, "Buddha", is the most popular book on its topic in German language, regularly reprinted and translated into several languages.
Volker Zotz : Zotz is a leading member of the Arya Maitreya Mandala, founded by Lama Anagarika Govinda in 1933.
Volker Zotz : Volker Helmut Manfred Zotz (born October 28, 1956) is an eminent Austrian philosopher, religious studies scholar, Buddhologist and a prolific author.
Volker Zotz : Since 1994 Zotz has been the driving force behind many of Komyoji’s educational programs, such as workshops explaining various philosophical and theological topics.
Volker Zotz : 1989 he moved to Japan where he was a professor and researcher at Ryukoku University and Otani University in Kyoto and at Rissho University in Tokyo for ten years.
Volker Zotz : D. from the University of Vienna for his doctoral thesis "Zur Rezeption, Interpretation und Kritik des Buddhismus im deutschen Sprachraum."
Volker Zotz : In the early 1990s Zotz initiated a study centre called "Komyoji" in Austria which is an attempt at describing a cross-cultural philosophy of religion.
Volker Zotz : In 1999 Zotz was appointed professor of philosophy at the University of Luxembourg.
Ignazio Abate : Ignazio Abate (; born 12 November 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a full-back.
Pascal Chanteur : His name was on the list of doping tests published by the French Senate on 24 July 2013 that were collected during the 1998 Tour de France and found suspicious for EPO when retested in 2004.
Pascal Chanteur : Pascal Chanteur (born 9 February 1968 in Saint-Denis) is a French former road bicycle racer.
Khalid Boulahrouz : His nickname is "The Cannibal" for his ability to "eat up" the opposition.
Khalid Boulahrouz : On 11 February 2016, more than half a year after his contract with Feyenoord had expired, Boulahrouz announced his retirement from professional football.
Khalid Boulahrouz : Khalid Boulahrouz (, ; born 28 December 1981 in Maassluis) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a defender.
Khalid Boulahrouz : On 21 July 2008, Boulahrouz moved to VfB Stuttgart for a fee of around €5 million.
Tobias Wolff : Tobias Wolff is married and lives with his wife, Catherine Dolores Spohn, and three children in California.
Tobias Wolff : (Their 20th-century North American version of realism was often labelled as "Dirty realism" for its gritty veracity.)
Tobias Wolff : While continuing to write, Wolff taught at Syracuse University from 1980 to 1997.
Tobias Wolff : "This Boy's Life" was adapted as a feature film directed by Michael Caton-Jones.
Tobias Wolff : Tobias Jonathan Ansell Wolff (born June 19, 1945) is an American short story writer, memoirist, novelist, and teacher of creative writing.
Dirk Medved : Dirk Medved (born 15 September 1968) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a defender (right or central).
Dirk Medved : He gained 26 caps for Belgium, being chosen for the squad at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, where he played two matches out of four (the national side exited in the round-of-16).
Ed O'Neill : In December 2007, O'Neill received his black belt.
Ed O'Neill : O'Neill received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on August 30, 2011.
Ed O'Neill : O'Neill was also a substitute social studies teacher at Ursuline High School before becoming an actor.
Ed O'Neill : His mother, Ruth Ann (née Quinlan), was a homemaker and social worker, and his father, Edward Phillip O'Neill, was a steel mill worker and truck driver.
Ed O'Neill : It was the series that led off the first night of Fox's primetime lineup on April 5, 1987, concluding after 11 seasons on June 9, 1997.
Ed O'Neill : He also had small parts in "The Bone Collector", "Wayne's World" and "Wayne's World 2", and appeared as Relish the Troll King in "The 10th Kingdom".
Ed O'Neill : As part of this theme, former Pittsburgh Steelers great and Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Terry Bradshaw also made two guest appearances on the show.
Ed O'Neill : During and following the success of "Married... with Children", O'Neill starred in several films, including "Dutch" and "Little Giants".
Ed O'Neill : It was there that he was seen by director William Friedkin and landed his first movie role, as a police detective in "Cruising", starring Al Pacino.
Ed O'Neill : O'Neill was born into an Irish-American Catholic family in Youngstown, Ohio.
Ed O'Neill : Later, on "Married... with Children", O'Neill played a former high-school football star who had failed to make it big and constantly reminisced about his "glory days" at Polk High ("I once scored four touchdowns in a single game").
Ed O'Neill : O'Neill is married to actress Catherine Rusoff.
Ed O'Neill : O'Neill also played Bill on HBO's television series "John from Cincinnati".
Albert Bandura : Social learning theory posits that there are three regulatory systems that control behavior.
Albert Bandura : Bandura is widely described as the greatest living psychologist, and as one of the most influential psychologists of all time.
Albert Bandura : Bandura began to analyze means of treating unduly aggressive children by identifying sources of violence in their lives.
Albert Bandura : Bandura's results from this experiment changed the course of modern psychology, and were widely credited for helping shift the focus in academic psychology from pure behaviorism to cognitive psychology.
Albert Bandura : However, when the adults were punished, they consequently stopped hitting the doll as well.
Albert Bandura : Moreover, the Bobo doll experiment emphasized how young individuals are influenced by the acts of adults.
Albert Bandura : He married Virginia Varns (1921–2011) in 1952, and they raised two daughters, Carol and Mary.
Albert Bandura : He directed his initial research to the role of social modeling in human motivation, thought, and action.
Albert Bandura : Bandura arrived in the US in 1949 and was naturalized in 1956.
Albert Bandura : In collaboration with Richard Walters, his first doctoral student, he engaged in studies of social learning and aggression.
Albert Bandura : Bandura was initially influenced by Robert Sears' work on familial antecedents of social behavior and identificatory learning.
Albert Bandura : The summer after finishing high school, Bandura worked in the Yukon to protect the Alaska Highway against sinking.
Albert Bandura : When the adults were praised for their aggressive behavior, the children were more likely to keep on hitting the doll.
Albert Bandura : A 2002 survey ranked Bandura as the fourth most-frequently cited psychologist of all time, behind B. F. Skinner, Sigmund Freud, and Jean Piaget, and as the most cited living one.
Albert Bandura : Initial research in the area had begun in the 1940s under Neal Miller and John Dollard; his continued work in this line eventually culminated in the Bobo doll experiment, and in 1977's hugely influential treatise, "Social Learning Theory".
Albert Bandura : Bandura later credited his work in the northern tundra as the origin of his interest in human psychopathology.
Albert Bandura : in 1951 and Ph.D. in 1952.
Albert Bandura : The initial phase of Bandura's research analyzed the foundations of human learning and the willingness of children and adults to imitate behavior observed in others, in particular, aggression.
Albert Bandura : The theory he expanded from social learning theory soon became known as social cognitive theory.
Albert Bandura : Albert Bandura (; born December 4, 1925) is a Canadian-American psychologist who is the David Starr Jordan Professor Emeritus of Social Science in Psychology at Stanford University.
Albert Bandura : In 1974, he was elected president of the American Psychological Association (APA), which is the world's largest association of psychologists.
Albert Bandura : He advanced concepts of triadic reciprocal causation, which determined the connections between human behavior, environmental factors, and personal factors such as cognitive, affective, and biological events, and of reciprocal determinism, governing the causal relations between such factors.
Albert Bandura : Bandura was born in Mundare Alberta, an open town of roughly four hundred inhabitants, as the youngest child, and only son, in a family of six.
Albert Bandura : By the mid-1980s, Bandura's research had taken a more holistic bent, and his analysis tended towards giving a more comprehensive overview of human cognition in the context of social learning.
Albert Bandura : He is known as the originator of social learning theory (renamed the social cognitive theory) and the theoretical construct of self-efficacy, and is also responsible for the influential 1961 Bobo doll experiment.
Albert Bandura : Bandura has been responsible for contributions to the field of education and to several fields of psychology, including social cognitive theory, therapy, and personality psychology, and was also of influence in the transition between behaviorism and cognitive psychology.
Rauf Mamedov : Mamedov won the Azerbaijani championship in 2006, 2008 and 2015.
Rauf Mamedov : He played in the gold medal-winning Azerbaijani team at the European Team Chess Championship in 2009, 2013 and 2017.
Rauf Mamedov : Rauf Mamedov (; born 26 April 1988) is an Azerbaijani chess grandmaster and a three-time national champion.
Tony Abbott : Abbott and his ministry were sworn in on 18 September 2013.
Tony Abbott : Abbott was re-elected as Liberal Leader unopposed.
Tony Abbott : In 1940, during World War II, 16-year-old Dick Abbott came to Australia with his British parents.
Tony Abbott : Following the negotiations, Gillard formed a minority government with the support of an Australian Greens MP and three independent MPs on the basis of confidence and supply.
Tony Abbott : Prior to entering parliament, he worked as the Executive Director of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy from 1993 to 1994.
Tony Abbott : On the first day of the new Parliament, Abbott introduced legislation into Parliament to repeal the Carbon Tax, and commenced Operation Sovereign Borders, the Coalition's policy to stop illegal maritime arrivals, which received strong public support.
Tony Abbott : Abbott led the Coalition at the 2010 election, which resulted in a hung parliament.
Tony Abbott : At the federal election on 7 September 2013, Abbott led the Liberal/National coalition to victory over the incumbent Labor government, led by Kevin Rudd.
Zachary Quinto : Dragnet".
Zachary Quinto : For this role, Quinto received the Theatreworld Outstanding Debut Performance award.
Zachary Quinto : The two ended their relationship in early 2019.
Zachary Quinto : Quinto began dating model and musician Miles McMillan in the summer of 2013.
Zachary Quinto : Quinto was born in Pittsburgh, and grew up in the suburb of Green Tree, Pennsylvania.
Zachary Quinto : Zachary John Quinto (; born June 2, 1977) is an American actor and film producer.
Zachary Quinto : Quinto publicly came out as gay in October 2011.
Zachary Quinto : Quinto graduated from Central Catholic High School in 1995, where he participated in its musicals and won the Gene Kelly Award for Best Supporting Actor, and then attended Carnegie Mellon University's School of Drama, from which he graduated in 1999.
Zachary Quinto : He explained that, after the suicide of gay teenager Jamey Rodemeyer, he realized "that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality."
Zachary Quinto : In 2013, Quinto played the role of Tom Wingfield in the American Repertory Theatre's production of "The Glass Menagerie" by Tennessee Williams.
Zachary Quinto : His other film roles include "Margin Call", "What's Your Number?
Zachary Quinto : Quinto first appeared on television in the short-lived television series "The Others", and appeared as a guest star on shows including "", "Touched by an Angel", "Charmed", "Six Feet Under", "Lizzie McGuire", and "L.A.
Aleksander Šeliga : In the summer of 2009, Šeliga was tested by two clubs in the Netherlands.
Aleksander Šeliga : After training with the side, he did not get a contract.
Aleksander Šeliga : After a brief internship, Šeliga signed a contract for two years.
Aleksander Šeliga : With this club, he also participated in the UEFA Cup.
Aleksander Šeliga : In 2005, he joined Slavia Prague, but after an unsuccessful period with the Czech side, he returned to Celje.
Aleksander Šeliga : In his first season with Sparta (2009–10), he was chosen as first keeper by a manager Frans Adelaar.
Aleksander Šeliga : Aleksander Šeliga (born 1 February 1980) is a former Slovenian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Aleksander Šeliga : The first club, SC Heerenveen, was in desperate need for a keeper.
Aleksander Šeliga : Šeliga played most of his career for hometown club Celje in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.
Aleksander Šeliga : The club also needed a keeper, after Cássio Ramos returned to PSV Eindhoven after an ended loan-period.
Richard Thaler : Richard H. Thaler (; born September 12, 1945) is an American economist and the Charles R. Walgreen Distinguished Service Professor of Behavioral Science and Economics at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
Richard Thaler : Thaler is a theorist in behavioral economics and has collaborated with Daniel Kahneman, Amos Tversky and others on multiple occasions in further defining that field.
Richard Thaler : Thaler has written a number of books intended for a lay reader on the subject of behavioral economics, including "Quasi-rational Economics" and "The Winner's Curse", the latter of which contains many of his "Anomalies" columns revised and adapted for a popular audience.
Richard Thaler : In 2017, he was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his contributions to behavioral economics.
Richard Thaler : Thaler gained some attention in the field of mainstream economics for publishing a regular column in the "Journal of Economic Perspectives" from 1987 to 1990 titled "Anomalies", in which he documented individual instances of economic behavior that seemed to violate traditional microeconomic theory.
Richard Thaler : By exploring the consequences of "limited rationality", "social preferences", and "lack of self-control", he has shown how these human traits systematically affect individual decisions as well as market outcomes."
Makoto Shinkai : The total run time is about 63 minutes.
Makoto Shinkai : It was critically acclaimed, winning many honors.
Makoto Shinkai : Shinkai's next project was "5 Centimeters per Second" and premiered 3 March 2007.
Makoto Shinkai : It won several awards, including the grand prize at the 12th DoGA CG Animation contest (2000).
Makoto Shinkai : It consists of three short films: "Cherry Blossom", "Cosmonaut", and "5 Centimeters per Second".
Makoto Shinkai : His favorite anime films are "", "Nausicaä" and "The Castle of Cagliostro" by Hayao Miyazaki, "The End of Evangelion" by Hideaki Anno and "Patlabor 2" by Mamoru Oshii.
Makoto Shinkai : He returned to Japan in 2009 to start work on his next project.
Makoto Shinkai : In May 2001, he quit his job at Falcom and began to work on "Voices".
Makoto Shinkai : The short details the life of a cat, entirely from the cat's perspective, as it passes time with its owner, a young woman.
Makoto Shinkai : Some time later, he was contacted by "Manga Zoo" (today a smartphone app), which offered to work with him, giving him a grant to turn his idea into an anime they could sell.
Makoto Shinkai : "Voices of a Distant Star" was followed by the 90-minute "The Place Promised in Our Early Days", which was released nationwide in Japan on November 20, 2004.
Makoto Shinkai : In an interview, Shinkai noted that production took around seven months of "real work".
Makoto Shinkai : In 1999, Shinkai released "She and Her Cat", a five-minute short piece done in monochrome.
Makoto Shinkai : He traces his passion for creation to the manga, anime and novels he was exposed to in middle school.
Makoto Shinkai : In June 2000, Shinkai was inspired to begin "Voices of a Distant Star" by drawing a picture of a girl in a cockpit grasping a cell phone.
Makoto Shinkai : After winning the grand prize, Shinkai began thinking about a follow-up while he continued working for Falcom.
Makoto Shinkai : Shinkai noted that it would be his longest animation film to date and described the story as a "lively" animated film with adventure, action, and romance centered on a cheerful and spirited girl on a journey to say "farewell".
Makoto Shinkai : Shinkai has been called "The New Miyazaki" in several reviews, including those by Anime Advocates and ActiveAnime—comparisons he calls an "overestimation".
Markus Weissenberger : Markus Weissenberger (born March 8, 1975) is an Austrian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Dario Hübner : He was also famous for smoking on the bench during his time at Brescia, and was known for drinking grappa.
Dario Hübner : Dario Hübner (born 28 April 1967) is an Italian former footballer, who played as a striker.
Dario Hübner : Along with Igor Protti, Hübner is the only player to have won the top scoring titles in Serie A, Serie B, and Serie C1 (winning the Serie B Top-scorer title during the 1995–96 season with Cesena, scoring 22 goals, and the Serie C1, Girone A Top-scorer title during the 1991–92 season with Fano, scoring 14 goals.
Plastic Bertrand : Later he was hired by pirate radio station Radio Veronica.
Plastic Bertrand : Unfortunately, the group's bass player was killed in an accident returning from a rehearsal, and the group disbanded.
Plastic Bertrand : He made a guest appearance on the album "Get Ready!
Plastic Bertrand : Plastic Bertrand previously disputed the allegation, but on 28 July 2010 the singer finally revealed that he is indeed not the singer of any of the songs in the first four albums released under the name Plastic Bertrand.
Plastic Bertrand : ", and rerecorded the 1982 song "Stop ou encore", which went originally platinum in Belgium.
Plastic Bertrand : Jouret was born in Brussels of a French father and Ukrainian mother.
Plastic Bertrand : In 2002, he signed a new contract and recorded his eighth album "Ultra terrestre", released in Belgium in 2002.
Plastic Bertrand : Between 1982 and 1985 he lived in Milan, and millions of Italians followed his adventures in a photo-story of which he was the star.
Plastic Bertrand : During his comeback, he appeared on a special 1980s edition of Le Maillon Faible, the French equivalent of "The Weakest Link".
Plastic Bertrand : Twenty years after "Ça plane pour moi", Bertrand returned to the public eye as MTV declared him the "most wanted comeback artist".
Plastic Bertrand : A "best of" album was released in 1998 on the Universal-AMC label, Bertrand himself handling the remastering process.
Plastic Bertrand : In the early 1980s he appeared in movies such as "Légitime Violence" and the short film "Baoum".
Plastic Bertrand : Whilst awaiting admission to the Royal Conservatory of Music in Brussels, he spent a year at the Saint-Luc Institute studying design.
Plastic Bertrand : He also made appearances on Channel 4's "Eurotrash" show and BBC2's chat show "Clarkson".
Plastic Bertrand : In 2001, Bertrand toured Belgium, France, Switzerland and Germany with a series of concerts, and composed a number of new songs.
Plastic Bertrand : In September and November the same year, he managed the TV talent contest "Star Academy" on RTL-TVI.
Plastic Bertrand : Aside from a resurgence in his musical career, Plastic Bertrand made numerous guest appearances on European television, and presented the fortnightly show "Duel" for two seasons at RTBF.
Plastic Bertrand : Plastic Bertrand toured Europe, Japan, Australia and North America with Lou Deprijck, becoming one of the few French-speaking artists to appear in the Billboard chart.
Plastic Bertrand : A few months earlier, Deprijck had cooperated with Elton Motello (aka Alan Ward), who wrote English lyrics for the same track and recorded it as "Jet Boy, Jet Girl."
Plastic Bertrand : In 1978 Hubble Bubble released their first of two albums, also titled "Hubble Bubble".
Plastic Bertrand : Working with Vladimir Cosma, he wrote several film scores, including "Astérix et la surprise de César" ("Asterix Versus Caesar").
Plastic Bertrand : He appeared at the Countdown Spectacular 2 Tour from 18 August to 5 September 2007 in all major capital cities of Australia.
Plastic Bertrand : In March 2003, to celebrate 25 years since the beginning of his successful solo career, Bertrand performed a concert at the Cirque Royal in Brussels, performing new songs and past hits with a philharmonic orchestra, and singing in duet with guest singers.
Plastic Bertrand : In 1973 he entered the Conservatory to study music theory, percussion and music history.
Plastic Bertrand : They changed their name to Passing the Time, extending their act in bars, clubs and at festivals along the Dutch and Belgian coast.
Plastic Bertrand : From July to September 2003, he presented the TV show "Hit Story" on France 3.
Plastic Bertrand : In 1987 he represented Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Amour Amour".
Plastic Bertrand : Influenced by the punk movement, he formed the band Hubble Bubble in 1974, sharing his time between study at the Conservatory, rehearsals and concerts with the band, and work as stage manager at the Theatre des Galeries.
Plastic Bertrand : Roger François Jouret, better known as Plastic Bertrand (born 24 February 1954, Brussels, Belgium), is a Belgian musician, songwriter, producer, editor and television presenter, best known for the 1978 international hit single "Ça plane pour moi".
Plastic Bertrand : Meanwhile, he continued his education at the Music Academy studying music theory and percussion, passing his degree at the Athénée Adolphe Max.
Plastic Bertrand : He also appeared on a number of major television shows, presenting "Jackpot" on TF1, "Destination Noël" on France 2, "Due Per Tutti" on RAI2 and "Supercool" on RTBF, which he also produced.
Plastic Bertrand : At the age of nine, he became a singer and drummer in the 'Buffalo Scouts Band', a group he formed with the Boy Scouts, which performed covers of Rolling Stones songs.
Plastic Bertrand : In 2010, an expert appointed by a court stated that the voice of Lou Deprijck, the composer/producer of "Ça plane pour moi", on a record from 2006 is the same voice as on the original 1977 recording.
Plastic Bertrand : The band manager of Hubble Bubble (Bernard Schol) presented Roger Jouret to the singer/composer/producer Lou Deprijck who had just recorded "Ca plane pour moi" in studio with vocals he performed.
Plastic Bertrand : With Daniel Balavoine and ABBA's Anni-Frid Lyngstad, he recorded "Abbacadabra", a musical tale for children.
Plastic Bertrand : During the 1990s Bertrand explored other facets of music, including songwriting and producing, and also recorded the album "Suite Diagonal" for Sony in 1994 with Jacques Lanzmann.
Plastic Bertrand : In 1977, Plastic Bertrand started his solo career as the credited artist of the international hit single "Ça plane pour moi", though in fact the song had been sung and produced by its composer Lou Deprijck with the engineer Phil Delire for RKM/Vogue at Studio Morgan in Brussels.
Plastic Bertrand : Forming the company MMD with Pierrette Broodthaers, he produced two albums for David Janssen, an album of classical music with a Turkish contemporary influence for harpsichord and organ with Leila Pinar, an album of traditional Balkan music with the Kazansky choir, and a single for Noël Godin, "Chantilly c'est parti".
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : In July 2014, Rodríguez announced his retirement as referee.
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : The match was surrounded by controversy, however, as Italian midfielder Claudio Marchisio was given a straight red card in the 59th minute; furthermore, later during the match, replays appeared to show Uruguayan forward Luis Suárez biting Italian defender Chiellini on the shoulder before Suárez fell and clutched his face, in Suárez's third career biting incident.
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : More recently he asked to not be called "Chiquidrácula", but rather "Chiquimarco" instead in reference to his Christian faith.
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : He was selected for the 2014 tournament in Brazil, in which he took charge of 3 games including the semifinal between eventual champions Germany and hosts Brazil (7–1) on 8 July, after which he announced his retirement.
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : In August 2019, Rodríguez signed as head coach of Spanish third-tier team Salamanca CF.
Marco Antonio Rodríguez : Marco Antonio Rodríguez Moreno (born 10 November 1973 in Mexico City) is a former Mexican football referee and a current manager.
Ioannis Pallikaris : Ioannis G. Pallikaris (; born November 18, 1947) is a Greek ophthalmologist who in 1989 performed the first LASIK procedure on a human eye.
Ioannis Pallikaris : The lens preserves the patient's distance vision, while providing equivalent near vision correction, allowing the patient to focus on near objects without the aid of reading glasses.
Ioannis Pallikaris : He is also the founder and director of the Institute of Vision and Optics in the same university.
Dušan Bajević : Dušan "Duško" Bajević (, ; , "Doúsan Báyevits"; born 10 December 1948) is a Bosnian professional football manager and former player who is the current head coach of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
Dušan Bajević : During his stay at the club, he won the Greek Cup in 2001 (after a near-thirty year wait) beating Οlympiakos 2–4 in Athens in a game in which his team delivered very high quality football.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : Between 2004 and March 2006 he was secretary of state for Internal Revenue.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : In 1992 he was appointed president of the Court of Defense of the Competition.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : He was born in Madrid in 1945, he graduated in Law and Economic Science in the Complutense University of Madrid.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : On 10 March he was appointed Counsellor of the Bank of Spain and member of its Executive Commission.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : Cadena SER announced that Fernández Ordóñez would succeed Jaime Caruana as Governor of the Bank of Spain in July 2006 when Caruana finished his term.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : He belongs to the Cuerpo de Técnicos Comerciales and State Economists.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : He is the younger brother of Francisco Fernández Ordóñez, also a Socialist politician, and he is married to Inés Alberdi.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : On 12 June 2012 he was replaced by Luis María Linde as governor of the Bank of Spain.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez (born 3 April 1945) is a Spanish economist and politician, member of the Socialist Workers' Party and former Governor of the Bank of Spain.
Miguel Ángel Fernández Ordóñez : Minister of Economy and Finance Pedro Solbes confirmed this decision on 21 June 2006.
Bill Wyman : Bill Wyman has authored or co-authored the following titles:
Bill Wyman : Following his 70th birthday in October 2006, Wyman undertook another British tour.
Bill Wyman : He has worked producing records and films, and has scored music for film in films and television.
Bill Wyman : In the 1970s and early 1980s he made three solo albums, none commercially very successful but all well received by critics.
Bill Wyman : In April 1993, Wyman married Suzanne Accosta.
Bill Wyman : Wyman was a judge for the 5th annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists' careers.
Bill Wyman : He designed and marketed a patented "Bill Wyman signature metal detector", which he has used to find relics in the English countryside dating back to the era of the Roman Empire.
Bill Wyman : He used the stage name Lee Wyman (later Bill Wyman), taking the surname of a friend with whom he had done national service in the Royal Air Force from 1955 to 1957.
Bill Wyman : Wyman has kept a journal since he was a child after World War II.
Bill Wyman : He was the bass guitarist for the English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993.
Bill Wyman : On 2 June 1989, aged 52, Wyman married 18-year-old Mandy Smith.
Bill Wyman : At the first London show on 25 November, Wyman played on two back-to-back tracks: "It's Only Rock 'n Roll" and "Honky Tonk Women".
Bill Wyman : On 25 October 2009, Wyman performed a reunion show with Faces, filling in for the late Ronnie Lane as he had previously done in 1986 and 1993.
Bill Wyman : He sang lead on the track "In Another Land", on the "Their Satanic Majesties Request" album and a single.
Bill Wyman : On 10 December 2007, Wyman and the Rhythm Kings opened for a reunited Led Zeppelin at the Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert at the O2 in London.
Bill Wyman : Richards went on to say that the pair would strictly be guests, and Jones would continue to supply the bass for the majority of the show.
Bill Wyman : Bill Wyman (born William George Perks Jr.; 24 October 1936) is an English musician, record producer, songwriter and singer.
Bill Wyman : Wyman married his first wife Diane in 1959 and their son Stephen Paul Wyman was born on 29 March 1962.
Bill Wyman : In the mid-1980s he composed music for two films by Italian director Dario Argento: "Phenomena" (1985) and "Terror at the Opera" (1987).
Bill Wyman : On 24 October 2012, the Stones announced that Wyman and Mick Taylor were expected to join them on stage at the upcoming shows in London (25 and 29 November) and Newark (13 and 15 December).
Bill Wyman : Since 1997 he has recorded and toured with his own band, Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings.
Bill Wyman : When drummer Tony Chapman told him that a rhythm and blues band called the Rolling Stones needed a bass player, he auditioned and was hired on 7 December 1962 as a successor to Dick Taylor.
Bill Wyman : In 2009, ex-Rolling Stones guitarist Mick Taylor was invited as a guest performer with Wyman's Rhythm Kings.
Bill Wyman : Wyman's bass sound came not only from his 30-inch short scale fretless bass (the so-called "homemade" bass; actually a modified Dallas Tuxedo bass), but also from the "walking bass" style he adopted, inspired by Willie Dixon and Ricky Fenson.
Bill Wyman : Wyman continues to tour with the Rhythm Kings, which has featured such musicians as Martin Taylor, Albert Lee, Gary Brooker, Terry Taylor (formerly with Tucky Buzzard), Mike Sanchez and Georgie Fame.
Criss Angel : The couple filed for divorce four years later.
Criss Angel : He developed an interest in magic at age seven and performed his first show at the age of twelve, for which he was paid $10.
Criss Angel : In 2003, he released the album "Supernatural".
Criss Angel : In 2002, Angel married his longtime girlfriend JoAnn Winkhart.
Criss Angel : Angel won the International Magician Society's Magician of the Year award in 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2008, in addition to its "Magician of the Decade" title in 2009 and "Magician of the Century" title in 2010.
Criss Angel : The couple have two sons together, Johnny Christopher, born 2014, and Xristos Yanni, born January 22, 2019.
Criss Angel : He walks the streets of New York, hypnotising passers-by, turning cups of take-away coffee into cockroaches and suspending himself from the ceiling by inserting hooks into his back.
Criss Angel : Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos (; born December 19, 1967), known by the stage name Criss Angel, is an American magician, illusionist and musician.
Criss Angel : According to the "Las Vegas Sun", the show included, "Longtime Las Vegas comedy-illusionist Nathan Burton; Banachek, the world's premiere mentalist; and new female magician Krystyn Lambert, who has been prominently featured in the Spike series ... joined by grandmaster manipulators Jason Byrne and Tony Clarke, supreme close-up artist Armando Vera and the magic comedy of Russ Merlin."
Jonathan Sexton : As a result of his performances for club and country, Sexton was selected to play for the 2013 British and Irish Lions in their tour to Australia.
Jonathan Sexton : Following speculation during the summer of 2014, Sexton announced in September 2014 that he had signed a contract to bring him back to Leinster for the 2015–16 season until at least November 2019.
Jonathan Sexton : Despite the disappointment of failing to gain access to the knockout stages of the Heineken cup that year, Sexton helped Leinster win their first Amlin Challenge Cup, a third European title in three years.
Jonathan Sexton : The 2012–13 season proved successful for Sexton as he helped Leinster win their first Pro 12 title since the Celtic league, having been runners up the previous three seasons.
Jonathan Sexton : Sexton was selected as part of the Ireland squad for the 2008 Six Nations Championship, but sustained a fractured thumb shortly beforehand playing for Leinster.
Jonathan Sexton : Sexton started the 2009 Heineken Cup Final against Leicester Tigers, and kicked a spectacular drop goal from the halfway line and also kicked the winning penalty (a total of 11 points, 2 penalties, 1 drop goal and 1 conversion).
Jonathan Sexton : In May 2012, Irish heavyweights Leinster and Sexton achieved their third Heineken Cup triumph in four seasons against Irish rivals Ulster as they established themselves as true giants of the European game.
Pietro Vierchowod : Pietro Vierchowod (; born 6 April 1959) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.
Pietro Vierchowod : He made his international debut on 6 January 1981, at the age of 21, during a 1–1 friendly draw against the Netherlands in Montevideo, in the 1981 "Mundialito" tournament.
Josip Šimunić : Josip "Joe" Šimunić (; born 18 February 1978) is a Croatian former footballer and current manager of the Croatia national U19 football team.
Josip Šimunić : At the conclusion of the game three minutes later, however, Šimunić remonstrated with Poll and received a "third" yellow card, this time followed by a red card.
Josip Šimunić : I was glorifying Croatia.
Frédérick Bousquet : Bousquet swam at Auburn University in the U.S. from 2001 to 2005.
Frédérick Bousquet : Frédérick Bousquet (, born 8 April 1981 in Perpignan) is a freestyle and butterfly swimmer from France.
Frédérick Bousquet : That time of 18.74 seconds was his personal best in the 50-yard freestyle until 13 February 2010 when he swam the then fourth-fastest time in history, turning in a time of 18.67 seconds at the Auburn Masters Invitational.
Frédérick Bousquet : Bousquet is the first man ever to swim the 50-yard freestyle in under 19 seconds, and under 21 in the LC 50-meter freestyle.
Frédérick Bousquet : He was the holder of the world record in the 50 m freestyle in a time of 20.94 in long course, set on 26 April 2009 at the final of the French Championships.
Vedad Ibišević : For his achievements, Ibišević was named the NCAA Freshman of the Year, as well as a first team All-American.
Vedad Ibišević : Ibišević signed to play college soccer in his adopted hometown at one of the nation's most respected football establishments, Saint Louis University.
Vedad Ibišević : In 2008, he was awarded the "Idol Nacije" award for Bosnian Footballer of the Year.
Vedad Ibišević : His family, however, left Switzerland after only ten months, moving to St. Louis, Missouri, in the United States.
Vedad Ibišević : On 25 January 2012, Ibišević moved to VfB Stuttgart.
Vedad Ibišević : In May 2006, Ibišević signed a three-year deal with Alemannia Aachen, and on 12 July 2007, he moved to another German club, 1899 Hoffenheim.
Vedad Ibišević : He and his family left Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2000 to move to Switzerland, where Ibišević was signed by FC Baden in Canton Aargau.
Zenón Franco Ocampos : Zenón Franco Ocampos (; born 12 May 1956, Paraguay) is a chess grandmaster (GM) from Paraguay.
José Joaquín Rojas : José Joaquín Rojas Gil (born 8 June 1985) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
José Joaquín Rojas : His older brother Mariano Rojas, was a professional cyclist as well, riding for until 1996.
Aristides Gomes : He previously served as Prime Minister from April 2018 to October 2019, and again from 2 November 2005 to 13 April 2007.
Aristides Gomes : He was a long-time member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC), which he joined on 18 December 1973.
Aristides Gomes : Born in 1954 in Canchungo, Cacheu Region, Gomes attended the , where he received a degree in sociology and political science.
Aristides Gomes : Aristides Gomes (born 8 November 1954) is the Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau since 8 November 2019.
Michihiro Ozawa : He played 36 games for Japan until 1964.
Joshua Malina : He is well-known for playing Will Bailey on the NBC drama "The West Wing", Jeremy Goodwin on "Sports Night", David Rosen on "Scandal", and President Siebert on "The Big Bang Theory".
Joshua Malina : Joshua Charles Malina (born January 17, 1966) is an American film and stage actor.
Joshua Malina : The Malinas married in 1996 and have two children, Isabel and Avi.
Lovre Kalinić : HNL.
Lovre Kalinić : He was named Best Goal Keeper in the Belgian league for the 2016–17 season, after having played only half a season upon arriving in January to Gent from Hajduk Split.
Lovre Kalinić : On 20 January 2020, Kalinić joined Ligue 1 club Toulouse until the end of the 2019-20 season.
Lovre Kalinić : Lovre Kalinić (; born 3 April 1990) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 1 club Toulouse, on loan from club Aston Villa, and the Croatia national team.
Teddy Riner : He is tall and weighs .
Teddy Riner : He is nicknamed "Teddy Bear", or "Big Ted".
Teddy Riner : He was enrolled at a local sports club by his parents and played football, tennis and basketball, but says he preferred judo "because it is an individual sport and it's me, only me."
Alan Jackson : As of 2017, the band consists of:
Alan Jackson : Jackson was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame on October 22, 2001, in Atlanta.
Alan Jackson : In Tennessee, Jackson got his first job in The Nashville Network's mailroom.
Alan Jackson : When he was 27, Jackson and his wife of six years, Denise, moved from Newnan to Nashville, Tennessee, where he hoped to pursue music full-time.
Alan Jackson : In 1994, Jackson left his management company, Ten Ten Management, which had overseen his career up to that point, and switched to Gary Overton.
Alan Jackson : Growing up, Jackson listened primarily to gospel music, until a friend introduced him to Gene Watson, John Anderson, and Hank Williams Jr. Jackson attended the local Elm Street Elementary and Newnan High School, and joined the band, Dixie Steel after graduation.
Alan Jackson : While working she came in contact with Glen Campbell and requested advice for her husband.
Alan Jackson : Alan Eugene Jackson (born October 17, 1958) is an American country music singer and songwriter.
Alan Jackson : He has had 66 songs appear on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart; of the 66 titles, and six featured singles, 38 have reached the top five and 35 have claimed the number one spot.
Alan Jackson : He is the recipient of two Grammy Awards, 16 CMA Awards, 17 ACM Awards and nominee of multiple other awards.
Alan Jackson : Out of 15 titles to reach the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, nine have been certified multi-platinum.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb maintains a blog.
Alexander Stubb : They have two children, a daughter named Emilie and a son called Oliver Johan.
Alexander Stubb : Despite the costs and the need for some changes, he underlined that multilingualism is one of the EU's main assets.
Alexander Stubb : Since his professorship at the College of Europe, Stubb has published 16 books, dozens of academic articles, and hundreds of columns.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb was sworn in on 4 April.
Alexander Stubb : He called for greater awareness of the costs of translation, which he calculated as 511 million euros in 2005 for the Parliament, Commission and Council together.
Alexander Stubb : His position was confirmed by the board on 29 November 2017.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb does not believe the President of Finland needs to attend meetings of the European Council in addition to the Prime Minister.
Alexander Stubb : During this time he became one of the most well-known members of the Parliament.
Alexander Stubb : The decision to appoint him was unanimous and his seat in the European Parliament was taken up by Sirpa Pietikäinen, a former environment minister.
Alexander Stubb : He was elected in 2004 with 115,225 votes (the second highest number of votes in Finland for that election) as a member of the National Coalition Party.
Alexander Stubb : He left his duties in the Parliament on 30 July 2017 in order to assume his new position.
Alexander Stubb : In 1997 he began to work also as a columnist.
Alexander Stubb : In 2006 he wrote a report for the Parliament on the EU's interpretation costs, which was adopted by the Parliament.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb was a member of the Committee on Budgetary Control and a vice-president of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb speaks five languages: Swedish, Finnish, English, French and German.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb later commented that he had no interest in returning to the Finnish politics, but could be interested in running for the presidency of the European Commission or European Council.
Alexander Stubb : He was a substitute member of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Delegation to the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee (as of August 2007).
Alexander Stubb : His book "Alaston totuus ja muita kirjoituksia suomalaisista ja eurooppalaisista – The Naked Truth and other stories about Finns and Europeans" (), a collection of his columns for the Finnair in-flight magazine "Blue Wings", was published in a bilingual Finnish–English edition by WSOY in 2009.
Alexander Stubb : As that party was a member of the EPP, he sat in the European People's Party-European Democrats group.
Alexander Stubb : At Furman, Stubb studied political science and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1993.
Alexander Stubb : When that ended in 2004, he stood for the National Coalition Party in the election to the European Parliament.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb lived in Genval, Belgium, with his wife, Suzanne Innes-Stubb, who is a British lawyer, until they moved to Tapiola, Espoo.
Alexander Stubb : The following year he studied French and obtained a Diploma in French Language and Civilisation from the Sorbonne in Paris.
Alexander Stubb : On 1 April 2008, Stubb's 40th birthday, the Finnish government announced that Stubb would be appointed as its new Minister for Foreign Affairs following a scandal surrounding his predecessor, Ilkka Kanerva.
Alexander Stubb : After completing his military service, he won a golf scholarship to Furman University in South Carolina.
Alexander Stubb : In June 2017, Stubb was nominated by Martti Ahtisaari to assume the leadership of the Crisis Management Initiative, non-governmental organisation that works to prevent and resolve conflicts.
Alexander Stubb : On 15 June 2017, Stubb was chosen as the Vice-President of the European Investment Bank, after the previous representative from Finland Jan Vapaavuori had vacated the seat.
Alexander Stubb : On his appointment, Stubb was described as a competent politician and a supporter of Finland's accession to NATO, stating that he does not understand Finland's non-alignment policy.
Alexander Stubb : In 2000, he became a professor at the College of Europe.
Alexander Stubb : Stubb served as an MEP for Finland from 2004 to 2008.
Alexander Stubb : Following the IGC's conclusion in 2001 he became an adviser to the President of the European Commission (then Romano Prodi) and a member of the Commission Task Force on the European Convention.
Alexander Stubb : Cai-Göran "Alexander" Stubb (born 1 April 1968) is a Finnish politician who served as the Prime Minister of Finland from 2014 to 2015.
Alexander Stubb : In 1995 Stubb graduated as a Master of Arts in European Affairs from the College of Europe, Belgium.
Alexander Stubb : In 1986 Stubb graduated from Mainland High School in Daytona Beach, Florida and, two years later, graduated from the Gymnasiet Lärkan in Helsinki.
Alexander Stubb : In 2003 he returned to Finland's representation to the EU as a special expert and to the intergovernmental negotiations, this time for the European Constitution.
Alexander Stubb : Between 1995 and 1997, Stubb was a researcher at the Finnish Foreign Office, and then at the Academy of Finland from 1997 to 1999.
Cezary Kucharski : Cezary Kucharski () (born 17 February 1972) is a retired Polish football striker.
Cezary Kucharski : He played for Polish national team, for which he played 17 matches and scored 3 goals.
Elvis Costello : Costello began his career as part of London's pub rock scene in the early 1970s and later became associated with the first wave of the British punk and new wave movement that emerged in the mid-to-late 1970s.
Elvis Costello : Krall gave birth to twin sons, Dexter Henry Lorcan and Frank Harlan James, on 6 December 2006 in New York City.
Elvis Costello : Declan Patrick MacManus, OBE (born 25 August 1954), better known by his stage name Elvis Costello, is an English post-punk singer-songwriter.
Santi Cazorla : He ended his first season at Arsenal with 12 goals and 14 assists from 49 appearances.
Santi Cazorla : Cazorla began his professional career at Villarreal in 2003 after impressing as a youngster with his hometown club, Real Oviedo.
Santi Cazorla : Cazorla began his international career in the Spanish under-21 team, under Iñaki Sáez.
Santi Cazorla : On 17 May 2008, senior side boss Luis Aragonés surprised the Spanish press by including the uncapped Cazorla and Sergio García in his UEFA Euro 2008 squad, over more established wingers such as Joaquín and Albert Riera.
Santi Cazorla : On 30 November 2013, Cazorla made his 300th career top-flight league appearance, when he started for Arsenal in a 3–0 win against Cardiff City.
Santi Cazorla : Santiago "Santi" Cazorla González (; born 13 December 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for La Liga club Villarreal and the Spanish national team.
Ric Flair : He was adopted.
Ric Flair : The title is taken from one of his catchphrases, "To be the man, you gotta beat the man!
Ric Flair : as part of the 2007 WWE draft.
Ric Flair : Flair has made numerous appearances in television shows.
Ric Flair : On the April 26 episode of "Impact!
Ric Flair : Nation".
Ric Flair : Nation".
Ric Flair : Led by his "financial adviser" Bobby Heenan and his "executive consultant" Mr.
Ric Flair : Styles and Matt Hardy and jumping to Immortal.
Ric Flair : A returning Eric Bischoff came to the ring and began ordering the timekeeper to ring the bell, which he eventually did, awarding the match and the presidency to Sting (who promptly gave it up upon receiving it).
Ric Flair : Once again as a top fan favorite, Flair played a major role in the New World Order (nWo) invasion storyline in late 1996 and throughout 1997.
Ric Flair : Flair lost the title to Race and won it back in the span of three days in New Zealand and Singapore in March 1984.
Ric Flair : During Flair's time away from TNA, Fortune turned on Immortal.
Ric Flair : In 2014, Flair voiced himself in the animated series, "Uncle Grandpa", in the episode, "History of Wrestling".
Ric Flair : Nevertheless, Flair has repeatedly stated in various interviews how happy he was when WCW finally closed down, although at the same time the fact that many people would lose their jobs saddened him.
Ric Flair : Flair returned to television in a non–wrestling role on the May 12, 2011 episode of "Impact!"
Ric Flair : Flair entered as number three in the Rumble match and lasted 60 minutes, last eliminating Sid Justice with help from Hulk Hogan, who had been eliminated by Justice seconds earlier.
Ric Flair : Flair disagreed with the proposals and two weeks before The Great American Bash, Herd fired him and vacated the WCW World Heavyweight Championship.
Ric Flair : Flair broke his back in three places and, at age 26, was told by doctors that he would never wrestle again.
Ric Flair : At the height of Evolution's power, the group controlled all of the male-based championships of "Raw" after Armageddon.
Ric Flair : Ranked by multiple peers and journalists as the greatest professional wrestler of all time, Flair had a career that spanned 40 years.
Ric Flair : His second reign was short-lived, however, as he lost the title to Bret Hart on October 12, 1992.
Ric Flair : This prompted a series of rematches, where Steamboat was presented as a "family man" (often accompanied by his wife and young son), while Flair opposed him as an immoral, fast-living "ladies man".
Ric Flair : The crash did force Flair to change his wrestling technique away from the power brawling style he had used early on, which led him to adopt the "Nature Boy" style he would use throughout his career.
Ric Flair : Flair had resigned as head booker in February 1990 and Herd wanted to reduce Flair's role in the promotion even further, despite the fact that Flair was still a top draw.
Ric Flair : The match was used to write Flair off television, as the following week he was scheduled to undergo surgery for his torn rotator cuff; however, Flair ultimately chose not to have the surgery as it would have required six months of rehab.
Ric Flair : Despite being the first to bleed, Flair won the match by pinfall thanks to the bias of the referee Charles Robinson, who counted Hogan out.
Ric Flair : Flair then kicked Sting out of The Four Horsemen upon his challenge for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, resulting in a revived feud between the two.
Ric Flair : Controlling much of the traditional NWA territories in the southeast and Midwestern United States, Crockett looked to expand nationally and built his promotion around Flair as champion.
Ric Flair : Flair's reign as president came to an end on the July 19 episode of "Nitro", when he faced and lost to Sting for the position.
Ric Flair : During this time, Flair's bookings as champion were tightly controlled by Crockett, and a custom championship belt was created for Flair.
Ric Flair : Flair then began teaming with Carlito after Flair said that Carlito had no heart.
Ric Flair : Flair signed with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in August 1991 and began appearing on television with the Big Gold Belt, calling himself "The Real World Champion".
Ric Flair : By 1986, wrestling promoter Jim Crockett had consolidated the various NWA member promotions he owned into a single entity, running under the banner of the National Wrestling Alliance.
Ric Flair : After a three-month hiatus, Flair returned to WWE programming on the November 26 episode of "Raw" to announce "I will never retire".
Ric Flair : In April 2012, Flair tried to have his TNA contract terminated, which led to TNA filing a lawsuit against WWE for contract tampering and eventually firing Flair on May 11.
Ric Flair : When WCW was purchased by the WWF in March 2001, Flair was the leader of the villainous group called the Magnificent Seven.
Ric Flair : However, Flair reached elite status when he began referring to himself as "The Nature Boy" in order to incite a 1978 feud with the original "Nature Boy" Buddy Rogers, who put Flair over in one encounter.
Ric Flair : At the 1992 Royal Rumble, Flair won the Rumble match to claim the vacant WWF Championship.
Ric Flair : During the course of the match, Sting had Flair in his Scorpion Death Lock, but with the referee knocked unconscious, no decision could be reached.
Ric Flair : The "co-owner" angle culminated in early 2002, when Flair controlled "Raw" and McMahon controlled "SmackDown!"
Ric Flair : He briefly feuded against Montel Vontavious Porter and rejoined forces with Batista to feud with The Great Khali; the alliance was short-lived, however, as Flair was "injured" during a match with Khali.
Ric Flair : WCW sued Flair in an attempt to reclaim the championship belt, but Flair claimed that he owned the title belt in lieu of the US$25,000 deposit paid by NWA champions upon winning the title, which had not been returned to him when he was fired from WCW.
Ric Flair : ", Fortune formed an alliance with Hulk Hogan's and Eric Bischoff's new stable, Immortal.
Ric Flair : Later in the night, Flair defeated Orton after a distraction by Chris Jericho.
Ric Flair : On the June 11 episode of "Raw", Flair was drafted from Raw to SmackDown!
Ric Flair : Shortly thereafter, Flair, Blanchard and the Andersons formalized their alliance, calling themselves The Four Horsemen, with Blanchard's manager J.J. Dillon also coming on board.
Ric Flair : In the following years, Flair established himself as the promotion's main franchise in the midst of emerging competition from Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Federation (WWF).
Ric Flair : In July 1992, as Savage prepared to defend the title against The Ultimate Warrior at SummerSlam, Flair and Mr.
Ric Flair : "PWI" awarded him their Wrestler of the Year award a record six times, while "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" named him the Wrestler of the Year (an award named after him and Lou Thesz) a record eight times.
Ric Flair : The first two-time WWE Hall of Fame inductee, first inducted with the class of 2008 for his individual career and again with the class of 2012 as a member of The Four Horsemen, he is also a member of the NWA Hall of Fame, Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame, and Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
Ric Flair : In the spring of 1991, Flair had a contract dispute with WCW president Jim Herd, who wanted him to take a substantial pay cut.
Ric Flair : A major pay-per-view attraction throughout his career, Flair headlined at the premier annual NWA/WCW event, Starrcade, on ten occasions, while also co-headlining its WWF counterpart, WrestleMania, in 1992, after winning that year's Royal Rumble.
Ric Flair : While Flair had left for the WWF, he was still recognized as the NWA World Heavyweight Champion until September 8, when the title was officially vacated.
Ric Flair : While the NWA recognized Fujinami as their new champion, WCW did not because Fujinami had backdropped Flair over the top rope in a violation of WCW rules.
Ric Flair : Richard Morgan Fliehr (born February 25, 1949), better known as Ric Flair, is an American professional wrestling manager and retired professional wrestler signed to WWE under its Legends program.
Ric Flair : On July 23, 1989, Flair defeated Terry Funk at The Great American Bash, but the two continued to feud through the summer and eventually Flair reformed The Four Horsemen, with the surprise addition of longtime rival Sting, to combat Funk's J-Tex Corporation.
Ric Flair : A few weeks later, the Andersons interrupted Houston's match against Tully Blanchard and the three villains combined to rough up the youngster.
Ric Flair : Flair and Carlito faced off against Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch in a number one contender's match for the World Tag Team Championship but were defeated.
Ric Flair : Flair won his last world titles in his career by winning the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice during 2000, the company's last full year of operation.
Ric Flair : At the first David Von Erich Memorial Parade of Champions at Texas Stadium, Flair was pinned by Kerry Von Erich, but he regained the title eighteen days later in Japan and reigned for two years, two months and two days, losing the title to Dusty Rhodes on July 26, 1986 at The Great American Bash.
Ric Flair : On December 10, 1972, he made his debut in Rice Lake, Wisconsin, battling George "Scrap Iron" Gadaski to a 10-minute draw while adopting the ring name Ric Flair.
Ric Flair : Flair conducted a rigorous physical therapy schedule, however, and he returned to the ring just eight months later, where he resumed his feud with Wahoo McDaniel in February 1976.
Ric Flair : After weeks of conflict between Flair and Carlito, the team split up when Carlito attacked Flair during a match.
Ric Flair : Flair's new on-screen role was that of the co-owner of the WWF, with the explanation that Shane and Stephanie McMahon had sold their stock in the company to a consortium (namely Flair) prior to purchasing World Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Ric Flair : In 1974, Flair left the AWA for Jim Crockett's Mid-Atlantic region in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and he soon captured his first singles title, when on February 9, 1975 he beat Paul Jones for the Mid-Atlantic TV Championship.
Ric Flair : As on-air WCW President, Flair began abusing his power much like Bischoff had, favoring villains over fan favorites and even awarding the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship (which was vacated by Scott Steiner due to injury) to his son David and resorting to whatever means necessary to keep him as United States Heavyweight Champion.
Ric Flair : After the case was settled, Flair made a surprise return on September 14, 1998 to ceremoniously reform the Four Horsemen (along with Steve McMichael, Dean Malenko, and Chris Benoit).
Ric Flair : Vince McMahon retaliated by announcing that the next match Flair lost would result in a forced retirement.
Ric Flair : On December 17, 2012, Flair returned to WWE as a non-wrestling personality on the annual Slammy Awards show to present the Superstar of the Year award to John Cena, who in turn gave the award to Flair.
Ric Flair : Harley Race won the NWA World Heavyweight Championship from Flair in 1983, but Flair regained the title at Starrcade in a steel cage match.
Ric Flair : After being unmasked as The Black Scorpion at Starrcade in 1990, Flair regained the title from Sting on January 11, 1991.
Ric Flair : After clearing the ring, Flair was assaulted by The Shield, until Ryback and Team Hell No (Kane and Daniel Bryan) helped Flair fend off the group.
Ric Flair : On July 7, 1990, Flair dropped the title to Sting at The Great American Bash.
Ric Flair : Flair eventually formed a stable of followers which included Roddy Piper, Arn Anderson and the Jersey Triad to keep things in order.
Ric Flair : Flair defeated Carlito in a match after which Carlito realized that Flair was right.
Ric Flair : At WrestleMania XX, Evolution defeated the Rock 'n' Sock Connection (The Rock and Mick Foley) in a 3-on-2 handicap match.
Ric Flair : On May 17, Flair returned during the Judgment Day pay-per-view, coming to the aid of Batista, who was being attacked by The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase).
Ric Flair : Flair reappeared on "Raw" following the end of the "WCW/ECW Invasion" that culminated in a "Winner Take All" match at Survivor Series won by the WWF.
Ric Flair : He is noted for his tenures with Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, later WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
Ric Flair : During his time in the American Wrestling Association (AWA), Flair had matches with Dusty Rhodes, Chris Taylor, André the Giant, Larry Hennig and Wahoo McDaniel.
Ric Flair : Flair also feuded with Roddy Piper, Syxx, and his old nemesis Curt Hennig in 1997, after Hennig was offered a spot in The Four Horsemen only to turn on Flair and The Four Horsemen at Fall Brawl in September 1997, in which Hennig punctuated the act by slamming the cage door onto Flair's head.
Ric Flair : Triple H returned at the "Homecoming" episode of "Raw" on October 3 where he was to team with Flair in a tag team match against Carlito and Chris Masters.
Ric Flair : Flair did not appear again for three months, until making his return on August 9 at the tapings of the August 18 episode of "Impact Wrestling", confronting old rival Sting and challenging him to one more match.
Ric Flair : Flair lost the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in Detroit to Ron Garvin on September 25, 1987.
Ric Flair : At Judgment Day, Flair defeated Carlito with the figure four leglock.
Ric Flair : In late 1985, the tag team of Arn Anderson and Ole Anderson began aiding Flair (whom they claimed as a "cousin") in attacks against Dusty Rhodes, Magnum T.A.
Ric Flair : Savage defeated Flair for the title at WrestleMania.
Ric Flair : Perfect, Flair repeatedly issued challenges to WWF wrestlers like "Rowdy" Roddy Piper and Hulk Hogan, wrestling a team led by Piper at Survivor Series in November 1991 and helping The Undertaker defeat Hogan for the WWF Championship that same night.
Ric Flair : After becoming the unified and undisputed WCW champion, Flair feuded with Hulk Hogan upon Hogan's arrival in WCW in June 1994, losing the WCW World Heavyweight Championship to him in July at Bash at the Beach.
Ric Flair : On March 21, 1991, Tatsumi Fujinami defeated Flair in a match in Tokyo at the WCW/New Japan Supershow.
Ric Flair : Randy Savage then challenged Flair for the WWF Championship as part of the double main event at WrestleMania VIII.
Ric Flair : In June 1994 at "Clash of the Champions XXVII", Flair defeated Sting in a unification match, merging the WCW International World Heavyweight Championship with the WCW World Heavyweight Championship, and solidifying his heel turn.
Ric Flair : Flair's feud with Vince McMahon led them to a match at the Royal Rumble in January 2002 in a Street Fight, where Flair defeated McMahon.
Ric Flair : In addition to Styles, Flair began informally managing Beer Money, Inc. (Robert Roode and James Storm) and Desmond Wolfe as a loose alliance.
Ric Flair : During the next three years, he held five reigns as NWA United States Heavyweight Champion while feuding with Ricky Steamboat, Roddy Piper, Mr. Wrestling, Jimmy Snuka and Greg Valentine (with whom he also formed a championship tag team).
Ric Flair : He attended Gagne's first wrestling camp with Greg Gagne, Jim Brunzell, The Iron Sheik and Ken Patera at Gagne's barn outside Minneapolis in the winter of 1971.
Ric Flair : On October 4, 1975, however, Flair's career nearly ended when he was in a serious plane crash in Wilmington, North Carolina that took the life of the pilot and paralyzed Johnny Valentine (also on board were Mr. Wrestling, Bob Bruggers, and promoter David Crockett).
Ric Flair : On February 20, 1989, at Chi-Town Rumble in Chicago, Ricky Steamboat pinned Flair to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Ric Flair : On May 19, 1991, Flair defeated Fujinami at SuperBrawl I in St. Petersburg, Florida to reclaim the NWA World Heavyweight Championship and retain the WCW World Heavyweight Championship.
Ric Flair : In September 2002 at Unforgiven, Triple H defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Rob Van Dam.
Ric Flair : On September 17, 1981, Flair beat Dusty Rhodes for his first NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Ric Flair : Flair and Batista lost the World Tag Team Championship on February 16 edition of Raw to Booker T and Rob Van Dam.
Ric Flair : Flair is officially recognized by WWE as a 16-time world champion (eight-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion, six-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion, and two-time WWF Champion), although the number of his world championship reigns varies by source, ranging from 16 to 25.
Ric Flair : Orton's feud with Evolution continued until Survivor Series where Triple H, Batista, Gene Snitsky, and Edge were defeated by Orton, Maven, Chris Jericho, and Chris Benoit in a Survivor Series match for control of "Raw" over the following month.
Ric Flair : Once he returned to action, Flair briefly held the NWA World Heavyweight Championship for a tenth time after defeating Barry Windham at Beach Blast before WCW finally left the NWA in September 1993.
Ric Flair : On April 17 at Lockdown, Immortal, represented by Flair, Abyss, Bully Ray and Matt Hardy, was defeated by Fortune members James Storm, Kazarian and Robert Roode and Christopher Daniels, who replaced an injured A.J.
Ric Flair : Afterwards, the returning Jeff Hardy saved Abyss and Hogan from a beatdown at the hands of Flair, Styles and Beer Money, Inc. At Lockdown, Team Flair (Ric Flair, Sting, Desmond Wolfe, Robert Roode and James Storm) was defeated by Team Hogan (Hulk Hogan, Abyss, Jeff Jarrett, Jeff Hardy and Rob Van Dam) in a Lethal Lockdown match.
Émile Idée : Émile Idée (born 19 July 1920, in Nouvion-le-Comte) is a former professional road bicycle racer from France.
Yoshishige Yoshida : His film "A Promise" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
Yoshishige Yoshida : He has also written a number of philosophical books about his work and the cinema, including an award-winning study of Yasujirō Ozu.
Yoshishige Yoshida : Graduating from Tokyo University, Yoshida entered the Shōchiku studio in 1955 and debuted as a director in 1960 with "Rokudenashi".
Gregory van der Wiel : In 2010, he was awarded the Johan Cruyff Award for "Young Player of the Year" in the Netherlands.
Gregory van der Wiel : Van der Wiel moved to Paris Saint-Germain on 1 September 2012 for a reported €6 million transfer fee.
Gregory van der Wiel : The goal came in a 4–1 victory over RKC Waalwijk and was Van der Wiel's first goal at the Amsterdam Arena.
Gregory van der Wiel : Gregory Kurtley van der Wiel (born 3 February 1988) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right-back.
Gregory van der Wiel : He then made his senior debut on 11 February as a substitute for former Ajax teammate John Heitinga in the friendly match against Tunisia.
Nnamdi Oduamadi : Nnamdi Oduamadi Chidiebere (born 17 October 1990), also known by his shirt name Odu, is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Tirana.
Nnamdi Oduamadi : Two years later, he made his second appearance against Kenya in a 2014 World Cup qualifying match, where he scored the equalising goal in the 94th minute to level the score.
Nnamdi Oduamadi : in which he scored three goals against Tahiti in their opening match.
Carles Castillejo : Carles Castillejo Salvador (born August 18, 1978 in Barcelona) is a Spanish long distance runner.
Carles Castillejo : His Olympic debut followed at the 2004 Athens Olympics, but he was eliminated in the heats of the 5000 m.
Carles Castillejo : He has represented Spain at the Olympics on four occasions (2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016).
Carles Castillejo : He had greater success on the track: he won the national title over 5000 metres and was a close second to Hudson de Souza over 3000 metres at the 2004 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics.
Carles Castillejo : He ran in the long race at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and finished in 57th place.
Michael Schade : Michael Schade (born January 23, 1965) is a Canadian operatic tenor, who was born in Geneva and raised in Germany and Canada.
Michael Schade : Schade's recording of the "St Matthew Passion" (Teldec), conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt, won the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Choral Performance.
Michael Schade : In March 2007, Schade and Adrianne Pieczonka were the first Canadians awarded the Austrian title of .
Jonathan Hivert : He was 3 seconds in arrears of Jérôme Cousin of before the final time trial, and he finally got the first position after besting Cousin by 7 seconds on the stage.
Jonathan Hivert : Jonathan Hivert (born 23 March 1985 in Chambray-lès-Tours) is a French professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Cory Doctorow : Some common themes of his work include digital rights management, file sharing, and post-scarcity economics.
Cory Doctorow : He is an activist in favour of liberalising copyright laws and a proponent of the Creative Commons organization, using some of their licences for his books.
Cory Doctorow : Cory Efram Doctorow (; born July 17, 1971) is a Canadian-British blogger, journalist, and science fiction author who serves as co-editor of the blog "Boing Boing".
Stefano Benni : 2.5 million copies of his books have been sold in Italy.
Stefano Benni : His novels contain, within imaginary worlds and situations, a strong satire of Italian society over the last few decades.
Stefano Benni : In January and February 2010, he presented the event "Bennac", a meeting between himself and the French writer Daniel Pennac.
Stefano Benni : Stefano Benni (born 12 August 1947) is an Italian satirical writer, poet and journalist.
Stefano Benni : His writing style includes many puns, neologisms and parodies of other literary styles.
Stefano Benni : Benni has written many successful novels and anthologies, among which are "Bar Sport, Elianto, Terra!, La compagnia dei celestini, Baol, Comici spaventati guerrieri, Saltatempo, Margherita Dolcevita" and "Il bar sotto il mare".
Andrew Dice Clay : Andrew Dice Clay (born Andrew Clay Silverstein; September 29, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, and producer.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : He was nominated to serve as Minister of Defence under President François Hollande on 16 May 2012.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : He managed the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan and the deployment of French troops in the Northern Mali conflict and Operation Barkhane.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : Jean-Yves Le Drian (; born 30 June 1947) is a French politician serving as Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs since 2017.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : On 23 March 2017, Le Drian endorsed Emmanuel Macron's candidacy for President of the Republic.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : In 1977, he assumed the position of Deputy Mayor of Lorient; one year later, at the age of 30, he became a member of the National Assembly for Morbihan.
Jean-Yves Le Drian : He previously was Minister of Defence from 2012 to 2017 under President François Hollande.
Jackie Earle Haley : Haley was a series regular on "Human Target" as Guerrero, an ally of the main character, Christopher Chance.
Jackie Earle Haley : Jack Earle Haley (born July 14, 1961) is an American actor.
Asier Riesgo : On 2 September 2019, he joined second level's Girona FC for one year as a replacement for Sevilla FC-bound Bono.
Asier Riesgo : In August 2008 he was loaned to Recreativo de Huelva for €350.000, with the club having the option to make the move permanent afterwards for €4.3 million and not having to pay the player's wages.
Asier Riesgo : Asier Riesgo Unamuno (born 6 October 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a goalkeeper.
Daryl Hall : They were never married.
Daryl Hall : I have never worked with a more able singer."
Daryl Hall : This album was released in 1980.
Daryl Hall : After having the houses moved, he discovered that both homes, by coincidence, were connected to the same family.
Daryl Hall : Hall was married to Bryna Lublin from 1969 to 1972.
Daryl Hall : He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2014.
Daryl Hall : During their tenure at RCA the duo catapulted to international superstardom.
Daryl Hall : He also made an album with Dave Stewart that year, "Three Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine", which yielded his #5 solo single "Dreamtime".
Daryl Hall : They played together until Oates transferred to a different school at age 19.
Daryl Hall : Hall restores and preserves historic homes in both the United States and England.
Daryl Hall : The duo released a Christmas album in October 2006 titled "Home for Christmas".
Daryl Hall : He has recorded such solo works as "Soul Alone" in 1993 and "Can't Stop Dreaming" in 1996, both of which were received well internationally.
Daryl Hall : Hall participated in the We Are the World session as well as closing the Live Aid show in Philadelphia.
Daryl Hall : In the 1970s and early 1980s, Hall scored numerous "Billboard" chart hits and is regarded as one of the best soul singers of his generation.
Daryl Hall : In 1969 Hall again began recording songs by other artists, which led to the duo signing their first record contract in early 1972.
Daryl Hall : He also has restored a Georgian-style home in London, England, first built in 1740, with direct waterfront access to the River Thames.
Daryl Hall : In 2008, he purchased the 18th century Bray House, in Kittery Point, Maine and is in the process of restoring it.
Daryl Hall : Hall was born in Pottstown, a Pennsylvania borough from Philadelphia.
Daryl Hall : Guitarist Robert Fripp, who collaborated with him in the late 1970s and early 1980s, has written, "Daryl's pipes were a wonder.
Daryl Hall : The duo recorded one more album with Atlantic, "War Babies" (produced by Todd Rundgren), before they were dropped and promptly signed to RCA.
Daryl Hall : Hall had a nearly 30-year relationship with songwriter Sara Allen (the inspiration for the song "Sara Smile", and a frequent collaborator with Hall & Oates), which ended in 2001 for undisclosed reasons.
Daryl Hall : On March 12, 2008, Hall played a well-received set with his band at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas.
Daryl Hall : Amanda has two children, March and Orson, from a previous relationship; her daughter March sang backing vocals on songs "Save Me," "Message to Ya" and "Eyes for You" on Daryl Hall's 2011 album, "Laughing Down Crying".. Amanda died in January 2019.
Daryl Hall : In 1994 composed "Gloryland" that was official album of the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
Daryl Hall : Their set consisted of a mix of both Hall & Oates and Chromeo tracks.
Daryl Hall : In 1985 he performed two songs in the first Farm Aid concert in Champaign, Illinois.
Daryl Hall : Signed to Atlantic by Ahmet Ertegun and managed by Tommy Mottola in the early 1970s, Hall & Oates have sold more albums than any other duo in music history.
Daryl Hall : On September 27, 2011, he released the album "Laughing Down Crying" on Verve Records.
Daryl Hall : He purchased two homes located near Hartford, Connecticut – one built in 1771, the other in 1780 – and had them moved to the same property in New York's Dutchess County where they were combined and restored.
Daryl Hall : While performing at the Uptown theater, Hall formed creative affiliations with such artists as Smokey Robinson, The Temptations, and many other top soul singers of the 1960s.
Daryl Hall : In 1967 Hall met John Oates, who was also an undergraduate at Temple University.
Daryl Hall : In 1977 Fripp produced and performed on Hall's debut solo album, the much-acclaimed "Sacred Songs."
Daryl Hall : Hall did not let Oates' departure discourage him from pursuing his own musical career: he dropped out of college in 1968 and worked with Tim Moore in a short-lived rock band, Gulliver, and released an album on the Elektra Records label.
Daryl Hall : On June 11, 2010, Hall shared the stage with electronic duo Chromeo for a special late night set at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival.
Daryl Hall : Daryl Franklin Hohl (born October 11, 1946), better known by his stage name Daryl Hall, is an American rock, R&B, and soul singer; keyboardist, guitarist, songwriter, and producer, best known as the co-founder and lead vocalist of Hall & Oates (with guitarist and songwriter John Oates).
Daryl Hall : Since late 2007, he has hosted the web television series "Live from Daryl's House," which is now aired on MTV.
Daryl Hall : Their second album, "Abandoned Luncheonette," produced by Arif Mardin and released in 1973, yielded the single, "She's Gone", which went to No.
Daryl Hall : In addition to his work with Oates, Hall has made music as a solo artist, as well as recording with Robert Fripp in the late ‘70s, working on Fripp’s critically praised "Exposure" album from 1979.
Daryl Hall : In 2009, Hall guest starred on the Independent Film Channel series, "Z-Rock" (as himself).
Daryl Hall : In college at Temple University in Philadelphia, he majored in music, while continuing to record, working with Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff as both an artist and a session musician.
Iulian Filipescu : He debuted in Divizia A with Steaua București in 1993.
Iulian Filipescu : Filipescu made his debut for the Romanian national team in 1996 against Yugoslavia, and represented his country at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, Euro 1996 and Euro 2000.
Homi K. Bhabha : Bhabha was awarded the prize for a sentence in his "The Location of Culture" (Routledge, 1994) that reads:
Homi K. Bhabha : Homi K. Bhabha (; born 1 November 1949) is an Indian English scholar and critical theorist.
Homi K. Bhabha : Born in Bombay, India, into a Parsi family, Bhabha graduated with a B.A.
Homi K. Bhabha : in English Literature from Christ Church, Oxford University.
Ayman Nour : He was charged with forging PAs (Powers of Attorney) to secure the formation of the el-Ghad party.
Ayman Nour : He was arrested in 2005 prior to the election and freed six weeks later, and again after the election.
Ayman Nour : The arrest, occurring in an election year, was widely criticized by governments around the world as a step backwards for Egyptian democracy.
Ayman Nour : Nour vehemently denied the charges.
Ayman Nour : Few seem to regard the charges as legitimate.
Ayman Nour : Ayman Abd El Aziz Nour (, ; born 5 December 1964) is an Egyptian politician, a former member of the Egyptian Parliament, founder and chairman of the El Ghad party.
Ayman Nour : Nour was stripped of his parliamentary immunity and arrested on 29 January 2005.
Ayman Nour : That same month, the government announced that it would open elections to multiple candidates in the following month.
Ayman Nour : Nour remained active despite his imprisonment, using the opportunity to write critical articles and make his case and cause better known.
Carlos Xavier : In the 2004–05 campaign he had a brief spell at coaching, assisting at another club from the capital and the top division, G.D. Estoril Praia.
Carlos Xavier : He played 23 Primeira Liga games as the "Lions" won the title in the 1981–82 season, which would be the last until 2000.
Carlos Xavier : Both Xavier and Oceano returned to Sporting in the summer of 1994, and the former played two more years before retiring at the age of 34.
Carlos Xavier : In 1991, after more than 250 competitive appearances, Xavier moved, alongside compatriot and teammate Oceano, to Spain's Real Sociedad, where the pair was equally influential, having been reunited with former Sporting boss John Toshack at the La Liga side.
Frank Darabont : When he was still an infant, his family moved to the United States, settling in Chicago.
Frank Darabont : Darabont made his directorial debut with "Buried Alive", a television movie with a $2,000,000 budget that aired on the USA Network in 1990.
Frank Darabont : The first film he wrote and directed was a short adaptation of Stephen King's "The Woman in the Room", which was one of the first "Dollar Babies" and made the semi-finalist list for Academy Award consideration in 1983.
Frank Darabont : Darabont was born in a refugee camp in 1959 in Montbéliard, Doubs, France.
Frank Darabont : In his early career, he was primarily a screenwriter for horror films such as "", "The Blob" and "The Fly II".
Frank Darabont : Frank Árpád Darabont (born Ferenc Árpád Darabont, January 28, 1959) is a Hungarian-American film director, screenwriter and producer who has been nominated for three Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
Frank Darabont : Although Darabont was not happy with how the short turned out, it led to a close association with King, who granted him the "handshake deal" rights to another one of his shorter works, "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption" from the collection "Different Seasons".
Frank Darabont : Darabont was a script doctor for the Steven Spielberg films "Saving Private Ryan" and "Minority Report".
David Cal : He was a reserve at the Sydney Olympics.
David Cal : Cal has competed on the senior circuit since 2003, winning five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
David Cal : David Cal Figueroa (born 10 October 1982 in Cangas do Morrazo) is a Spanish sprint canoeist who has competed since 1999.
David Cal : Competing in three Summer Olympics, he has won five medals with a gold (C-1 1000 m: 2004 Summer Olympics) and four silvers (C-1 500 m: 2004, 2008; C-1 1000 m: 2008 and 2012; C-1 1000 m: 2012).
Pasteur Bizimungu : He received a five-year sentence for each of these convictions, which were to run consecutively.
Pasteur Bizimungu : On 7 June 2004 he was sentenced to 15 years in prison for attempting to form a militia, inciting violence, and embezzlement.
Pasteur Bizimungu : It was almost immediately banned by the government, which accused it of being a radical Hutu party.
Pasteur Bizimungu : In July 1994 the RPF gained control of the country and established a national unity government.
Pasteur Bizimungu : He was released on 6 April 2007, having been pardoned by Kagame.
Pasteur Bizimungu : Bizimungu resigned in March 2000 in a dispute over the make-up of a new cabinet, and Kagame became president.
Pasteur Bizimungu : On 17 February 2006, Bizimungu's appeal, based on the fact that he was convicted of crimes different from those with which he was initially charged, was denied by the Supreme Court.
Pasteur Bizimungu : He was placed under house arrest for continuing the operations of the party on 19 April 2002 and charged with endangering the state.
Pasteur Bizimungu : After Habyarimana's death in a plane crash on 6 April 1994, ethnic extremists unleashed the Rwandan genocide.
Pasteur Bizimungu : Pasteur Bizimungu (born 1950) was the third President of Rwanda, holding office from 19 July 1994 until 23 March 2000.
Pasteur Bizimungu : During Bizimungu's administration, many believed that he was merely a figurehead, and Kagame held the real power.
Pasteur Bizimungu : A Rwandan, Bizimingu was born in the Gisenyi prefecture of Rwanda.
Pasteur Bizimungu : In 1990 he joined the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) after his brother, a colonel in the Rwandan Armed Forces, was murdered.
Pasteur Bizimungu : In May 2001, Bizimungu founded a new political party, the Party for Democratic Renewal (PDR), known as Ubuyanja in Kinyarwanda.
Pasteur Bizimungu : In the 1980s and 1990s, Bizimungu worked within the lolutu MRND government which ruled Rwanda until 1994.
Marcel Răducanu : Răducanu was honoured as Romanian Footballer of the Year in 1980.
Marcel Răducanu : Since 1994, he has run a football school in Dortmund.
Marcel Răducanu : Marcel Răducanu (born 21 October 1954 in Bucharest) is a Romanian former footballer who played for Steaua Bucureşti, Borussia Dortmund, FC Zürich and the Romanian national team.
Nicolas Vogondy : He attacked his two companions just over a kilometer before the finish, as they were about to be caught by the peloton.
Nicolas Vogondy : After seventeen years as a professional, Vogondy retired at the end of the 2013 season.
Nicolas Vogondy : He has multiple appearances in the three Grand Tours, the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España.
Nicolas Vogondy : In 2002 he became national champion of France when he outsprinted Nicolas Jalabert and Patrice Halgand.
Nicolas Vogondy : Vogondy stayed ahead of the pack until about 70 meters before the finish, when he was passed by top sprinters like Mark Cavendish, who won the stage.
Nicolas Vogondy : His first professional win came in that same year when he won the third stage of the Tour de Normandie.
Nicolas Vogondy : He won the overall rankings of the Boucles de la Mayenne in 2007, after winning the second stage earlier.
Nicolas Vogondy : Nicolas Vogondy (born 8 August 1977) is a French former professional road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 1997 and 2013.
Nicolas Vogondy : Vogondy was in the breakaway on stage 5 of 2008 Tour de France.
Samuel Dalembert : He appeared in four preseason games for the team, but a left leg injury forced him to miss the final three games of the preseason schedule.
Samuel Dalembert : He played college basketball for Seton Hall University.
Samuel Dalembert : Dalembert was selected with the 26th overall pick by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2001 NBA draft.
Samuel Dalembert : On January 5, 2015, he was waived by the Knicks.
Samuel Dalembert : Dalembert was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti and lived there for fourteen years before moving to Montreal, where he attended Lucien-Pagé (High School).
Samuel Dalembert : Samuel Davis Dalembert (born May 10, 1981) is a Haitian-Canadian former professional basketball player who played 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Samuel Dalembert : On December 26, 2011, he signed a multi-year deal with the Houston Rockets.
Samuel Dalembert : After playing 8 seasons with the 76ers, he was traded to the Sacramento Kings for Andrés Nocioni and Spencer Hawes on June 17, 2010.
Samuel Dalembert : On July 19, 2013, Dalembert signed with the Dallas Mavericks.
Samuel Dalembert : On June 27, 2012, Dalembert was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks, along with John Henson, the 14th pick in the 2012 NBA draft, for Jon Brockman, Jon Leuer, Shaun Livingston, and Jeremy Lamb, the 12th pick in the 2012 NBA draft.
Geoff Downes : In 2005, he joined Yes drummer Alan White's eponymous band, White, on their debut album.
Geoff Downes : In recent years, Downes has teamed up with Wetton in a separate project under the name Icon.
Geoff Downes : His father was a church organist and his mother a pianist.
Geoff Downes : Downes was born at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport, Cheshire, the son of musical parents.
Geoff Downes : After graduating he moved to London, where he played sessions and composed advertising jingles.
Geoff Downes : Then they continued to work together, eventually forming The Buggles, recording a worldwide hit single "Video Killed the Radio Star" in 1979.
Geoff Downes : Yes split at the beginning of 1981, and Downes subsequently joined forces with guitarist Steve Howe (from Yes), bassist/vocalist John Wetton (from King Crimson) and drummer Carl Palmer (from Emerson, Lake & Palmer) to form Asia.
Geoff Downes : He attended Stockport Grammar School before studying at Leeds College of Music.
Kurt Russell : His sister, Jill, is the mother of baseball player Matt Franco.
Kurt Russell : Kurt Vogel Russell (born March 17, 1951) is an American actor.
Kurt Russell : In 1966, Walt Disney wrote "Kurt Russell" on a piece of paper as his final words.
Kurt Russell : Born in Springfield, Massachusetts, Russell is the son of actor Bing Russell (1926–2003) and dancer Louise Julia (née Crone) Russell.
Kurt Russell : In the 1980s, he starred in several films directed by John Carpenter, including anti-hero roles such as army hero-turned-robber Snake Plissken in the futuristic action film "Escape from New York" (1981), and its sequel "Escape from L.A." (1996), "Tango & Cash" (1989), helicopter pilot R.J. MacReady in the remake of the horror film "The Thing" (1982), and truck driver Jack Burton in the dark kung-fu comedy action film "Big Trouble in Little China" (1986), all of which have since become cult films.
Kurt Russell : Russell married actress Season Hubley, whom he met while filming "Elvis", in 1979, and had a son, Boston (born February 16, 1980).
Kurt Russell : He was nominated for an Emmy Award for the television film "Elvis" (1979), also directed by Carpenter.
Juanjo Guarnido : After Guarnido left Disney, he reconnected with Canales.
Juanjo Guarnido : Unfortunately, the small size of the Spanish market forced him to turn to other means of earning a living.
Juanjo Guarnido : He studied painting at the Faculty of Fine Arts of the University of Granada.
Juanjo Guarnido : There he met Juan Díaz Canales, with whom he discussed producing comics.
Juanjo Guarnido : In 1990, he left Granada and moved to Madrid, where he worked on a TV series for three years.
Juanjo Guarnido : After contacting several editors, Guarnido and Canales finally signed on with French publisher Dargaud, and in November 2000, "Quelque part entre les ombres (Somewhere within the Shadows)" was published.
Juanjo Guarnido : In 1993, Guarnido applied for a job with the Walt Disney Studios in Montreuil, France and consequently moved to Paris.
Juanjo Guarnido : He was the lead animator for the character Sabor in the Disney film "Tarzan".
Juanjo Guarnido : Guarnido was born in Granada, Spain.
Ibrahima Traoré : Ibrahima Traoré (born 21 April 1988) is a French-born Guinean international footballer who plays professionally for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach, as a left winger.
Gervasio Deferr : Deferr started in gymnastics at the age of five.
Gervasio Deferr : In January 2011, he announced his retirement.
Gervasio Deferr : Each of his ankles show a tattoo with the logo of one of these two Olympic Games.
Gervasio Deferr : At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he won the silver medal on the floor exercise with a score of 15.775.
Gervasio Deferr : Gervasio Deferr Ángel (born 7 November 1980) is a retired gymnast from Spain who competed at three Olympic Games.
Gervasio Deferr : He became the Olympic champion in men's vault at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney (scored 9.712) and has repeated the feat at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens (scoring 9.737 average — vault 1 scored 9.687; vault 2 scored 9.787).
Hideki Shirakawa : Shirakawa graduated from Tokyo Institute of Technology (Tokyo Tech) with a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering in 1961, he also received doctorate from Tokyo Tech in 1966.
Hideki Shirakawa : He is also related to Naoko Takahashi, the women's marathon gold medalist of the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Hideki Shirakawa : Shirakawa awarded the 2000 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with UPenn's physics professor Alan J. Heeger and chemistry professor Alan G. MacDiarmid, "for the discovery and development of conductive polymers".
Srgjan Kerim : It cuts across all sectors – energy, agriculture, security and trade.
Srgjan Kerim : He then became Ambassador and Permanent Representative of North Macedonia to the United Nations (2001-2003).
Srgjan Kerim : From 2000 to 2001, Dr. Kerim was Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia.
Srgjan Kerim : Srgjan Kerim (, ; born December 12, 1948) is a Macedonian diplomat, economist, former Foreign Minister and President of the 62nd Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Evan Goldberg : He was raised in Marpole.
Evan Goldberg : He attended Point Grey Secondary School (where he met Rogen) and McGill University, and is married to Lisa (Yadavaia) Goldberg.
Evan Goldberg : Goldberg was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, to a Jewish family.
Evan Goldberg : Evan Goldberg (born May 11, 1982) is a Canadian screenwriter, film and television producer, comedian and television and film director.
Evan Goldberg : After learning that "The Simpsons" executive producer James L. Brooks was a fan of "Superbad", they decided to ask the producers of the show if they could write an episode.
Rob Dyrdek : Big Black also set two eating records on the show: most bananas eaten in one minute and the most number of powdered donuts eaten in three minutes.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek has one sister.
Rob Dyrdek : I would sit in school and think about all the tricks I was going to do, then I’d get out of school and skate until they made me come inside."
Rob Dyrdek : Of his early interest in the sport, Dyrdek has stated, "I was so focused on becoming a pro skateboarder.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek's personal bests—some of which have since been surpassed—include:
Rob Dyrdek : In 2011, Dyrdek appeared in "Jackass 3.5", in a scene with Johnny Knoxville.
Rob Dyrdek : He became engaged to his girlfriend Filipino–American model Bryiana Noelle Flores after proposing to her at Disneyland.
Rob Dyrdek : Later that year, on August 29, 2011, Dyrdek started another show with the MTV network, called "Ridiculousness", where he comments on internet videos that are mainly mishaps.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek made a movie entitled "Street Dreams" in 2009.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek was born on June 28, 1974 in Kettering, Ohio to Gene and Patty Dyrdek.
Rob Dyrdek : It covered Dyrdek’s "Fantasy Factory", a converted warehouse where Dyrdek runs his businesses.
Rob Dyrdek : He also built a music studio for his cousin Pfaff inside the factory.
Rob Dyrdek : During his time with DC, Dyrdek began his exploration of entrepreneurship through shoe design and this led Dyrdek to launch various short-lived companies, including a hip hop record label and a skate shop.
Rob Dyrdek : As part of the "Fantasy Factory" series, Dyrdek set the record for the largest skateboard (according to the Guinness World Records website, it is listed as the "Longest Skateboard in the World"), but, according to the "World Records Academy" website, this was broken in 2010.
Rob Dyrdek : Soon after moving to California, Dyrdek began to ride for Droors Clothing, a company that was then transformed into DC Shoes.
Rob Dyrdek : In Skate 2, the player is able to purchase an early version of the Fantasy Factory as an add-on, allowing the player to skate within the factory premises.
Rob Dyrdek : At the grand-opening, Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa rode with Dyrdek on the world's largest skateboard.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek set twenty-one separate Guinness World Records for skateboarding as part of his former show "Rob & Big".
Rob Dyrdek : A few years later, Dyrdek and Blender quit their board sponsor and created Alien Workshop.
Rob Dyrdek : At the age of 16, Dyrdek decided to forgo his senior year of high school and instead moved to Southern California to continue with his professional skate career.
Rob Dyrdek : Robert Stanley Dyrdek (born June 28, 1974) is an American entrepreneur, actor, producer, reality TV personality, and former professional skateboarder.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek has been sponsored by Silver Trucks (a company that he helped establish in 2003), EA Skate, and Monster Energy.
Rob Dyrdek : In addition, Dyrdek has partnerships with various brands, including Rogue Status (with musician Travis Barker).
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek was involved in sports as a child and began skateboarding at the age of 11, when he received his first skateboard from professional skateboarder Neil Blender.
Rob Dyrdek : In February 2009, "Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory", featuring Dyrdek, Pfaff, and his Dyrdek Enterprise staff, was first broadcast.
Rob Dyrdek : At the age of 12, Dyrdek acquired sponsorship from the same company that Blender was a team member of and began his skateboarding career.
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek first starred in the MTV reality series, "Rob & Big" (aired November 2006 to April 2008), with his best friend and bodyguard Christopher "Big Black" Boykin, as well as his cousin, Chris "Drama" Pfaff and friend Rashawn "Bam Bam" Davis.
Rob Dyrdek : "Wild Grinders", a fictional cartoon skate crew, is Dyrdek's venture into toys based on him and his group of childhood skateboarding friends.
Rob Dyrdek : He is best known for his roles in the reality shows "Rob & Big", "Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory" and "Ridiculousness".
Rob Dyrdek : Dyrdek's properties have included "Wild Grinders" (an animated series on the Nickelodeon network), and Street League Skateboarding (SLS).
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : He is a member of the Club of Madrid and was its president from 2003 to 2006.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : In 1985, he ran unsuccessfully for mayor of São Paulo against former President Jânio Quadros.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Since leaving the Brazilian presidency, Cardoso has been involved in a number of international organisations and initiatives.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : From May 1993 to April 1994, he was Minister of Finance and resigned in April 1994 to launch a presidential campaign.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Born in Rio de Janeiro, he lived in São Paulo for most of his life.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : He also experienced personal problems with former ally Itamar Franco, his predecessor and later became Governor of Minas Gerais, a fierce opponent of his administrative reforms that saw the state lose its capacity to contract debt and forced a reduction of local government spending.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Cardoso's administration deepened the privatization program launched by president Fernando Collor de Mello.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Despite the sale of public assets, the years 1995 to 2002 saw a rise of the total public debt from 30% to 55.5% of GDP.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : CYC OMRI (; born June 18, 1931), also known by his initials FHC (), is a Brazilian sociologist, professor and politician who served as the 34th President of Brazil from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 2002.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Cardoso is a widower who was married to Ruth Vilaça Correia Leite Cardoso, an anthropologist, from 1953 until her death on June 24, 2008; they had four children.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : Cardoso was succeeded in 2003 by Lula da Silva, who ran for the fourth time and had come in second on prior attempts.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso : In the October 3 election, he won the presidency on the first round of voting with 54% of the vote, more than twice that of his nearest opponent, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Pete Cashmore : Cashmore previously wrote a weekly column on technology and social media for CNN.
Pete Cashmore : He grew up in Banchory and founded Mashable in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, in 2005 when he was 19.
Pete Cashmore : In 2009, Cashmore was recognized in "Inc."<nowiki>'</nowiki>s "30 Under 30", "Forbes"<nowiki>'</nowiki> "Top 25 Web Celebs", and "The Huffington Post"'s "Top 10 Game Changers 2009".
Jacky Durand : He turned professional in 1991.
Jacky Durand : Jacky Durand (born 10 February 1967 in Laval, Mayenne) is a retired French professional road bicycle racer.
Jacky Durand : His name was on the list of doping tests published by the French Senate on 24 July 2013 that were collected during the 1998 Tour de France and found positive for EPO when retested in 2004.
Jacky Durand : He was national road champion in 1993 and 1994 and won Paris–Tours in 1998, the first French winner in 42 years.
Héctor Enrique : For Argentina he was a vital part of the squad that won the 1986 World Cup.
Héctor Enrique : He is currently assistant coach at Al-Wasl club of UAE Arabian Gulf League.
Héctor Enrique : He also played for Deportivo Español in Argentina and Tosu Futures and FPI Hamamatsu in Japan.
Héctor Enrique : Héctor Adolfo Enrique (born 26 April 1962 in Lanús) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder, and who was assistant coach of the Argentina national team.
Patrice Désilets : Born in 1974 at Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Désilets is the son of Jacques Désilets, mathematician and director of CEGEP, and Luce de Bellefeuille, Director General of the Secretariat for International Adoption.
Alfonso Sastre : In 1990 he wrote "¿Dónde estás, Ulalume, dónde estás?"
Alfonso Sastre : He had three siblings (Aurora, Ana and Jose), and received a Catholic upbringing.
Alfonso Sastre : That same year he wrote the revolutionary drama "Tierra Roja" ("Red Earth"), which was never allowed to be presented as it dealt with the subject of exploitation.
Alfonso Sastre : Alfonso Sastre was born into a typical middle-class family.
Alfonso Sastre : On 17 September 1954 the play "La Mordaza" ("The Gag") premiered, dealing with themes of dictatorship and repression.
Alfonso Sastre : He survived hunger and bombing during the Spanish Civil War and later received a degree from the Institute Cardinal Cisneros of Madrid.
Alfonso Sastre : In 1950 he signed, along with Jose M. de Quinto, the Theater of Social Agitation Manifesto (TAS), and vehemently defended, through books and newspapers, the use of theater as a means of social agitation.
Alfonso Sastre : Alfonso Sastre (born 20 February 1926 in Madrid) is a Spanish playwright, essayist, and critic associated with the Generation of '36 movement.
Alfonso Sastre : His most noteworthy plays include "Death Squad" (1953), "The Gag" (1954), "Death Thrust" (1960), and "Tragicomedy of the Gypsy Celestina" (1984).
Bryan Burk : Bryan Burk (born December 30, 1968) is an American film and television producer.
Bryan Burk : In 1995, he joined Gerber Pictures, where he developed TNT's Emmy-winning "James Dean".
Bryan Burk : He began his career working with producers Brad Weston at Columbia Pictures, Ned Tanen at Sony Pictures and John Davis at FOX.
Frank Lamprecht : He is a co-author of "Fundamental Chess Endings" (2001) and "Secrets of Pawn Endings" (2000), both with Karsten Müller.
John Edwards : In Washington.
John Edwards : He was also the first person to introduce comprehensive anti-spyware legislation with the "Spyware Control and Privacy Protection Act".
John Edwards : Edwards stated that his main goals were eliminating poverty, fighting global warming, providing universal health care, and withdrawing troops from Iraq.
John Edwards : Edwards won election to the U.S. Senate in 1998 as a Democrat running against incumbent Republican Senator Lauch Faircloth.
John Edwards : In his time in the Senate, Edwards co-sponsored 203 bills.
John Edwards : That same month, Edwards was appointed as director of the Center on Poverty, Work and Opportunity at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for studying ways to move people out of poverty.
John Edwards : Johnny Reid "John" Edwards (born June 10, 1953) is an American lawyer and former politician who served as a U.S. senator from North Carolina.
Peter Sunde : The trial began on 16 February 2009.
Peter Sunde : The supreme court of Sweden subsequently refused to hear any further appeal.
Peter Sunde : Peter Sunde ran for European Parliament in 2014 election with the Pirate Party of Finland.
Peter Sunde : Each defendant was sentenced to one year in prison and ordered to pay damages of 30 million SEK (approximately €2,740,900 or US$3,620,000), to be apportioned among the four defendants.
Peter Sunde : He is best known for being a co-founder and ex-spokesperson of The Pirate Bay, a BitTorrent search engine.
Peter Sunde : Flattr itself takes a 10% administration fee.
Peter Sunde : The defendants' lawyers appealed to the Svea Court of Appeal together with a request for a retrial in the district court claiming bias on the part of judge Tomas Norström.
Peter Sunde : Segments of an interview with Sunde talking about copyright, the Internet, and culture are featured in the 2007 documentary "Steal This Film" and 2013 documentary "TPB AFK".
Peter Sunde : Flattr is a micropayments system started by Sunde and Linus Olsson, which enables viewers of websites to make small donations to the developer by clicking a "Flattr this" button.
Peter Sunde : Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi (born 13 September 1978), alias brokep, is a Swedish entrepreneur and politician.
Peter Sunde : On 17 April 2009, Sunde and his co-defendants were found to be guilty of "assisting in making copyright content available" in the Stockholm District Court.
Khalid Boulami : Khalid Boulami (; born 7 August 1969) is a former long-distance runner from Morocco.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard has three other siblings.
Thorgan Hazard : He featured in all three matches as Belgium crashed out in the group stage portion of the competition.
Thorgan Hazard : However, Hazard did not feature in the match and finished the 2010–11 campaign with no senior team appearances.
Thorgan Hazard : The family lived "no more than three meters" from a football training ground and the brothers often ventured onto a training pitch through a small hole in order to hone and develop their skills.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard and his three brothers were raised in a comfortable environment with their parents ensuring they had whatever they needed to excel.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard's other younger brothers are Kylian and Ethan.
Thorgan Hazard : For the rest of the under-16 campaign, he scored goals in matches against Malta and Poland.
Thorgan Hazard : Similar to his brother's move to Lille, his parents accepted an offer from Lens with hopes that the training facilities in France would be better, here he met fellow Belgium player and future Chelsea teammate Charly Musonda.
Thorgan Hazard : However, Hazard began the season with the club's Championnat de France amateur team in the fourth division.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard also played with the team at the 2009 edition of the Aegean Cup in Turkey.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard is a Belgian youth international and has represented his nation at under-16, under-17, and under-18 level.
Thorgan Hazard : With the under-16 team, Hazard was a regular participant.
Thorgan Hazard : Ahead of the 2010–11 season, Hazard trained with the senior team during the pre-season.
Thorgan Hazard : Ahead of the 2011–12 season, Hazard was promoted to the senior team permanently and assigned the number 22 shirt.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard was one of seven standby players named for Belgium's squad for the 2014 World Cup final stages.
Thorgan Hazard : On 4 June 2018, manager Roberto Martínez named Hazard in Belgium's 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard's father later admitted Eden was much better than Thorgan, and that joining clubs in the North of France was the best solution, stating, "They remained so close to home and, at the same time, they integrated at structures where they could grow, because in Belgium, unfortunately, it's a little empty for the training of youth."
Thorgan Hazard : On 22 May 2019, Hazard joined Borussia Dortmund on a five-year contract for a reported fee of €25.5 million.
Thorgan Hazard : On his pre-season debut, he scored a goal in a 1–1 draw with Belgian club Roeselare.
Thorgan Hazard : On 5 July 2014, Hazard was loaned to Borussia Mönchengladbach of the German Bundesliga for the 2014–15 season.
Thorgan Hazard : On 7 April 2010, Hazard signed his first professional contract after agreeing to a three-year deal until June 2013.
Thorgan Hazard : In the team's next match in the tournament, against Macedonia, Hazard scored a goal in a 3–0 victory.
Thorgan Hazard : He made his debut on 16 September 2008 in a 5–0 defeat to Germany in a tournament in Hassloch.
Thorgan Hazard : After spending most of the season playing concurrently with the reserve team in the CFA and with the under-19 team in the Coupe Gambardella, on 9 May 2011, Hazard was named to the senior team for the first time on 11 May in a Ligue 1 match against Bordeaux.
Thorgan Hazard : Thorgan Ganael Francis Hazard (; born 29 March 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or as a winger for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Belgium national team.
Thorgan Hazard : While in the club's youth academy, Hazard played for the Lens under-16 team, alongside players such as Geoffrey Kondogbia and Raphaël Varane, that won the 2008–09 edition of the "Championnat National des 16 ans" 44.
Thorgan Hazard : On 29 May, he made his senior international debut for Belgium as a second-half substitute for Chelsea teammate Romelu Lukaku in the 4–2 friendly win over the United States.
Thorgan Hazard : On 16 May 2013, Hazard earned his first senior call-up after being included in Marc Wilmots' 28-man squad ahead of a friendly with the United States followed by a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Serbia.
Thorgan Hazard : He made his professional debut in Lens' opening league match of the season against Reims, appearing as a second-half substitute in a 2–0 defeat.
Thorgan Hazard : Hazard began his football career playing for hometown club Royal Stade Brainois at age five.
Thorgan Hazard : His older brother, Eden, played for Lens' biggest rivals Lille and now plays for Real Madrid in Spain.
Thorgan Hazard : He is the younger brother of Eden and older brother of Kylian Hazard.
Thorgan Hazard : He made his amateur debut on 8 August 2010, appearing as a substitute in a 2–0 victory over Drancy.
Josep Moratalla : Josep Moratalla Claramunt (born 1 October 1958) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a coach.
Mirsad Fazlagić : After the end of the war he worked as a manager in Kuwait.
Mirsad Fazlagić : He also took part in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Mirsad Fazlagić : He was named part of the tournament's All-star team.
Mirsad Fazlagić : The second leg played at Old Trafford ended in controversy after the ball went out of bounds prior to the hosts scoring the winning goal.
Mirsad Fazlagić : After signing a pre-contract with Juventus in the fall of 1971, which would have made him the most expensive defender in history until that point, he suffered a horrendous knee injury and the transfer fell through.
Mirsad Fazlagić : On the international stage, Fazlagić made 19 appearances for Yugoslavia, earning his first cap on 31 March 1963 against Belgium (1:0).
Mirsad Fazlagić : His farewell match for the club was against Sporting CP at the Stadium Koševo, a 2–2 draw.
Mirsad Fazlagić : He retired prematurely in 1975 having played 404 matches for FK Sarajevo while finding the back of the net 10 times.
Mirsad Fazlagić : After eight years of managing the youth teams, he was named assistant manager to former club and international teammate Boško Antić.
Mirsad Fazlagić : Fazlagić started his football career in the youth setup of his local hometown team Čapljina in 1957.
Mirsad Fazlagić : The team, fielding many future European stars including Zvonimir Boban, Robert Prosinečki, Davor Šuker and Predrag Mijatović, lifted the trophy.
Mirsad Fazlagić : After recovering for nearly a year, he was again fielded by then-FK Sarajevo manager Srboljub Markušević.
Mirsad Fazlagić : After one season with the blues he made a switch to bitter city rivals FK Sarajevo in the summer of 1960.
Mirsad Fazlagić : As a talented seventeen year old, he was acquired by Yugoslav First League side FK Željezničar, where he also made his debut in the top tier of Yugoslav football.
Mirsad Fazlagić : In 1974, Fazlagić was named player-manager of FK Sarajevo, which he led for one season, eventually being transferred to the club's youth department in order to gain more coaching experience.
Mirsad Fazlagić : He is especially known internationally for being the captain of Yugoslavia during the 1968 European Football Championship, where the side took silver after a tight loss to the home team Italy after a two-legged final at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome.
Mirsad Fazlagić : With the start of the Bosnian war and the Siege of Sarajevo in 1992, Fazlagić rejoined FK Sarajevo and took part in the club's famous 1993–94 World tour, with the goal of garnering support and international aid for the newly independent state.
Mirsad Fazlagić : In 1986, he was named assistant to Mirko Jozić in the Yugoslavia under-20 team, taking the side to the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship in Chile.
Mirsad Fazlagić : The pair led a talented team of youngsters, including the likes of Faruk Hadžibegić, Husref Musemić, Slaviša Vukičević, Predrag Pašić and Zijad Švrakić, to the Yugoslav First League title in 1985, thus becoming champions both as players and as managers.
Mirsad Fazlagić : FK Sarajevo was narrowly beaten by Manchester United in the 1967–68 European Cup second round, despite hosting a goalless draw in the first leg.
Mirsad Fazlagić : The team led by prolific scorer Asim Ferhatović finished fourth in the league during the 1963–64 season, with Fazlagić establishing himself as the team's starting right-back.
Philip Leder : Philip Leder (born November 19, 1934) is an American geneticist.
Philip Leder : In 1960, he graduated from Harvard Medical School and completed his medical residency at the University of Minnesota.
Philip Leder : Since that landmark experiment, he has made several groundbreaking contributions in the fields of molecular genetics, immunology and the genetic basis of cancer.
Philip Leder : He is perhaps best known for his early work with Marshall Nirenberg in the elucidation of the genetic code and the Nirenberg and Leder experiment.
Philip Leder : This animal, a mouse which had genes injected into its embryo to increase susceptibility to cancer, became known as the "oncomouse" and has been used in the laboratory study of cancer therapy.
Luca Cadalora : Despite lacking any major sponsors, he still managed to finish the season in third place aboard the Kanemoto-Honda.
Luca Cadalora : Cadalora rejoined Kanemoto for the 1996 season racing a Honda NSR500.
Luca Cadalora : He competed in Grand Prix motorcycle racing from 1984 to 2000.
Luca Cadalora : Cadalora finished his career with Kenny Roberts' Modenas team in 2000.
Luca Cadalora : In 1991, Cadalora switched to the Rothmans Honda factory racing team and won the 250cc World Championship aboard an Erv Kanemoto-tuned Honda NSR250.
Luca Cadalora : In three seasons on the Roberts Yamaha, he displayed flashes of brilliance, finishing as high as second to Mick Doohan in 1994.
John Broughton : The short-period comet P/2005 T5 (Broughton) was discovered in October, 2005, followed nine months later by the hyperbolic comet C/2006 OF2 (Broughton) at a distant 7.7 AU from the sun and more than two years from reaching perihelion.
John Broughton : He is among the most prolific discoverers of minor planets worldwide, credited by the Minor Planet Center with more than a thousand discoveries made between 1997 and 2008.
Pol Amat : After competing for Spain in both the Sydney 2000 and Athens 2004 Olympics, he won another silver medal in Beijing 2008.
Pol Amat : Pol Amat Escudé (born June 18, 1978 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish retired field hockey player, who played as a striker.
Kenth Eldebrink : Kenth Eldebrink (born 14 May 1955 in Morjärv) is a retired Swedish athlete who mainly competed in the men's javelin throw event.
Tim Hunt : Hunt was knighted in the 2006 Birthday Honours for his service to science.
Tim Hunt : In 1990, he began work at Imperial Cancer Research Fund, later known as the Cancer Research UK London Research Institute, in the United Kingdom, where his work focused on understanding on what makes cell go cancerous, that is: proliferate uncontrollably, with the ordinary inhibitory signals switched off.
Tim Hunt : Sir Richard Timothy Hunt, (born 19 February 1943) is a British biochemist and molecular physiologist.
Tim Hunt : Hunt was elected a fellow of the UK's Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 1998, and a foreign associate of the US National Academy of Sciences in 1999.
Tim Hunt : Hunt regularly spent summers working at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, which was popular with scientists for its advanced summer courses, and in particular, with those interested in the study of mitosis.
Tim Hunt : He also found that cyclins are present in vertebrate cells, where they also regulate the cell cycle.
Tim Hunt : Hunt found that cyclins begin to be synthesised after the eggs are fertilised and increase in levels during interphase, until they drop very quickly in the middle of mitosis in each cell division.
Tim Hunt : In 2001, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland Hartwell and Paul Nurse for their discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin-dependent kinases.
Joaquim Rafael Branco : Branco served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2001.
Joaquim Rafael Branco : Joaquim Rafael Branco (born 1953) is a São Toméan politician who was Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from 2008 to 2010.
Joaquim Rafael Branco : He was Minister of Public Works in July 2003, when he was detained by the military during a briefly successful coup d'etat led by Major Fernando Pereira.
Joaquim Rafael Branco : Trovoada's Independent Democratic Action (ADI) party denounced Menezes' designation of the MLSTP/PSD to form a government as unconstitutional.
Juan Pablo Montoya : It was his last finish of the year.
Juan Pablo Montoya : For the next three years Montoya raced in various divisions, continually progressing upward.
Juan Pablo Montoya : The same year he also participated in the U.S.
Juan Pablo Montoya : Overall, he finished the season in 4th position in the Drivers' Championship.
Juan Pablo Montoya : He also nearly won Dover but ended up being passed by Tony Stewart with three laps remaining.
Juan Pablo Montoya : 1993 saw Montoya switch to the Swift GTI Championship, a series he dominated by winning seven of eight races and earning eight poles.
Juan Pablo Montoya : He graduated from the Colegio San Tarsicio in Bogotá in the same year.
Juan Pablo Montoya : Montoya, Scott Dixon, Dario Franchitti, and Jamie McMurray drove the No.
Juan Pablo Montoya : On August 13, 2013 it was announced that Montoya's contract with Earnhardt Ganassi Racing would not be renewed for the 2014 season.
Juan Pablo Montoya : Juan Pablo Montoya Roldán (; born September 20, 1975), is a Colombian-American racing driver.
Juan Pablo Montoya : He raced in the 1995 British Formula Vauxhall Championship, winning three races and finishing third in the championship.
Juan Pablo Montoya : Montoya won the 1998 F3000 season with four wins, seven pole positions, and nine podium finishes in twelve races.
Juan Pablo Montoya : In the Toyota Owners 400 at Richmond International Raceway, Montoya almost scored his first career Sprint Cup Series oval-track win, but finished fourth due to an untimely caution coming out with three laps to go (caused by Brian Vickers crashing).
Juan Pablo Montoya : For 2018 Montoya along with Cameron made a full season participation driving the official Oreca Acura for Team Penske.
Juan Pablo Montoya : In 1994, Montoya raced in three separate series: The Sudam 125 Karting (won the title), Barber Saab Pro Series (finished third in points, won two races), and Formula N in Mexico (won the title).
William Hurt : William McChord Hurt (born March 20, 1950) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter.
William Hurt : Artificial Intelligence" (2001), "The Village" (2004), "Syriana" (2005), "The Good Shepherd" (2006), "Mr. Brooks" (2007), "Into the Wild" (2007), "Robin Hood" (2010), and the Marvel Cinematic Universe films "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), "" (2016), "" (2018), "" (2019) and "Black Widow" (2020), in which he portrays Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross.
Bryan Ruiz : On 11 July 2018, free agent Ruiz signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Santos FC.
Bryan Ruiz : Bryan Jafet Ruiz González (; born 18 August 1985) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santos and captains the Costa Rica national team.
Daniel Harding : At the time of his first conducting appearance at The Proms in 1996, he was then the youngest-ever conductor to appear there.
Daniel Harding : One of his new projects with the LSO involved the Sound Adventures program for new compositions.
Daniel Harding : With the orchestra, he has recorded commercially for the Sony Classical label.
Daniel Harding : Daniel Harding (born 31 August 1975) is a British conductor.
Daniel Harding : In April 2013, the orchestra further announced the extension of Harding's contract to 2015.
Daniel Harding : With the LSO, he has conducted a commercial recording of the opera "Billy Budd" for EMI Classics.
Daniel Harding : He conducted the 2005 opening night at La Scala, Milan in "Idomeneo", as a substitute after the resignation of Riccardo Muti earlier in 2005.
Daniel Harding : In June 2015, the Orchestre de Paris announced the appointment of Harding as its 9th principal conductor, effective September 2016.
Daniel Harding : In September 2009, he extended his contract as the orchestra's principal conductor through 2012.
Daniel Harding : At age 17, Harding assembled a group of musicians to perform "Pierrot Lunaire" of Arnold Schoenberg, and sent a tape of the performance to Simon Rattle in Birmingham.
Daniel Harding : After listening to this tape, Rattle hired Harding as an assistant to him at the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra for a year, from 1993 to 1994.
Daniel Harding : He became the Principal Conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra in 2007.
Daniel Harding : Harding then attended the University of Cambridge, but after his first year at university, Claudio Abbado named him his assistant with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
Daniel Harding : In 1997, Harding was the Music Director of the Ojai Music Festival alongside pianist Emanuel Ax.
Daniel Harding : Outside of Europe, in September 2010, Harding took the title of music partner of the New Japan Philharmonic.
Daniel Harding : Harding has been music director of the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra (1997–2000), the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen (1999–2003) and the Mahler Chamber Orchestra (2003–2008).
Daniel Harding : In 2004, Harding was appointed principal guest conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra (LSO), as of 2006.
Daniel Harding : In April 2012, Harding became artistic director of the Ohga Hall in Karuizawa, Japan.
David Geffen : Later in the 1970s Geffen left Asylum which was later acquired by Atlantic's parent company, Warner Communications, and merged with Elektra Records in 1972 to become Elektra/Asylum Records.
David Geffen : David Lawrence Geffen (born February 21, 1943) is an American business magnate, producer, film studio executive, and philanthropist.
David Geffen : Asylum became a generator of the Southern California folk-rock sound and signed artists such as the Eagles, Joni Mitchell, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits, Linda Ronstadt, Warren Zevon, Judee Sill, and J.D.
Maximilian Levy : Maximilian Levy (born 26 June 1987) is a German track cyclist.
Danny Nelissen : He's currently production manager of Dutch Eurosport.
Danny Nelissen : Daniel ("Danny") Wilhelmus Maria Nelissen (born 10 November 1970 in Sittard, Netherlands) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer and former sports commentator at Eurosport.
Danny Nelissen : The triumph lead to Nelissen being voted as 1995 "Dutch Sportsman of the year".
Danny Nelissen : Before 1998, he joined the Danish team, "Team Home - Jack & Jones" (later named Team CSC).
Danny Nelissen : He was brought into the Rabobank team for two years under manager Jan Raas.
Danny Nelissen : In January 1999, further heart problems brought his retirement at 28.
Danny Nelissen : He repeated his confession on Dutch television (RTL7, interview by Wilfred Genee, 21 Jan. 2013).
Rafael Leitão : Rafael Duailibe Leitão (born 28 December 1979) is a Brazilian chess player.
Camilo Vargas : Atlético Nacional
Camilo Vargas : Camilo Andrés Vargas Gil () (9 March 1989) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Club Atlas.
Camilo Vargas : After being loaned out to Deportivo Cali from July 2016 to July 2017, and later the 2018 season, Deportivo Cali confirmed that they had redeemed the player's purchase option and signed a contract until 2021 with the goalkeeper.
Camilo Vargas : In May 2018 he was named in Colombia's preliminary 35 man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Carlos Salcido : Carlos Arnoldo Salcido Flores (; born 2 April 1980) is a former Mexican professional footballer.
Carlos Salcido : Salcido debuted with Mexico September 8, 2004 in a 2006 world cup qualifying match against Trinidad and Tobago, he soon established himself with the number 3 shirt as the national sides first choice left back.
Carlos Salcido : Salcido was included in the 24-man squad selected on 2 April 2006, by head coach Ricardo Lavolpe, to play for the Mexico national team in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Francisco Cerezo : Francisco Javier Cerezo Perales (born 1970), known as "Francisco Cerezo" for short, is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer.
Harry Lloyd : In 2002, he was cast as young Rivers in "Goodbye Mr Chips".
Harry Lloyd : He left the University of Oxford in 2005, graduating with an upper second-class degree.
Harry Lloyd : He toured Japan with "The Comedy of Errors" for the society's 2005 summer tour, starring alongside Felicity Jones.
Harry Lloyd : Harry Charles Salusbury Lloyd (born 17 November 1983) is an English actor.
Harry Lloyd : In 2007, Lloyd made his professional stage debut at the Trafalgar Studios in "A Gaggle of Saints", one of three short plays that make up Neil LaBute's "", for which he received many positive reviews.
Harry Lloyd : He played Jeremy Baines, a student whose mind is taken over by a species of aliens called the Family of Blood, in the "Doctor Who" episodes "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood".
Harry Lloyd : Lloyd was educated at Eton College and, while there, made his television debut at the age of 16 as James Steerforth in the BBC's 1999 adaptation of "David Copperfield" opposite Daniel Radcliffe.
Harry Lloyd : He is the great-great-great-grandson of Victorian writer Charles Dickens through his mother, who is the daughter of Captain Peter Dickens, RN.
Harry Lloyd : He is a cousin of biographer and writer Lucinda Hawksley, and actor and performer Gerald Dickens.
Kevin Jonas : He appeared on "People" magazine's list of the Sexiest Men Alive in 2008 at the age of 21, and thus included as part of the 21 Club.
Kevin Jonas : He guest hosted Live with Kelly, December 13, 2011, and did so a second time on July 4, 2012.
Kevin Jonas : After the group confirmed a hiatus, Kevin appeared on his own E!
Kevin Jonas : According to the band's manager, it was only a "limited release" of a little over 50,000 copies.
Kevin Jonas : The second season followed the band on the European leg of their World Tour 2009.
Kevin Jonas : The name was inspired by their hit song "When You Look Me in the Eyes".
Kevin Jonas : While Greenberg did not like the album, he did like Nick's voice.
Kevin Jonas : The episode broke basic cable records with a record 10.7 million viewers and became basic cable's most watched series telecast ever.
Kevin Jonas : A soundtrack for the movie was released on June 17, 2008.
Kevin Jonas : The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered March 21, 2010.
Kevin Jonas : In early 2005, Columbia Records' new president, Steve Greenberg, listened to Nick's record.
Kevin Jonas : Jonas appeared on MTV's fourth episode of "When I Was 17", talking about life as a teenager, regarding sports and his hairstyles.
Kevin Jonas : It reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 200 chart in its first week.
Kevin Jonas : The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard 200 with 247,000 copies sold.
Kevin Jonas : The show, which ran until September 5, 2008, documented the brother's lives during the "Look Me in the Eyes" Tour.
Kevin Jonas : The band was ultimately dropped by Columbia Records in early 2007.
Kevin Jonas : Around the same time, the brothers began appearing in Gap Inc. commercials for Baby Bottle Pop, singing the jingle.
Kevin Jonas : The couple met while vacationing with their families in the Bahamas in May 2007.
Kevin Jonas : They returned in the sequel, "", which premiered on September 3, 2010.
Kevin Jonas : After hearing the song "Please Be Mine", written and performed by all the brothers, Daylight/Columbia Records decided to sign the three as a group act.
Kevin Jonas : He has three younger brothers, Joe (born 1989), Nick (born 1992), and Frankie (born 2000).
Kevin Jonas : He rose to fame as a member of the pop rock band, Jonas Brothers, alongside his younger brothers Joe and Nick.
Kevin Jonas : Because Sony was not interested in further promoting the band, the Jonas Brothers then considered switching labels.
Kevin Jonas : Their first daughter, Alena Rose Jonas, was born on February 2, 2014, and their second daughter, Valentina Angelina Jonas, was born on October 27, 2016.
Kevin Jonas : Produced by Ryan Seacrest, "Married to Jonas" documented the young couple's domestic life as well as the brothers' recording efforts as they prepared to release their fifth studio album.
Kevin Jonas : The episode debuted alongside the television film "High School Musical 2" and a sneak peek of "Phineas and Ferb".
Kevin Jonas : The film premiered on June 20, 2008 on Disney Channel in the United States, on Disney Channel, and on Family in Canada.
Kevin Jonas : reality series in 2012, "Married to Jonas," with his wife Danielle.
Kevin Jonas : Jonas and his brothers also starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock", where they played a band called "Connect 3".
Kevin Jonas : On June 16, 2009, the brothers' fourth studio album, and third release under Hollywood Records, titled "Lines, Vines, and Trying Times" was released.
Kevin Jonas : "It's About Time", the brothers' first album, was released on August 8, 2006.
Kevin Jonas : After being signed to Columbia, the brothers considered naming their group "Sons of Jonas" before settling on the name "Jonas Brothers".
Kevin Jonas : After shortly being without a label, the Jonas Brothers signed with Hollywood Records in February 2007.
Kevin Jonas : It was announced on May 1, 2012, that the Jonas Brothers parted ways with their record label Hollywood Records, and bought the rights to their music.
Kevin Jonas : Kevin, Joe, Nick, and Frankie starred in their own Disney Channel Original Series, "Jonas", which premiered May 2, 2009.
Kevin Jonas : The Disney Channel reality short series, "", premiered on Disney Channel, May 16, 2008.
Kevin Jonas : The Jonas Brothers' third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer", was released in the United States on August 12, 2008 and peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200.
Kevin Jonas : The show was renewed for a second season premiering June 20, 2010 as "Jonas L.A." It centered on the brothers vacationing at their summer house in Los Angeles with Stella and Macy.
Kevin Jonas : Jonas and his brothers guest-starred in an episode of "Hannah Montana", titled "Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas", which aired August 17, 2007 on Disney Channel.
Kevin Jonas : Kevin played Jason, a guitarist; Nick played Nate, also a guitarist; and Joe played the lead male role and lead singer, Shane Gray.
Kevin Jonas : Their self-titled second album, "Jonas Brothers", was released on August 7, 2007.
Kevin Jonas : Paul Kevin Jonas II, better known as Kevin Jonas, was born in Teaneck, New Jersey, and grew up in Wyckoff, New Jersey His mother, Denise Marie (née Miller), is a former sign language teacher and singer, and his father, Paul Kevin Jonas Sr., is a songwriter, musician, and former ordained minister at an Assemblies of God church.
Kailash Satyarthi : In 2014 he was the co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, along with Malala Yousafzai, “for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.” He is the founder of multiple social activist organizations, including Bachpan Bachao Andolan, Global March Against Child Labour, Global Campaign for Education, Kailash Satyarthi Children's Foundation, and Rugmark now known as GoodWeave International.
Kailash Satyarthi : He conceived and led the Global March Against Child Labor and its international advocacy body, the International Center on Child Labor and Education (ICCLE), which are worldwide coalitions of NGOs, teachers and trades unionists.
Robert Hübner : Over the chessboard, Hübner's technique has been described as efficient and ruthless.
Robert Hübner : Additionally, Hübner is known as one of the world's best xiangqi players not from China.
Robert Hübner : In 2000 he won, with the German team, a silver medal in the 34th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul.
Robert Hübner : His recent contributions are detailed analysis and study of the chess games of world champions – notably Bobby Fischer and Alexander Alekhine.
Robert Hübner : Robert Hübner (born November 6, 1948) is a German chess grandmaster, chess writer, and papyrologist.
Robert Hübner : Hübner's contributions to chess literature include the study of world champions and extensive analysis of 19th-century chess brilliancies.
Robert Hübner : He served as a second to Nigel Short in the 1993 world championship match against Garry Kasparov.
Max Chilton : Maximilian Alexander Chilton (born 21 April 1991) is a British racing driver currently racing for Carlin Motorsport in the IndyCar Series.
Max Chilton : In 2012, he raced in the GP2 series for Marussia-backed Carlin Motorsport.
Max Chilton : In the 2017 Indianapolis 500, Chilton dominated the latter part of the race and led 47 of the last 72 laps, but ultimately finished fourth.
Max Chilton : Prior to IndyCar, he competed in Formula One, driving for Marussia F1 in 2013 and 2014.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : However, he got injured in the start-up and was not able to play for six months.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : He was part of the Icelandic Euro 2016 squad, contributing one assist.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : He was also on the bench for the 1–0 win over Dunfermline in the 2007 Scottish Cup Final.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : Following severe financial difficulties in the running of Lyn, Theódór moved to IFK Göteborg on 22 July 2009.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : On 15 January 2008, Theódór signed for Lyn Oslo, in a bid to play regular first team football again.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : He made his domestic debut for Celtic against Hibernian in the last game of the 2006–07 season and played the full 90 minutes in a match in which he was named man of the match by the Celtic website.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : Theódór Elmar Bjarnason (born 4 March 1987) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Akhisarspor.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : In June 2015 he signed a two-year contract with the Danish club AGF.
Theódór Elmar Bjarnason : In the start of 2012, Theódór signed a new contract with the Danish side Randers FC.
Gianfranco Ravasi : He later served as a professor of exegesis of the Old Testament at the Theological Faculty of Northern Italy in Milan.
Gianfranco Ravasi : He headed Milan's Ambrosian Library from 1989 to 2007.
Gianfranco Ravasi : On 20 November 2010, he was created Cardinal-Deacon of San Giorgio in Velabro.
Gianfranco Ravasi : He studied in Rome at the Pontifical Gregorian University and the Pontifical Biblical Institute.
Gianfranco Ravasi : On 3 September 2007, Ravasi was appointed President of the Pontifical Council for Culture and named an archbishop of the titular see of Villamagna in Proconsulari.
Alberto Ongarato : Alberto Ongarato (born 24 July 1975 in Padua) is an Italian road racing cyclist, who rode most recently for .
Tomás Nistal : Tomás Nistal Fernández (born 31 August 1948) is a former road cyclist from Spain.
Tomás Nistal : He was a professional cyclist from 1969 to 1977.
Bittor Alkiza : He had a more than remarkable technique and a powerful mid-range shot coming in second line, combined with good passing and tackling abilities.
Bittor Alkiza : Although his natural position was that of left midfielder, he could also play as a central one.
Bittor Alkiza : Bittor Alkiza Fernández (born 26 October 1970) is a Spanish retired footballer who played for both Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao.
Bittor Alkiza : Alkiza later rejoined his last professional club, being charged with Real Sociedad's youth teams.
Bittor Alkiza : After an aborted transfer to Real Madrid, he eventually moved to Basque neighbours Athletic Bilbao in 1994, for 220 million "pesetas".
Bittor Alkiza : His debut came on 23 September 1998 in a friendly with Russia, in Granada: he scored the match's only goal, netting from outside the area.
Martín Caparrós : Martín Caparrós (born May 29, 1957 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a writer.
Martín Caparrós : In Paris, he obtained a degree in history at the University of Paris.
Gary Ridgway : His first two marriages resulted in divorce because of infidelities by both partners.
Gary Ridgway : As part of his plea bargain, another conviction was added, bringing the total number of convictions to 49, making him the second most prolific serial killer in United States history according to confirmed murders.
Gary Ridgway : When questioned about Ridgway after his arrest, friends and family described him as friendly but strange.
Gary Ridgway : He sometimes showed the woman a picture of his son, to trick her into trusting him.
Gary Ridgway : He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders.
Gary Ridgway : When he was 16, he stabbed a six-year-old boy who survived the attack.
Gary Ridgway : On November 30, 2001, as Ridgway was leaving the Kenworth truck factory where he worked in Renton, Washington, he was arrested for the murders of four women whose cases were linked to him through DNA evidence.
Gary Ridgway : Gary Leon Ridgway was born on February 18, 1949, in Salt Lake City, Utah, the second of Mary and Thomas Ridgway's three sons.
Maithripala Sirisena : In 1980 he earned a Diploma in political science at the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute in Russia.
Maithripala Sirisena : Sirisena joined mainstream politics in 1989 as a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and has held several ministries since 1994.
Maithripala Sirisena : He was the general-secretary of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party and was Minister of Health until November 2014 when he announced his candidacy for the 2015 presidential election as the opposition coalition's "common candidate".
Maithripala Sirisena : Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena (; ; born 3 September 1951) is a Sri Lankan politician, who served as the seventh President of Sri Lanka from 9 January 2015 to 18 November 2019.
José Sosa : On 28 June 2012, Sosa was named as the new captain of FC Metalist Kharkiv.
José Sosa : José Ernesto Sosa (born 19 June 1985) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Trabzonspor.
José Sosa : For his tenure with Metalist, Sosa adopted the number 11 jersey honoring his admired ex-teammate Juan Sebastián Verón, and has been instrumental in the team's successful Europa League campaign.
José Sosa : On 17 August 2016, Sosa joined Italian club A.C. Milan for €7.5 million fee, signing a two-year deal.
José Sosa : On 1 January 2014, it was announced that he will join Atlético Madrid on six-month loan.
Park Ji-sung : Park signed for the Premier League side for £4 million, subject to a medical and work permit.
Park Ji-sung : In April 2007, Park was sent to America for surgery on a recurring knee injury, putting an end to his season.
Park Ji-sung : On 31 January, Park confirmed his retirement from international football to make way for younger players with potential.
Park Ji-sung : On 14 September 2009, Park signed a three-year contract extension with United, keeping him at the club until 2012.
Park Ji-sung : Upon his return from the subsequent tournament, he was ruled out for one month due to an hamstring injury which occurred during training.
Park Ji-sung : He moved to Queens Park Rangers in July 2012 after suffering a reduction in his number of appearances for Manchester United the previous season.
Park Ji-sung : Park travelled to the tournament on 26 December 2010 as squad captain.
Park Ji-sung : In June 2000, while he was a national team member and a second year student at Myongji University, Kyoto Purple Sanga of Japan offered Park a contract and he took the offer though he was still a relative unknown.
Park Ji-sung : Park made his 100th international appearance in the semi-final match against Japan on 25 January 2011.
Park Ji-sung : Along with Johann Vogel, DaMarcus Beasley and Dutchmen Mark van Bommel and Philip Cocu, Park formed the backbone of PSV's midfield play with his pace and passing.
Park Ji-sung : In the 2004–05 season, the departure of Arjen Robben to Chelsea afforded Park more starting opportunities and he quickly proved his worth to the team.
Park Ji-sung : Park's father, Park Sung-jong, said his son has planned to end his national team career after the 2011 AFC Asian Cup tournament in Qatar.
Park Ji-sung : The Premier League's Dubious Goals Panel, however, later ruled that this was an own goal due to a deflection off the Fulham defender Carlos Bocanegra.
Park Ji-sung : Although many sources report that he was born in the South Korean capital, Seoul, Park was actually born in Goheung, Jeonnam.
Park Ji-sung : On 18 October 2005, Park became the first Asian to ever captain Manchester United when he took the armband from Ryan Giggs as he replaced him during a Champions League home group match against Lille.
Park Ji-sung : On 27 November, Park scored United's second goal in a 7–1 home victory over Blackburn Rovers.
Park Ji-sung : On 31 January 2010, Park scored his first goal of the 2009–10 season, hitting United's third in a 3–1 win against Arsenal.
Park Ji-sung : On 9 May 2010, Park netted on the final day of the season, scoring a close-range diving header against Stoke City to wrap up a 4–0 win.
Park Ji-sung : On 22 September 2010, Park netted his first goal of the 2010–11 season as he scored United's fourth of a 5–2 away win against Scunthorpe United in the third round of the League Cup.
Pepe Soriano : ("Mr. and Mrs. Juan Lamaglia," 1970).
Pepe Soriano : Soriano worked in the theatre less in subsequent years, continuing to accept leading roles in film and on Argentine television.
Pepe Soriano : José Carlos "Pepe" Soriano (born September 25, 1929) is a prominent Argentine actor, director, and playwright.
César Láinez : César Láinez Sanjuán (born 10 April 1977) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is the manager of CD Teruel.
Álvaro Rubio : Mainly a defensive-minded player, he scored his first goals as a professional in 2007–08, the first coming on 28 October 2007 in a 2–2 draw at CA Osasuna (three for the season).
Álvaro Rubio : Álvaro Rubio Robres (born 18 April 1979) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Álvaro Rubio : He amassed a further 50 matches until June 2005, when the club was relegated back.
Álvaro Rubio : Born in Logroño, La Rioja, Rubio began his professional career with Real Zaragoza, but never made it past the B-team.
Álvaro Rubio : Rubio was part of the Spanish under-20 squad at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship that also included the likes of Iker Casillas and Xavi.
Álvaro Rubio : In January 2000, he moved to Albacete Balompié – first on loan – where, after a slow start, he became a very important unit for the Castile-La Mancha side, in the second division.
Álvaro Rubio : On 8 August 2016, 37-year-old Rubio moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for I-League champions Bengaluru FC on a four-month deal.
Mauricio Soler : I didn't think it would come so quickly."
Mauricio Soler : Soler was placed in a medically induced coma.
Mauricio Soler : It is the biggest win of my life, and in my first Tour de France.
Mauricio Soler : Juan Mauricio Soler Hernández (born January 14, 1983 in Ramiriquí, Boyacá) is a Colombian former professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI ProTour team .
Mauricio Soler : Soler stated the stage win was "a victory from heaven.
Mauricio Soler : He competed in the Tour de France for the first time in 2007, winning stage 9, having broken away on the Col du Galibier.
Mauricio Soler : Upon becoming a professional, Soler spent a year racing in his native Colombia and soon after joined the Acqua & Sapone team where he was guided by Claudio Corti, who later brought him to the Barloworld team.
Antonio Colom : On 9 June 2009 it was announced that he had been provisionally suspended from racing following a positive drug test.
Antonio Colom : In 2002, Colóm moved to Relax, and it was here that he had an early breakthrough in winning the Vuelta a Andalucía.
Antonio Colom : Antonio Colóm Mas (born 11 May 1978) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer from Bunyola.
Antonio Colom : Colóm began his career at Costa de Almería in 1999 and stayed there for three seasons, in which time he built a growing reputation as a climber, winning the mountains classification of the Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme in 2001.
Ferid Murad : Murad left his tenure at Stanford in 1988 for a position at Abbott Laboratories, where he served as a Vice President of Pharmaceutical Discovery until founding his own biotechnology company, the Molecular Geriatrics Corporation, in 1993.
Ferid Murad : Murad's key research demonstrated that nitroglycerin and related drugs worked by releasing nitric oxide into the body, which relaxed smooth muscle by elevating intracellular cyclic GMP.
Ferid Murad : He was born in Whiting, Indiana to Jabir Murat Ejupi, an Albanian immigrant from Gostivar, Macedonia, and Henrietta Bowman.
Ferid Murad : Ferid Murad (born September 14, 1936) is an Albanian American physician and pharmacologist, and a co-winner of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Ferid Murad : The missing steps in the signaling process were filled in by Robert F. Furchgott and Louis J. Ignarro of UCLA, for which the three shared the 1998 Nobel Prize (and for which Murad and Furchgott received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1996).
Ferid Murad : He then joined the University of Virginia, where he was made associate professor, Depts.
Rocco Siffredi : Together they have two sons, Lorenzo and Leonardo.
Nenad Marković : Nenad Marković Zorić (born June 6, 1968) is a Bosnian former professional basketball player and the current head coach of Gaziantep.
Osvaldo Martínez : Osvaldo David Martínez Arce (born 8 April 1986) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Puebla of the Liga MX.
Osvaldo Martínez : In January 2013, it was announced that Martínez was sold to Club América.
Osvaldo Martínez : He made his debut on 15 October 2008, in a FIFA World Cup 2010 qualifying match in Asunción against Peru.
Osvaldo Martínez : While at Monterrey, Martínez would play in over 100 matches, winning two league titles, an Interliga in 2010, and a CONCACAF Champions League trophy in 2011.
Graeme Brown : Graeme Allen Brown OAM (born 9 April 1979) was a professional cyclist and is a dual Olympic gold medallist from Australia.
Leonardo Astrada : He made 32 appearances for Argentina scoring 1 goal.
Leonardo Astrada : Leonardo Rubén Astrada (born 6 January 1970) is a retired Argentine football, who went on to become a football manager.
Leonardo Astrada : The last team he managed was Atlético de Rafaela.
Leonardo Astrada : He also played for Brazilian club Grêmio in the year 2000.
Leonardo Astrada : In addition, he played for the Argentina national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Leonardo Astrada : He played the majority of his career for River Plate, winning ten major titles – making him the second most decorated player in the club's history (after Leonardo Ponzio).
Kurt Angle : Styles.
Kurt Angle : ".
Kurt Angle : Angle and Yannotti were married on July 20, 2012.
Kurt Angle : Later that same day, Angle announced he was immediately entering a rehabilitation center.
Kurt Angle : Angle was placed in Warren County Jail, before posting $2,000 bail and being released in the early morning.
Kurt Angle : On November 8, 2011, Angle entered a plea of no contest and was fined $1,500.
Kurt Angle : Angle married Karen Smedley on December 19, 1998, In September 2008, it was reported that Karen had filed for divorce from Kurt.
Kurt Angle : The test was later ruled not admissible and when a second test, taken at the police station, showed a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.06, the DUI charge was dropped.
Kurt Angle : Angle made his return on April 17, and vowing revenge.
Kurt Angle : State police revealed that Angle's initial breath test at the scene, where he was stopped by police, showed a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.091 percent, which was above the legal limit of 0.08 percent.
Kurt Angle : His father, a crane operator, was killed in a construction accident when Angle was 16, and Angle dedicated both his career and his autobiography to his father.
Kurt Angle : In May, Angle underwent ACL repair surgery and was sidelined.
Kurt Angle : On February 6, 2014, Angle had a match against Magnus.
Kurt Angle : In his promos, Angle presented himself as a role model and stressed the need to work hard to realize one's dreams, stressing the "3 I"'s, "Intensity, Integrity and Intelligence".
Kurt Angle : In the following months, Angle wrestled on house shows and in other dark matches in preparation for his televised debut.
Kurt Angle : In 2004, the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" inducted Angle into its Hall of Fame and later named him "Wrestler of the Decade" for the 2000s.
Kurt Angle : Angle was charged with "driving while operating privilege is suspended, prohibited acts-possession, harassment and prohibited acts".
Kurt Angle : He was initially being a firm friend and ally to Eddie during the latter's feud with his nephew Chavo.
Kurt Angle : He went on to feud with Triple H after a love triangle between them and Triple H's wife, Stephanie McMahon, developed.
Kurt Angle : Angle has four older brothers (one of whom, Eric, is also a wrestler) and a sister, Le'Anne, who died in 2003.
Kurt Angle : ", Angle revealed Chyna as his backup in taking care of the Jarretts.
Kurt Angle : This led to a match at No Mercy where Angle lost to Big Show.
Kurt Angle : Angle stated in an interview that, following the death of his father, he regarded his wrestling coach, David Schultz, as a paternal figure.
Kurt Angle : However, he won by disqualification, when EC3 attacked him performing a leglock, which injured his knee.
Kurt Angle : Angle then began feuding with A.J.
Kurt Angle : They have two children together, a daughter born December 2, 2002 and a son born October 26, 2006.
Kurt Angle : Hygetropin, a human growth hormone, was found in his car; Angle maintained that he had a prescription for the drug.
Kurt Angle : At No Surrender Angle first wrestled Jeff Hardy to a twenty-minute time limit draw, after which Eric Bischoff ordered a five-minute extra time.
Kurt Angle : During Angle's entrance, it is common for fans to chant "You Suck!"
Kurt Angle : Angle, shocked by the controversial imagery and afraid that his career prospects were going to be damaged if he was associated with the incident, threatened to sue ECW owner Paul Heyman if he was shown on television in the same broadcast as the stunt.
Kurt Angle : On September 21, 2014, Angle's contract with TNA expired, ending his eight-year tenure with the company.
Kurt Angle : Angle was arrested on September 4, 2011, by Virginia State Troopers for allegedly driving under the influence.
Kurt Angle : Between WWF/WWE, Japan and TNA, Angle has won 21 total championships.
Kurt Angle : His first WWF match was a dark match victory over Brian Christopher on April 11.
Kurt Angle : Styles, following interference from Styles' rivals Christopher Daniels and Kazarian.
Kurt Angle : Angle's television character was an "American hero" gimmick based on his gold medal win at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kurt Angle : Their reign ended after they dropped the titles to Edge and Mysterio on the November 7 episode of "SmackDown!"
Kurt Angle : On August 2, 2013, Angle was again charged with driving while intoxicated in Decatur, Texas.
Kurt Angle : Angle also retired the TNA Television Championship, which had not been seen or defended since Abyss won it at Slammiversary 2013.
Kurt Angle : His first appearance on WWF television was on the March 7 episode of "Sunday Night Heat", where he took part in an angle with Tiger Ali Singh.
Kurt Angle : This angle involved Singh paying Angle money to blow his nose on the American flag.
Kurt Angle : On the October 8 episode of "Raw", Angle made a surprise return, disguised under a mask as "The Conquistador", winning a battle royal after last eliminating Baron Corbin and qualifying for the WWE World Cup at Crown Jewel.
Kurt Angle : On March 3, 2017 Angle appeared for Northeast Wrestling in Connecticut, where he was defeated by Cody Rhodes in a steel cage match.
Kurt Angle : On August 15, 2009, Pittsburgh-based NBC affiliate WPXI reported that Angle had been arrested.
Kurt Angle : While training Angle, Schultz was murdered in January 1996 by John Eleuthère du Pont, the sponsor of Schultz's team of Olympic prospectives.
Kurt Angle : Following this victory, Angle began preparing for the 1996 Summer Olympics (also in Atlanta) under Dave Schultz at the Pennsylvanian Foxcatcher Club, training between eight and ten hours a day.
Kurt Angle : Shortly after the match, The Undertaker made his return and challenged Angle for the title.
Kurt Angle : On the March 25 episode of "Raw", Angle was drafted to the SmackDown!
Kurt Angle : On December 19, 2007, Angle defended the IWGP title successfully against Kendo Kashin.
Kurt Angle : Angle teased a return to WWE, however, he was offered a full-time contract, so Angle decided to stay with TNA.
Kurt Angle : He gave an in-ring interview and provided guest commentary during a match between Taz and Little Guido, but left the building after Raven "crucified" a bleeding Sandman by attaching him to a cross using barbed wire.
Kurt Angle : On June 20, 2014, Angle was named Executive Director of Wrestling Operations of TNA by TNA's Board of Directors.
Kurt Angle : Upon coming to "ECW", he issued an open challenge for One Night Stand, which was accepted by Randy Orton.
Kurt Angle : At Invasion, Angle and Austin captained a team of five WWF superstars against five handpicked members of the Alliance.
Kurt Angle : He attended Clarion University of Pennsylvania, graduating with a degree in education in 1993.
Kurt Angle : Angle then went on to sign a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
Kurt Angle : Styles, Scott Steiner, Tomko, and Abyss.
Kurt Angle : Angle then reignited his feud with Edge, defeating him at Backlash.
Kurt Angle : Angle won his third WWE Championship at Armageddon, defeating Big Show with the help of Brock Lesnar.
Kurt Angle : Angle returned on the November 17 episode of "Impact Wrestling", attacking James Storm and revealing himself as the man who had attacked and bloodied him also the previous week, costing him his match with Bobby Roode for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.
Kurt Angle : On April 24, after Angle defeated Rockstar Spud in a match, EC3 attacked Angle but Willow made the save.
Kurt Angle : On September 18, 2014 (aired on October 29 due to tape delay), Angle refereed the TNA World Heavyweight Championship between Bobby Roode and Bobby Lashley.
Kurt Angle : At Sacrifice Willow and Angle defeated Ethan Carter III and Rockstar Spud.
Kurt Angle : On October 26, 1996, Angle was convinced by fellow Pittsburgh native Shane Douglas to attend the taping of an Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) event named "High Incident".
Kurt Angle : Angle became the fifth WWE Grand Slam Champion when he and Benoit won at No Mercy, defeating Edge and Rey Mysterio.
Kurt Angle : On February 27, 2014, Angle officially accepted his induction into the TNA Hall of Fame, but the ceremony was interrupted by EC3, Angle attacked Ethan Carter III, on the next week, Angle was attacked by Ethan Carter III and severely damaged his knees, thus losing his chance to fight at Lockdown.
Kurt Angle : On February 18, 2007, Angle made his debut in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), teaming with former IWGP Heavyweight Champion Yuji Nagata to defeat fellow TNA wrestler Travis Tomko and fellow WWE alumnus Giant Bernard.
Kurt Angle : Angle wrestled his final match in the 2012 Bound for Glory Series on the August 30 episode of "Impact Wrestling", losing to Jeff Hardy, which caused him to get eliminated from the tournament.
Kurt Angle : He announced a TNA World Heavyweight Championship rematch for the July 3 episode of "Impact Wrestling" between Lashley and Eric Young, and reinstated Bobby Roode, who had been indefinitely suspended by MVP.
Kurt Angle : In September, Angle started to feud with Chris Benoit, losing to him at Unforgiven.
Kurt Angle : In 2013, Angle was inducted into the TNA Hall of Fame: he is the second wrestler, after Sting, to be inducted into both the WWE and TNA Halls of Fame.
Kurt Angle : The following night on "Raw", Angle claimed the allegations he made were false to keep his job before being attacked by Triple H. As a result, the following week, Angle scheduled himself to team with Rousey against Triple H and Stephanie McMahon in a mixed tag team match at WrestleMania 34, which Angle and Rousey won.
Kurt Angle : Angle then feuded with Chris Benoit whom he defeated at WrestleMania X-Seven, but lost to him at Backlash in an Ultimate Submission match; Benoit defeated Angle four falls to three in sudden-death overtime.
Kurt Angle : On June 10 at Slammiversary, Angle and Styles defeated Daniels and Kazarian to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship.
Kurt Angle : At the Elimination Chamber, Angle, along with Stephanie McMahon and Triple H, was present when Ronda Rousey signed her "Raw" contract, where Angle brought up the confrontation that Stephanie McMahon and Triple H had with Rousey and The Rock at WrestleMania 31 and that they both want to manipulate her.
Kurt Angle : On February 17, 2008, Angle lost the IWGP title to the NJPW-recognized champion Shinsuke Nakamura in a unification match.
Kurt Angle : On October 20, WWE announced Angle's in-ring return after 11 years, replacing Roman Reigns due to medical issues and teaming with Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins to face The Miz, Braun Strowman, Kane, Cesaro and Sheamus in a 5-on-3 handicap Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match at .
Kurt Angle : Angle chose Samoa Joe, Rhino, Sting, and Jeff Jarrett for Team Angle, while Cage chose A.J.
Kurt Angle : On the January 13 episode of "SmackDown!
Kurt Angle : On the May 12 episode of "Impact!
Edmond Baudoin : Baudoin was an art professor from 1999 to 2003 at the University of Quebec.
Manfred Klieme : Manfred Klieme (born 3 February 1936) is a former East German racing cyclist, who won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Michael J. Fox : Altogether, 145 episodes were produced.
Michael J. Fox : Love and Kisses, Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : His father died on January 6, 1990 from a heart attack.
Michael J. Fox : Shortly after his marriage, he decided to move back to Vancouver.
Michael J. Fox : He holds dual Canadian-US citizenship.
Michael J. Fox : He eventually sought help and stopped drinking altogether.
Michael J. Fox : At its peak, the audience for "Family Ties" drew one-third of America's households every week.
Michael J. Fox : He semi-retired from acting in 2000 as the symptoms of the disease worsened.
Michael J. Fox : Fox's family lived in various cities and towns across Canada because of his father's career.
Michael J. Fox : Tartikoff reportedly said that "this is not the kind of face you'll ever find on a lunch-box."
Michael J. Fox : During the fourth season, he announced his retirement from the show.
Michael J. Fox : Fox: Adventures of an Incurable Optimist").
Michael J. Fox : Fox."
Michael J. Fox : Fox was nominated for an Emmy Award for best guest appearance.
Michael J. Fox : On June 4, 2010, the city of Burnaby, British Columbia granted him the Freedom of the City.
Michael J. Fox : The producers brought him back in a recurring role for season three, beginning with the season premiere.
Michael J. Fox : "Family Ties" had been sold to the television network using the pitch "Hip parents, square kids", with the parents originally intended to be the main characters.
Michael J. Fox : "Spin City" ran from 1996 to 2002 on American television network ABC.
Michael J. Fox : In the ad, he visibly showed the effects of his Parkinson's disease:
Michael J. Fox : His foundation, The Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : In 2009, he appeared in five episodes of the television series "Rescue Me" which earned him an Emmy for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series.
Michael J. Fox : He has also received an honorary doctorate of laws from the University of British Columbia.
Michael J. Fox : His work led him to be named one of the 100 people "whose power, talent or moral example is transforming the world" in 2007 by Time magazine.
Michael J. Fox : He received the role only after Matthew Broderick was unavailable.
Michael J. Fox : Their family finally moved to Burnaby, a large suburb of Vancouver, British Columbia, when his father retired in 1971.
Michael J. Fox : It could not have been much fun for him to follow the movie's arbitrary shifts of mood, from sitcom to slapstick, from sex farce to boardroom brawls."
Michael J. Fox : Tartikoff kept the lunch-box in his office for the rest of his NBC career.
Michael J. Fox : Fox Foundation, stopped drinking and began to be an advocate for people living with Parkinson's disease.
Michael J. Fox : However, the positive reaction to Fox's performance led to his character becoming the focus of the show following the fourth episode.
Michael J. Fox : In 2006, he appeared in four episodes of "Boston Legal" as a lung cancer patient.
Michael J. Fox : "The Frighteners" tells the story of Frank Bannister (Fox), an architect who develops psychic abilities allowing him to see, hear, and communicate with ghosts.
Michael J. Fox : In an interview with NPR in April 2002, Fox explained what he does when he becomes symptomatic during an interview:
Michael J. Fox : He announced that he planned to continue to act and would make guest appearances on "Spin City" (he made three more appearances on the show during the final season).
Michael J. Fox : In 2016, his organization the Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : In "Lucky Man", Fox wrote that he did not take his medication prior to his testimony before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee in 1999 ():
Michael J. Fox : As he explained in his autobiography, "Lucky Man: A Memoir" and in interviews, he needed to come up with a different name.
Michael J. Fox : "Back to the Future" was both a commercial and critical success.
Michael J. Fox : His first book, "Lucky Man", focused on how, after seven years of denial of the disease, he set up the Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : Michael Caton-Jones, from "Time Out", described Fox in the film as "at his frenetic best".
Michael J. Fox : The film was successful at the box office, grossing $110 million worldwide.
Michael J. Fox : The series was created by "Spin City" creator Bill Lawrence.
Michael J. Fox : After leaving the show, he was replaced by Charlie Sheen, who portrayed the character Charlie Crawford.
Michael J. Fox : Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991 at age 29, and disclosed his condition to the public in 1998.
Michael J. Fox : The film spent 8 consecutive weekends as the number-one grossing movie at the US box office in 1985, and eventually earned a worldwide total of $381.11 million.
Michael J. Fox : In 1991, he starred in "Doc Hollywood", a romantic comedy about a talented medical doctor who decides to become a plastic surgeon.
Michael J. Fox : In 1998, he decided to go public about his Parkinson's disease, and since then, he has been a strong advocate of Parkinson's disease research.
Michael J. Fox : "The New York Times" called it "one of the most powerful and talked about political advertisements in years" and polls indicated that the commercial had a measurable impact on the way voters voted, in an election that McCaskill won.
Michael J. Fox : Fox attended Burnaby Central Secondary School, and now has a theatre named for him at Burnaby South Secondary.
Michael J. Fox : At the 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, he delivered comedy monologues, along with William Shatner and Catherine O'Hara, in the "I am Canadian" part of the show.
Michael J. Fox : Fox also served as an executive producer during his time on the show, alongside co-creators Bill Lawrence and Gary David Goldberg.
Michael J. Fox : After his later successes, Fox presented Tartikoff with a custom-made lunch-box with the inscription "To Brandon, this is for you to put your crow in.
Michael J. Fox : At age 15, Fox starred in the Canadian television series "Leo and Me", produced by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and in 1979, at age 18, he moved to Los Angeles to further his acting career.
Michael J. Fox : Both Fox, in his most successful starring role in some time, and [Trini] Alvarado, who looks rather like Andie MacDowell here, have no difficulty getting into the manic spirit of things."
Michael J. Fox : The film was followed by two successful sequels, "Back to the Future Part II" (1989) and "Back to the Future Part III" (1990).
Michael J. Fox : On March 31, 2009, Fox appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" with Mehmet Oz to publicly discuss his condition as well as his book, his family and his prime-time special which aired May 7, 2009, ("Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : The show was based on a fictional local government running New York City, originally starring Fox as Mike Flaherty, a Fordham Law School graduate serving as the Deputy Mayor of New York.
Michael J. Fox : During the third season of "Spin City", Fox made the announcement to the cast and crew of the show that he had Parkinson's disease.
Michael J. Fox : He provided a light-hearted segment during the 2010 Winter Olympics' closing ceremony in Vancouver, British Columbia on February 28, 2010 when he expressed how proud he is to be Canadian.
Michael J. Fox : Fox manages the symptoms of his Parkinson's disease with the drug carbidopa/levodopa, and he also had a thalamotomy in 1998.
Michael J. Fox : Brandon Tartikoff, one of the show's producers, felt that Fox was too short in relation to the actors playing his parents, and tried to have him replaced.
Michael J. Fox : Fox's first feature film roles were "Midnight Madness" (1980) and "Class of 1984" (1982), credited in both as Michael Fox.
Michael J. Fox : While filming "Family Ties", Fox met his wife Tracy Pollan, who portrayed his girlfriend, Ellen.
Michael J. Fox : Fox married actress Tracy Pollan on July 16, 1988 at West Mountain Inn in Arlington, Vermont.
Michael J. Fox : Fox started displaying symptoms of early-onset Parkinson's disease in 1991 while shooting the movie "Doc Hollywood", although he was not properly diagnosed until the next year.
Michael J. Fox : Shortly afterward, he began playing "Young Republican" Alex P. Keaton in the show "Family Ties", which aired on NBC for seven seasons from 1982–89.
Michael J. Fox : Roger Ebert in "The Chicago Sun Times" wrote; "Fox provides a fairly desperate center for the film.
Michael J. Fox : He also didn't like the sound of "Andrew" or "Andy," so he decided to adopt a new middle initial and settled on "J," as a tribute to actor Michael J. Pollard.
Michael J. Fox : Fox was discovered by producer Ronald Shedlo and made his American television debut in the television film "Letters from Frank", credited under the name "Michael Fox."
Michael J. Fox : He intended to continue to use the name, but when he registered with the Screen Actors Guild, which requires unique registration names to avoid credit ambiguities (and the possibility that royalty checks would be sent to the wrong actors), he discovered that Michael Fox, a veteran character actor, was already registered under the name.
Michael J. Fox : Michael Andrew Fox (born June 9, 1961), known professionally as Michael J.
Michael J. Fox : Since 1999, Fox has mainly worked as a voice-over actor in films such as "Stuart Little" and Disney's "".
Michael J. Fox : In 2004, Fox guest starred in two episodes of the comedy-drama "Scrubs" as Dr. Kevin Casey, a surgeon with severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Michael J. Fox : On May 31, 2012, he received an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws from the Justice Institute of British Columbia to recognize his accomplishments as a performer as well as his commitment to raising research funding and awareness for Parkinson's disease.
Michael J. Fox : In 2006, Fox starred in a campaign ad for then State Auditor of Missouri Claire McCaskill (D) in her successful 2006 Senate campaign against incumbent Jim Talent (R), expressing her support for embryonic stem cell research.
Michael J. Fox : Fox's performance received critical praise, Kenneth Turan in the "Los Angeles Times" wrote; "The film's actors are equally pleasing.
Michael J. Fox : "Variety" applauded the performances, opining that Fox and his co-star Christopher Lloyd imbued Marty and Doc Brown's friendship with a quality reminiscent of King Arthur and Merlin.
Michael J. Fox : His second book, "Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist", describes his life between 1999 and 2009, with much of the book centred on how Fox got into campaigning for stem-cell research.
Michael J. Fox : His last major film role was in "The Frighteners" (1996), directed by Peter Jackson.
Michael J. Fox : Fox won an Emmy award for "Spin City" in 2000, three Golden Globe Awards in 1998, 1999, and 2000, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards in 1999 and 2000.
Michael J. Fox : Fox won three Emmy awards for "Family Ties" in 1986, 1987, and 1988.
Michael J. Fox : Other notable roles have included his portrayal of Alex P. Keaton on the American sitcom "Family Ties" (1982–1989) and Mike Flaherty on the ABC sitcom "Spin City" (1996–2000).
Michael J. Fox : Director Robert Zemeckis originally wanted Fox to play Marty, but Gary David Goldberg the creator of "Family Ties", which Fox was working on at the time, refused to allow Zemeckis even to approach Fox as he felt that as Meredith Baxter was on maternity leave at the time, Fox's character Alex Keaton was needed to carry the show in her absence.
Michael J. Fox : Sweden's Karolinska Institute gave him an "honoris causa" doctorate on March 5, 2010 for his work advocating a cure for Parkinson's disease.
Michael J. Fox : Michael Andrew Fox was born on June 9, 1961 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada to Phyllis ("née" Piper), an actress/payroll clerk, and William Fox, a police officer and Canadian Forces member.
Michael J. Fox : On March 5, 2010, Fox received an honorary doctorate in medicine from Karolinska Institutet for his contributions to research in Parkinson's disease.
Michael J. Fox : He has written three books: "Lucky Man: A Memoir" (2002), "Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist" (2009), and "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Future: Twists and Turns and Lessons Learned" (2010).
Marcus Pürk : He only earned one other cap, again as a sub in an August 2002 friendly match against Switzerland.
Marcus Pürk : Marcus Pürk (born 21 September 1974) is a retired Austrian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Marcus Pürk : He made his debut for Austria in an April 1995 European qualification match against Liechtenstein, coming on as a substitute for Herfried Sabitzer and immediately scoring his first international goal.
Marcus Pürk : He also had one season at Sturm, then rejoined Rapid for another two and sealed a second move abroad when he signed for German Bundesliga side TSV 1860 Munich.
Bryan Steel : UK.
Bryan Steel : Bryan Steel (born 5 January 1969) is an English former professional racing cyclist.
Bryan Steel : Four years later at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, he won a silver medal in the team pursuit and competed in the individual pursuit.
Janne Lahtela : Janne Lahtela (born February 28, 1974) is a Finnish former athlete, who established himself as one of the most dominant persons in the history of moguls skiing.
Janne Lahtela : He won a gold medal in the moguls final of 2002 Winter Olympic Games.
Bo Xilai : Bo married his second wife, Gu Kailai, in 1986.
Bo Xilai : As the political winds of the Cultural Revolution shifted, Bo Xilai and his siblings were either imprisoned or sent to the countryside, and Bo Xilai was locked up for five years.
Bo Xilai : He joined the Communist Party in October 1980.
Bo Xilai : Bo also earned a seat on the 16th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Bo Xilai : After his release, Bo Xilai worked at the Hardware Repair Factory for the Beijing Second Light Industry Bureau.
Bo Xilai : In the second year of his studies, Bo enlisted in a Master's program in international journalism at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, graduating with a master's degree in 1982.
Bo Xilai : Bo Xilai (; born 3 July 1949) is a former Chinese politician.
Bo Xilai : When Hu Jintao succeeded Jiang Zemin as General Secretary in late 2002, Bo's career as a local official ended with his appointment to Minister of Commerce in Wen Jiabao's cabinet to replace Lü Fuyuan, who retired for health reasons.
Bo Xilai : After the death of Mao Zedong in 1976, the chaos of the Cultural Revolution was officially attributed to the Gang of Four, and Bo's father was released.
Bo Xilai : He was the son of Bo Yibo, one of the Eight Elders of the Communist Party of China, Bo Xilai is one of the "princelings" of Chinese politics.
Zé Castro : Atlético Madrid
Zé Castro : José Eduardo Rosa Vale e Castro (born 13 January 1983), commonly known as Zé Castro, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Académica de Coimbra as a central defender.
György Konrád : These works called into question the European political status quo.
György Konrád : György (George) Konrád (2 April 1933 – 13 September 2019) was a Hungarian novelist and essayist, known as an advocate of individual freedom.
Kamil Glik : Kamil Jacek Glik (; born 3 February 1988) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for AS Monaco and the Poland national team.
John Gadret : In 2004 he became national cyclo-cross champion of France for the first time.
John Gadret : On Stage 15 of the 2010 Tour de France Gadret caused controversy when he refused to give his wheel to his team leader, Nicolas Roche, following a puncture on the final climb of the day and then began attacking the group ahead of Roche.
John Gadret : John Gadret (born 22 April 1979) is a French former professional racing cyclist in cyclo-cross and road racing, currently racing for the USO Bruay-la-Buissière amateur team.
José Antonio Ardanza : He was in office between 1985 and 1999.
José Antonio Ardanza : In 1985, the Basque Parliament chose Ardanza as its new president.
José Antonio Ardanza : José Antonio Ardanza Garro is a former Spanish politician that became the second elected "Lehendakari" (President of the Basque Autonomous Community, Spain after the approval of the Statute of Autonomy.
José Antonio Ardanza : One achievement was the Pact of Ajuria Enea, subscribed to by virtually all the political parties in the region and designed to create a normal political environment in the Basque Country by eradicating violence.
Max Papis : Massimiliano "Max" Papis (born October 3, 1969) is an Italian professional motorsport driver who has competed in several top-level motorsports events such as Le Mans 24 Hours, Formula One and Champ Car.
Max Papis : After a spell as the Lotus team's test driver in , Papis replaced Gianni Morbidelli in the Footwork team for seven races in the middle of the 1995 Formula One season, as he brought valuable sponsorship to the cash-strapped outfit.
Bernd Dittert : Bernd Dittert (born 6 February 1961) is a retired racing cyclist from East Germany, who won the bronze medal for his native country in the men's 4,000m individual pursuit at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Roger Mas : His lyrics mix the language of the street, literary words and expressions that are disappearing.
Roger Mas : His music is built upon three pillars: modern music, traditional music and the ancestral sounds of the world.
Roger Mas : In addition, in recent times he has performed in countries such as France, Cuba, Italy, Uruguay, Serbia, United States and Brazil.
Roger Mas : Since then, with nine albums under his belt, various awards received for each new project and widespread acclaim from critics, he has become a true figure of the song.
Roger Mas : In 1994, he started to investigate different musical expressions from around the world led by the expertise of Luis Paniagua.
Roger Mas : In 1996, he won the Catalunya Ràdio Award, marking the launch of his career as a singer-songwriter.
Roger Mas : Roger Mas i Solé (born 1975 in Solsona, Lleida) is a Spanish Catalan Singer–songwriter.
Roger Mas : His artistic activity as a clarinet and saxophone player commenced when he was 12.
Michel Temer : Temer denied the allegations.
Michel Temer : The reduction in the number of Bolsa Família beneficiaries decided by the government is the main cause, according to the study.
Michel Temer : The book focuses on the organization of the Brazilian state, especially on the separation of powers.
Michel Temer : His most famous book is "Elements of Constitutional Law", published in 1982, which sold over 240,000 copies.
Michel Temer : The government announces the abolition of "popular pharmacies" for the summer of 2017.
Michel Temer : Created in 2004 under the presidency of Lula, they allowed the most disadvantaged to obtain low-cost medicines.
Michel Temer : According to data from the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics, extreme poverty increased by 11 per cent in 2017, while inequalities also increased again (the Gini index rose from 0.555 to 0.567).
Michel Temer : He became President of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), the largest party in Brazil.
Michel Temer : Temer is described as gaining the loyalty of lower class Brazilians by strengthening social programs and opposing Lula da Silva.
Michel Temer : The report has the status "sensitive but unclassified" with Temer stating that Lula da Silva "might finally begin to heed his friends on the left" and would "be led away from the orthodox macro-economic policies that have dominated his first term".
Michel Temer : In 1968, Temer began teaching constitutional law at PUC-SP, where he also taught civil law and was director of the postgraduate department and of the Brazilian Institute Of Constitutional Law as well as a member of the Ibero-American Institute of Constitutional Law.
Michel Temer : According to official government cables published by WikiLeaks, Temer provided information to the U.S. Embassy in Brazil in 2006.
Michel Temer : As acting president, he opened the 2016 Summer Olympics held in Rio de Janeiro on 5 August 2016.
Michel Temer : Born in Tietê, São Paulo, Temer is the son of Nakhoul "Miguel" Elias Temer Lulia and March Barbar Lulia, Maronite Catholic Lebanese immigrants who came to Brazil in 1925.
Michel Temer : In 1974, he completed a doctorate in public law at the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo (PUC-SP).
Mike Ness : Ness was featured in the independent film "Another State of Mind", which chronicled Social Distortion's first cross-country tour with Youth Brigade.
Eric Heiden : In 1983, he was inducted into the United States Olympic Hall of Fame.
Eric Heiden : Three times he broke the world record in the 1000 metres, twice in the 3000 metres, and once each in the 1500 metres and 10000 metres.
Eric Heiden : He is considered by some to be the best overall speed skater (short and long distances) in the sport's history.
Eric Heiden : Over the course of Heiden's career he skated 15 world records:
Eric Heiden : Together with his former speed skating coach (and ex-bike racer), Jim Ochowicz, he conceived of the idea of a European-style sponsored team for North American riders.
Eric Heiden : During his short speed skating career, Heiden won three World Allround Championships and four World Sprint Championships.
Eric Heiden : After his speed-skating career Heiden became a professional cyclist.
Eric Heiden : He stood at the top of the Adelskalender, a ranking system for long-track speed skating, for a record 1,495 days, and he won the Oscar Mathisen Award four times in a row from 1977 until 1980.
Eric Heiden : Eric Arthur Heiden (born June 14, 1958) is an American physician and a former long track speed skater, road cyclist and track cyclist.
Macaulay Culkin : Culkin began acting at age four.
Macaulay Culkin : He received three one-year suspended prison sentences and was ordered to pay $540 in fees.
Macaulay Culkin : He was raised Roman Catholic and attended a Catholic school called St. Joseph's School of Yorkville for five years before going to Professional Children's School.
Macaulay Culkin : He took a break from acting in 1994, and made his return in 2003 with a guest appearance on the television show "Will and Grace" and a role in the film "Party Monster" (2003).
Macaulay Culkin : He continued appearing in roles on stage, television and films throughout the 1980s.
Macaulay Culkin : His mother was a telephone operator and his father worked as a sacristan at a local Catholic church.
Macaulay Culkin : His early roles included a stage production of "Bach Babies" at the New York Philharmonic.
Macaulay Culkin : Culkin married actress Rachel Miner in 1998 when they were both 18, but they separated in 2000 and divorced in 2002.
Macaulay Culkin : After being arraigned in court for misdemeanor drug offenses, he pleaded not guilty at the trial (October 15, 2004, to June 9, 2005), then later reversed the plea to guilty.
Macaulay Culkin : In 1988 he appeared in an episode of the popular action television series "The Equalizer", in which he played a kidnapping victim, Paul Gephardt.
Macaulay Culkin : Macaulay Carson Culkin (born August 26, 1980) is an American actor and musician.
Macaulay Culkin : In 2005, at Jackson's trial for sexual child abuse, Culkin testified that he had slept in bed with Jackson but that he was never molested.
Macaulay Culkin : On September 17, 2004, Culkin was arrested in Oklahoma City for the possession of of marijuana and two controlled substances, of Alprazolam and of Clonazepam, for which he was briefly jailed, then released on a $4,000 bail.
Macaulay Culkin : Along with the "Home Alone" series, Culkin also starred in the films "My Girl" (1991), "The Good Son" (1993), "The Nutcracker" (1993), "Getting Even with Dad" (1994), "The Pagemaster" (1994) and "Richie Rich" (1994).
Macaulay Culkin : Culkin's father, Christopher Cornelius "Kit" Culkin, is a former actor known for his productions on Broadway and is the brother of actress Bonnie Bedelia.
Macaulay Culkin : Around the time of the first "Home Alone" movie, Culkin became friends with pop singer Michael Jackson, and appeared in Jackson's 1991 "Black or White" music video.
Raúl Ruidíaz : On 20 January 2012, Ruidíaz was appointed as new player of the Primera División club Universidad de Chile.
Raúl Ruidíaz : His first professional goal was against Hijos de Acosvinchos.
Raúl Ruidíaz : Raúl Mario Ruidíaz Misitich (, Croatian: "Misitić", born 25 July 1990) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC and the Peru national team, as a striker.
Raúl Ruidíaz : Ruidíaz made his professional debut in the Peruvian First Division on 4 October 2009 against Total Chalaco in the Monumental, at the age of 19.
José Alberto Benítez : José Alberto Benítez Román (born 14 November 1981) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who competed professionally between 2006 and 2011 for the and teams.
José Alberto Benítez : He raced with the Spiuk continental team 2005, before turning professional with in 2006.
Frank Stella : "Die Fahne Hoch!"
Frank Stella : Now they get a number and they get advertising.
Frank Stella : In the Op-Ed, Stella wrote,
Frank Stella : (1959) is one such painting.
Frank Stella : Stella had been an advocate of strong copyright protection for artists such as himself.
Frank Stella : Stella lives and works in New York City.
Frank Stella : It's a paint job, one way or another.
Frank Stella : Similarly, his prints of these decades combined various printmaking and drawing techniques.
Frank Stella : The idea for mine was that it's from a drawing on graph paper.
Frank Stella : As the 1970s and 1980s progressed, these became more elaborate and exuberant.
Frank Stella : Theoretically it's like painting on a shaped canvas."
Frank Stella : His nearly 30-year stewardship of the building resulted in the facade being cleaned and restored.
Frank Stella : In the old days there used to be a tradition of identifying a car with its country by color.
Frank Stella : His art has since been the subject of several retrospectives in the United States, Europe, and Japan.
Frank Stella : Stella moved to New York in 1958, after his graduation.
Frank Stella : These paintings are named after circular cities he had visited while in the Middle East earlier in the 1960s.
Frank Stella : In 1973, he had a print studio installed in his New York house.
Frank Stella : This was a departure from the technique of creating a painting by first making a sketch.
Frank Stella : In any case, its emotional coolness belies the contentiousness its title might suggest, reflecting this new direction in Stella's work.
Frank Stella : Stella's art was recognized for its innovations before he was twenty-five.
Frank Stella : Frank Stella was born in Malden, Massachusetts, to parents of Italian descent.
Frank Stella : From 1978 to 2005, Stella owned the Van Tassell and Kearney Horse Auction Mart building in Manhattan's East Village and used it as his studio.
Frank Stella : Many of the works are created by simply using the path of the brush stroke, very often using common house paint.
Frank Stella : His 1993 proposal for a Kunsthalle and garden in Dresden did not come to fruition.
Frank Stella : In 2012, a retrospective of Stella's career was shown at the Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg.
Frank Stella : On June 6, 2008, Stella (with Artists Rights Society president Theodore Feder; Stella is a member artist of the Artists Rights Society) published an Op-Ed for "The Art Newspaper" decrying a proposed U.S. Orphan Works law which "remove[s] the penalty for copyright infringement if the creator of a work, after a diligent search, cannot be located."
Frank Stella : The graph paper is what it is, a graph, but when it's morphed over the car's forms it becomes interesting, and adapting the drawing to the racing car's forms is interesting.
Frank Stella : Around this time he said that a picture was "a flat surface with paint on it – nothing more".
Frank Stella : He began to produce works which emphasized the picture-as-object, rather than the picture as a representation of something, be it something in the physical world, or something in the artist's emotional world.
Frank Stella : He is heralded for creating abstract paintings that bear no pictorial illusions or psychological or metaphysical references in twentieth-century painting.
Frank Stella : Frank Philip Stella (born May 12, 1936) is an American painter, sculptor and printmaker, noted for his work in the areas of minimalism and post-painterly abstraction.
Frank Stella : Stella married Barbara Rose, later a well-known art critic, in 1961.
Frank Stella : It has been suggested that the title has a double meaning, referring also to Jasper Johns' paintings of flags.
Frank Stella : The Museum of Modern Art in New York presented a retrospective of Stella's work in 1970, making him the youngest artist to receive one.
Frank Stella : He has said of this project, "The starting point for the art cars was racing livery.
Frank Stella : To create these works, the artist used collages or maquettes that were then enlarged and re-created with the aids of assistants, industrial metal cutters, and digital technologies.
Frank Stella : In 1993, for example, he created the entire decorative scheme for Toronto’s Princess of Wales Theatre, which includes a 10,000-square-foot mural.
Frank Stella : Among the many honors he has received was an invitation from Harvard University to give the Charles Eliot Norton Lectures in 1984.
Frank Stella : The Irregular Polygon canvases and Protractor series further extended the concept of the shaped canvas.
Frank Stella : In the 1990s, Stella began making free-standing sculpture for public spaces and developing architectural projects.
Frank Stella : Also in the 1960s, Stella began to use a wider range of colors, typically arranged in straight or curved lines.
Frank Stella : In 1967, he designed the set and costumes for Scramble, a dance piece by Merce Cunningham.
Frank Stella : During the following decade, Stella introduced relief into his art, which he came to call "maximalist" painting for its sculptural qualities.
Frank Stella : It takes its name ("The Raised Banner" in English) from the first line of the Horst-Wessel-Lied, the anthem of the National Socialist German Workers Party, and Stella pointed out that it is in the same proportions as banners used by that organization.
Frank Stella : In 2011, he received the Lifetime Achievement Award in Contemporary Sculpture by the International Sculpture Center.
Frank Stella : His work also became more three-dimensional to the point where he started producing large, free-standing metal pieces, which, although they are painted upon, might well be considered sculpture.
Frank Stella : In 2009, Frank Stella was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama.
Frank Stella : Calling for a rejuvenation of abstraction by achieving the depth of baroque painting, these six talks were published by Harvard University Press in 1986 under the title "Working Space".
Frank Stella : After introducing wood and other materials in the Polish Village series (73), created in high relief, he began to use aluminum as the primary support for his paintings.
Frank Stella : Upon moving to New York City, he reacted against the expressive use of paint by most painters of the abstract expressionist movement, instead finding himself drawn towards the "flatter" surfaces of Barnett Newman's work and the "target" paintings of Jasper Johns.
Frank Stella : Stella produced a series of prints during the late 1960s starting with a print called "Quathlamba I" in 1968.
Frank Stella : After attending high school at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, where he learned about abstract modernists Josef Albers and Hans Hofmann, he attended Princeton University, where he majored in history and met Darby Bannard and Michael Fried.
Frank Stella : In 1976, Stella was commissioned by BMW to paint a BMW 3.0 CSL for the second installment in the BMW Art Car Project.
Frank Stella : From the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s, Stella created a large body of work that responded in a general way to Herman Melville’s "Moby-Dick."
Frank Stella : Early visits to New York art galleries fostered his artistic development, and his work was influenced by the abstract expressionism of Jackson Pollock and Franz Kline.
Frank Stella : Indeed, his earlier Minimalism [more] became baroque, marked by curving forms, Day-Glo colors, and scrawled brushstrokes.
Frank Stella : His aluminum bandshell, inspired by a folding hat from Brazil, was built in downtown Miami in 2001; a monumental Stella sculpture was installed outside the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
Frank Stella : During this time, the increasingly deep relief of Stella's paintings gave way to full three-dimensionality, with sculptural forms derived from cones, pillars, French curves, waves, and decorative architectural elements.
Frank Stella : In 1997, he painted and oversaw the installation of the 5,000-square-foot "Stella Project" which serves as the centerpiece of the theater and lobby of the Moores Opera House located at the Rebecca and John J. Moores School of Music on the campus of the University of Houston, in Houston, TX.
Frank Stella : In 1959, several of his paintings were included in "Three Young Americans" at the Allen Memorial Art Museum at Oberlin College, as well as in "Sixteen Americans" at the Museum of Modern Art in New York (60).
Frank Stella : From 1960 Stella began to produce paintings in aluminium and copper paint which, in their presentation of regular lines of color separated by pinstripes, are similar to his black paintings.
Frank Stella : Later he began his "Protractor Series" (71) of paintings, in which arcs, sometimes overlapping, within square borders are arranged side-by-side to produce full and half circles painted in rings of concentric color.
Frank Stella : However they use a wider range of colors, and are his first works using shaped canvases (canvases in a shape other than the traditional rectangle or square), often being in L, N, U or T-shapes.
Frank Stella : Stella began his extended engagement with printmaking in the mid-1960s, working first with master printer Kenneth Tyler at Gemini G.E.L.
Frank Stella : Stella's work was included in several exhibitions in the 1960s, among them the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum’s The Shaped Canvas (1965) and Systemic Painting (1966).
Frank Stella : This new aesthetic found expression in a series of new paintings, the Black Paintings (1959) in which regular bands of black paint were separated by very thin pinstripes of unpainted canvas.
Allan Peiper : After six years working with BMC Racing Team, the team disbanded at the end of the 2018 season.
Chuck Peddle : Peddle was born in Bangor, Maine, United States on November 25, 1937.
Chuck Peddle : He worked in a radio station while in high school.
Chuck Peddle : Afterwards, he went to work for General Electric working with time sharing systems.
Arnaldo Pambianco : Arnaldo Pambianco (born 16 August 1935) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who was active between 1956 and 1966.
Darren Fletcher : Fletcher came through the ranks of Manchester United's Youth Academy and spent 20 years with United, making 342 appearances for the club.
Darren Fletcher : In total he won 80 caps and scored five goals for Scotland.
Darren Fletcher : Fletcher made his full international debut for Scotland in 2003, and scored his first international goal on his second appearance.
Darren Fletcher : After Barry Ferguson was banned from international football because of a breach of regulations, Fletcher was given the captaincy on a full-time basis in August 2009.
Darren Fletcher : With them, he won five Premier Leagues, one FA Cup, two League Cups, the UEFA Champions League, four FA Community Shields and the FIFA Club World Cup.
Darren Fletcher : Darren Barr Fletcher (born 1 February 1984) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder.
Darren Fletcher : He played his first competitive match in ten months, coming on as a substitute for Paul Scholes in the 78th minute in Manchester United's 1–0 win over Galatasaray at Old Trafford in the Champions League.
Darren Fletcher : On 2 February 2015, Fletcher signed for West Bromwich Albion on a free transfer.
Ricardo Pérez de Zabalza Goytre : Ricardo Pérez de Zabalza Goytre (born 14 April 1977), commonly known as Richi, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Takao Kobayashi : Kobayashi has discovered more than 2000 asteroids using CCD technology, including the Amor asteroids 7358 Oze, , and about nine Trojan asteroids.
Rodolfo Gamarra : Gamarra won with the Paraguayan U-16 team the 2004 U-16 South American Championship.
Rodolfo Gamarra : Rodolfo Vicente Gamarra Varela (born 10 December 1988) is a Paraguayan football winger who plays for Cobresal.
Rodolfo Gamarra : He played his first game for the senior national team in 2009, in an unofficial friendly against Chile.
Rodolfo Gamarra : On 20 May 2009 he scored his two first professional goals in the 4–1 victory over 12 de Octubre.
Rodolfo Gamarra : Gamarra played his first professional game with Libertad in the Paraguayan Primera División on 18 November 2008, on a 1–1 draw against Tacuary.
Jesse Spencer : In 2007, he was included in "People Magazine" 100 Most Beautiful People issue.
Jesse Spencer : He completed his VCE and had gained a place at Monash University but deferred to pursue acting.
Jesse Spencer : Spencer has two older brothers: Tarney Spencer, an oculo-plastic surgeon, and Luke Spencer, an
Jesse Spencer : Spencer was born in Melbourne on February 12, 1979.
Jesse Spencer : Growing up, he attended Canterbury Primary School, Malvern Central School, and the private Scotch College.
Jesse Spencer : He was born to Rodney Spencer, a doctor, and Robyn Spencer.
Jesse Spencer : Spencer began his musical career with the Australian Boys Choir, performing with them from 1986 to 1992.
Jesse Spencer : Spencer was formerly engaged to Jennifer Morrison.
Jesse Spencer : He met his former House M.D.
Jesse Spencer : Spencer starred as Billy Kennedy in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" from 1994 to 2000.
Jesse Spencer : For "Neighbours", Spencer was nominated for "Most Popular Actor" at the 1998 and 1999 Logie Awards.
Gabriel Heinze : On 11 December 2017, in the same capacity, he was appointed at Vélez Sarsfield on 11 December 2017.
Gabriel Heinze : Gabriel Iván Heinze (; born 19 April 1978) is an Argentine former footballer who operated as either a left-back or a central defender, and is the manager of Vélez Sarsfield.
Gabriel Heinze : He made his debut on 2 September against Villarreal, coming on as a substitute for Raúl.
Gabriel Heinze : On 22 August 2007, Heinze joined Real Madrid on a four-year deal, becoming the third United player to join the Spaniards (after David Beckham and Ruud van Nistelrooy), for a reported £8 million fee.
Aaron Peirsol : Aaron Wells Peirsol (born July 23, 1983) is an American former competition swimmer and backstroke specialist who is a former world champion and world record-holder.
Aaron Peirsol : In the 200-meter backstroke, Peirsol easily won with a time of 1:55.13.
Paolo Bettini : Paolo Bettini lived with his family on the Tuscany coast.
Paolo Bettini : He began racing when he was seven and won 23 of his first 24 races.
Paolo Bettini : His first bike had a secondhand frame which his father, Giuliano, had painted orange.
Paolo Bettini : Following the Giro he became the Italian road champion and won a stage at the Vuelta a España before winning the world championship.
Paolo Bettini : A week later, he won Züri-Metzgete for a second time.
Paolo Bettini : Paolo Bettini (born 1 April 1974 in Cecina, Livorno, Tuscany) is an Italian former champion road racing cyclist, and the former coach of the Italian national cycling team.
Paolo Bettini : He set the record for World Cup wins in a season in 2003, winning the Milan–San Remo, HEW Cyclassics and Clásica de San Sebastián.
Barry Marshall : Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia and lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at the age of eight.
Barry Marshall : This experiment was published in 1985 in the "Medical Journal of Australia" and is among the most cited articles from the journal.
Barry Marshall : Barry James Marshall (born 30 September 1951) is an Australian physician, Nobel Prize Laureate in Physiology or Medicine, and Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia.
Barry Marshall : In 2005, the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Marshall and Robin Warren, his long-time collaborator, "for their discovery of the bacterium "Helicobacter pylori" and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease".
Fredrik Kessiakoff : Fredrik Carl Wilhelm Kessiakoff (born 17 May 1980) is a Swedish former professional road bicycle racer.
Fredrik Kessiakoff : He twice represented Sweden at the Olympics.
Andrija Delibašić : Andrija Delibašić (Cyrillic: Андрија Делибашић, ; born 24 April 1981) is a Montenegrin retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
Andrija Delibašić : He was definitely released on 5 August 2008, joining Hércules CF (also second level) on a free transfer and penning a two-year contract.
Marco Arriagada : He is the brother of cyclist Marcelo Arriagada.
Marco Arriagada : Marco Antonio Arriagada Quinchel (born October 30, 1975 in Curicó) is a Chilean professional racing cyclist.
Marco Arriagada : After a very successful opening to his 2011 season, which saw him take victories in Argentina, Chile and the Dominican Republic, Arriagada tested positive for the anabolic steroid stanozolol during the Vuelta de Chile.
Marco Arriagada : He carried the flag for his native country at the opening ceremony of the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Joe Kleine : Joseph William Kleine (born January 4, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA.
Joe Kleine : Kleine played for the US national team in the 1982 FIBA World Championship, winning the silver medal.
Joe Kleine : Kleine went on to have a fifteen-year NBA career, playing with the Kings as well as the Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles Lakers, New Jersey Nets, Chicago Bulls, and Portland Trail Blazers.
Jacques-Pierre Amette : Jacques-Pierre Amette (born 1943 in Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives, Calvados) is a French writer.
Jacques-Pierre Amette : In 2003 his novel "Brecht's Mistress" (French: "La Maîtresse de Brecht") won the Prix Goncourt.
Ansi Agolli : Ansi Agolli (born 11 October 1982) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a left back for the New York Cosmos in the US-based National Premier Soccer League and captains the Albanian national team.
Robert Duvall : While studying acting, he worked as a Manhattan post office clerk.
Robert Duvall : During his two years there, Dustin Hoffman, Gene Hackman, and James Caan were among his classmates.
Robert Duvall : He grew up primarily in Annapolis, Maryland, site of the United States Naval Academy.
Robert Duvall : His mother was a relative of U.S. Civil War General Robert E. Lee, and a member of the Lee Family of Virginia, while his father was a descendant of settler Mareen Duvall.
Robert Duvall : Duvall served in the United States Army for a brief period shortly after the Korean War (from August 19, 1953, to August 20, 1954) leaving the Army as private first class.
Robert Duvall : In the winter of 1955, Duvall began studies at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City, under Sanford Meisner, on the G.I.
Robert Duvall : He received the National Medal of Arts in 2005.
Robert Duvall : He directed "Assassination Tango" (2002), a thriller about one of his favorite hobbies, tango.
Robert Duvall : Robert Selden Duvall (; born January 5, 1931) is an American actor and filmmaker whose career spans more than six decades.
Robert Duvall : Colonel Kilgore in "Apocalypse Now" (1979).
José Luis Gil : His most popular roles are Juan Cuesta in the TV series "Aquí no hay quien viva" and Enrique Pastor in "La que se avecina", but he has worked as a voice actor since the 1970s.
José Luis Gil : José Luis Gil Sanz (Zaragoza, December 9, 1957) is a Spanish television, cinema, theatre and voice actor.
Ben Mendelsohn : He has one daughter with Forrest, born in 2014, and one from a previous relationship.
Ben Mendelsohn : He was divorced from Forrest in 2016.
Ben Mendelsohn : In October 2009, he was featured in an episode of the Australian series "Who Do You Think You Are?
Ben Mendelsohn : Mendelsohn married British-American journalist Emma Forrest in June 2012.
Ben Mendelsohn : He attended Heidelberg Primary School and Eltham High and Banyule High schools.
Ben Mendelsohn : Paul Benjamin Mendelsohn (born 3 April 1969) is an Australian actor, who first rose to prominence in Australia for his breakout role in "The Year My Voice Broke" (1987).
Ben Mendelsohn : Mendelsohn was born in Melbourne, Victoria, the son of Carole Ann (née Ferguson) and Frederick Arthur Oscar Mendelsohn.
Ben Mendelsohn : In 2010, he appeared in "Animal Kingdom", starring in the film as Andrew "Pope" Cody, a criminal on the run from the law living in the notorious Melbourne Underworld.
Ben Mendelsohn : A couple years later in 2018, he played the role of Nolan Sorrento in Steven Spielberg's science fiction film "Ready Player One".
Jake Zyrus : These videos received over 15 million hits, making Zyrus an internet sensation.
Jake Zyrus : He adopted his current name in 2017 and discontinued the use of "Charice Pempengco", after having male chest reconstruction and beginning testosterone treatment.
Jake Zyrus : Eliminated after the first performance, Zyrus was called back as a wildcard contender and eventually became one of the finalists.
Jake Zyrus : In a 2014 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Zyrus mentioned being attracted to girls since childhood and said "basically, my soul is male", but denied plans to pursue gender transition at that time.
Jake Zyrus : In 2005, Zyrus joined "Little Big Star", a talent show in the Philippines loosely patterned after "American Idol".
Jake Zyrus : To help support the family, Zyrus began to enter singing contests at the age of seven, from town fiestas in various provinces to singing competitions on TV, eventually competing in almost a hundred such contests.
Jake Zyrus : Only in 2007 did Zyrus gain worldwide recognition after an avid supporter, FalseVoice, started posting a series of performances on YouTube.
Jake Zyrus : Zyrus made some minor appearances on local television shows and commercials, but essentially fell off the radar after "Little Big Star".
Jake Zyrus : Growing up, the family listened to many types of music, especially artists such as Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, and Destiny's Child.
Jake Zyrus : On September 14, 2011, it was revealed in a Japanese broadcast that Zyrus would be singing the theme song to the video game "Final Fantasy XIII-2", "New World".
Jake Zyrus : Crossing over to acting on television, he joined the cast of TV series "Glee" later in 2010 as Sunshine Corazon.
Jake Zyrus : Jake Zyrus (born Charmaine Clarice Relucio Pempengco; May 10, 1992) is a Filipino singer and television personality.
Shad Gaspard : He first trained with Sgt.
Shad Gaspard : Gaspard then decided to become a professional wrestler.
Shad Gaspard : Dewayne Bruce from the WCW Power Plant for six months.
Shad Gaspard : Even though Gaspard was only sixteen years old, he competed against adults who were older than he was by five to twenty years, due to his large size.
Shad Gaspard : At age 5, his father began training him in boxing, and at age eight he began training in a mixture of different martial arts such as Judo, Jeet Kune Do, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai.
Shad Gaspard : He qualified for the finals of the reality television program "Tough Enough 2" in 2002, but was disqualified and replaced after failing a physical.
Shad Gaspard : On March 5, 2011, Gaspard was arrested by police in Columbus, Ohio for having allegedly refused the commands of a police officer and then resisting arrest for jaywalking.
Shad Gaspard : In June 2005, he was signed to a developmental contract by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Shad Gaspard : Gaspard holds won-loss records as a No Holds Barred fighter (35–7) and an amateur boxer (57–26).
Shad Gaspard : Afterwards, he attended Prichard's first Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) "training camp", after which he was offered an opportunity to return to train full-time.
Shad Gaspard : Soon after, Shad went on a hiatus from television and was sent to Florida Championship Wrestling, WWE's developmental territory.
Shad Gaspard : Originally, he acted as Bolin's personal enforcer, until he was placed into a tag team with Carlos Colón, Jr. in February 2004.
Shad Gaspard : He was released from his contract on November 19, 2010.
Shad Gaspard : Later that year, at WrestleMania 23, Cryme Tyme made a cameo appearance and started a dance party with Eugene and some WWE Legends in the backstage area.
Shad Gaspard : After high school, he continued to play basketball at Georgia Perimeter College, and after leaving, he became a bodyguard for several rappers and actors, including pop star Britney Spears, Puff Daddy, and Mike Tyson.
Shad Gaspard : Gaspard debuted in OVW in 2003 under the ring name "Da Beast", eventually joining Kenny Bolin's "Bolin Services" stable.
Shad Gaspard : In early 2006, during his feud in OVW with CM Punk, Gaspard was joined by the Neighborhoodie and formed a new tag team known as "The Gang Stars".
Shad Gaspard : After Colón left OVW in October 2004, Gaspard left "Bolin Services" and formed several short lived tag teams with Osama, Mike Mondo, Ken Doane, and Ryan Wilson, before he began wrestling under his real name as a singles wrestler.
Shad Gaspard : At age sixteen, Gaspard began prize fighting for promoter Hardbody Harrison, a former World Championship Wrestling wrestler and FX Tough Man Champion, in bar fighting tournaments such as boxing, kickboxing, mixed martial arts (MMA), and tough man competitions.
Shad Gaspard : Cryme Tyme also started a feud with the World Tag Team Champions Ted DiBiase and Cody Rhodes, stealing their championship belts for a time, then losing a title match to them at the Unforgiven pay-per-view event.
Shad Gaspard : ", Deuce 'n Domino (with Cherry) defeated Cryme Tyme in an inter-brand match tag match.<ref name="deuce/domino"></ref> While Deuce, Domino and Cherry celebrated their victory, Cryme Tyme appeared on the titantron and kayfabe stole their car, taking it to Brisco Brothers Auto Shop to sell it for parts chanting "Money, money, yeah, yeah".
Shad Gaspard : A few months later at the New Year's Revolution pay-per-view, Cryme Tyme won a Tag Team Turmoil Match against The Highlanders, The World's Greatest Tag Team, Cade and Murdoch, and Jim Duggan and Super Crazy, earning them a shot at the World Tag Team Championships.
Shad Gaspard : In June 2007, on an episode of "SmackDown!
Shad Gaspard : In November 2006, at Cyber Sunday, Cryme Tyme defeated Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch, Charlie Haas and Viscera and The Highlanders in a Texas Tornado match (as voted by the fans).
Shad Gaspard : Shad and JTG returned to WWE on the March 31, 2008, episode of "Raw", as Cryme Tyme defeating Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch.
Eduardo Serra : In 1970 he got his second degree from the Paris-Sorbonne University, in Art History and Archeology.
Eduardo Serra : He settled in France, where he was accepted to Vaugirard film school in Paris; he graduated in 1966.
Eduardo Serra : From 1960 to 1963, Serra studied engineering at Lisbon's Instituto Superior Técnico, but he had to leave the country after his involvement in students' protests against Salazar's dictatorship.
Eduardo Serra : In 2004, Serra received the "Ordem do Infante D. Henrique", a civilian award presented for services to Portuguese culture, from President Jorge Sampaio.
Eduardo Serra : Eduardo Martins Serra (born 2 October 1943) is a Portuguese cinematographer who has spent most of his career working in European film productions, mostly in French, Portuguese and British films, with frequent collaborations with directors Patrice Leconte and Claude Chabrol.
Jacques Beurlet : Jacques Beurlet (born 21 December 1944) is a retired Belgian footballer.
Jacques Beurlet : During his career he played for R. Standard de Liège.
Donald Ray Pollock : "Knockemstiff" was awarded the PEN/Robert Bingham Prize, and has been published in France, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Italy, and England.
Donald Ray Pollock : Born in 1954 and raised in Knockemstiff, Ohio, Pollock has lived his entire adult life in Chillicothe, Ohio, where he worked at the Mead Paper Mill as a laborer and truck driver until age 50, when he enrolled in the English program at Ohio State University.
Donald Ray Pollock : Donald Ray Pollock (born December 23, 1954) is an American writer.
Robert Gates : in history.
Robert Gates : in history.
Robert Gates : Because of his senior status in the CIA, Gates was close to many figures who played significant roles in the Iran–Contra Affair and was in a position to have known of their activities.
Robert Gates : He served until 1993.
Robert Gates : He returned to the CIA in late 1979, serving briefly as the director of the Strategic Evaluation Center, Office of Strategic Research.
Robert Gates : He completed his Ph.D. in Russian and Soviet history at Georgetown University in 1974.
Robert Gates : Robert Michael Gates (born September 25, 1943) is an American statesman, scholar, intelligence analyst, and university president who served as the 22nd United States Secretary of Defense from 2006 to 2011.
Jeremain Lens : Jeremain Marciano Lens (born 24 November 1987) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Beşiktaş and the Netherlands national team.
Jeremain Lens : On 21 May 2010, PSV contracted Lens for four years, swapping Dirk Marcellis as part of the deal.
Jeremain Lens : On 3 May 2010, Lens was called up for the Dutch national team, as a part of the preparations for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : They have two daughters.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He successfully defended his thesis "Verfassung und Verfassungsvertrag.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : After the failure of the 20 July plot he was arrested and later executed.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : It was awarded by "politik & kommunikation", a German periodical for political communications.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He insisted on strict conditionality, including restructuring, and limited support to only those companies which were otherwise competitive but were temporarily affected by the crisis.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : During the Second World War, he narrowly escaped execution after refusing to kill Jews, stating that he would rather shoot SS members.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : A few months later he drafted a legislative proposal to minimize the financial risks of failing banks, which caused controversy but later became the foundation of the German bank restructuring bill.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The proposals triggered a major debate about the country's draft system and were met with significant political opposition, not least in Guttenberg's own political party.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2009, Opel employed 25,000 workers in Germany and indirectly supported 50,000 additional jobs through its supplier network.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He has received many awards for his contributions to classical music, including the German Cultural Award and the Echo Klassik award.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The overall goal was to boost the Bundeswehr's expeditionary capabilities while, at the same time, achieving cost reductions.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In November 2008, Opel had appealed for governmental assistance because of severe financial problems facing its American parent, General Motors (GM).
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : As a Member of Parliament, he was a strong critic of the far-left party Die Linke, which he accused of links to terrorists.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He was the youngest-ever German defence minister in the post-war era.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : To accomplish these reforms, Guttenberg proposed to reduce the armed forces to 165,000 active duty soldiers and to suspend the draft, resulting in the most comprehensive restructuring of the Bundeswehr since its founding in 1955.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In addition to domestic policy he also emphasized his focus on international affairs.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2009, he was reelected again with 68.1% of the votes in his district, obtaining the highest percentage of votes of all elected representatives in Germany for that election cycle.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Since the adoption of Germany's 1919 Weimar Constitution, which abolished the nobility's privileges, "noble titles form part of the name only".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg was born in Munich.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In September 2008, the CSU suffered heavy losses in the Bavaria state election and lost its absolute majority in the Bavarian Landtag - for the first time in 46 years.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In the wake of the global financial crisis, several major German banks were near failure, including Hypo Real Estate, which received €102 billion of credit and guarantees from Germany's bank rescue fund.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg based his opposition to full Turkish membership in the EU on the country's insufficient fulfillment of relevant accession criteria, for example with regard to the Cyprus dispute.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : However, he rejected taking rash military action against Iran and instead called for an international diplomatic effort to deal with Tehran's nuclear program.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The findings were supported by members from the ruling CDU/CSU-FDP coalition while the opposition parties criticized the special investigative committee's report and later published their own account of the investigation.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In November 2011, Guttenberg published the book ""Vorerst gescheitert"" ("Failed for Now").
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He also invited journalists to accompany him on these trips in an effort to educate the wider German public about the nature of the Bundeswehr deployment in Afghanistan.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : She is the daughter of Ludwine, Countess Pejacsevich de Verocze.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Due to the holding's low turnover and small number of employees, it was said that Guttenberg had exaggerated his business experience.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He was reelected in 2005, winning 60.0% of the votes in his constituency.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In early 2004, Guttenberg introduced the concept of a Privileged Partnership between Turkey and the European Union as a viable alternative to accession of Turkey to the European Union into the German political discourse.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg also repeatedly warned of the looming threat posed to German and European security by Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Stages of Constitutional Development in the USA and EU"), and was awarded the academic degree Doctor of Law ("Doktor der Rechte") in 2007.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In the end, Guttenberg's view won out and on 29 October 2010, the CSU general party convention approved the minister's motion to suspend the draft by a large majority.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The castle has been in the possession of the Guttenberg family since 1482.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : However, in contrast to Jung, Guttenberg conceded that the strike had also caused civilian casualties.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Several months later Guttenberg accused the EU of inaction and a lack of capabilities given the crises in Ukraine and the Middle East.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The Opel-Magna deal later failed, and Opel remained a subsidiary of GM, who had to reimburse financial assistance to Germany.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg chose not to pursue the second state examination (the equivalent of a bar exam), and focused on running the Munich-based "Guttenberg GmbH" holding where, along with a few employees, he managed his family's significant assets and various participations.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Furthermore, Guttenberg also demanded a stronger involvement of key neighboring states such as Russia, India, and China in the resolution of the Afghan conflict.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg is Catholic, while his wife is Protestant (Lutheran).
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg's reform plans were supported by a blue-ribbon "Bundeswehr Structural Commission" that the minister created in April 2010.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In this case, Guttenberg opposed an overly hasty nationalization of Hypo Real Estate, which he considered only as ""ultissima ratio", a measure of the very last resort".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In Spring 2014, he decried an "astonishing leadership vacuum in the world" and demanded that the West, and especially Europe, respond to Moscow's aggressions with strong political action.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Several weeks later, Chancellor Merkel's CDU held its own party convention and also voted in favor of suspending the draft.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg, the youngest economics minister in the German post-war era, came to office in the midst of a deep global financial crisis and recession.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg is a strong critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin's expansionist foreign policy.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In March 2009, Guttenberg made his first visit to the US as economics minister, focusing his trip on the future of Opel.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg and Wagoner agreed on the necessity of a private investor for Opel.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : As secretary-general, Guttenberg called for tax cuts, an increase in family benefits and structural reforms within the CSU to foster more direct political participation of the party base.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In December 2010, Guttenberg traveled to Afghanistan along with his wife Stephanie to visit with the troops before the Christmas holidays.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : During a plenary session on the economic and financial crisis he voiced pessimism about the current state of the EU and decried a severe "crisis of political leadership".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He also chaired the CSU Foreign Policy Expert Committee and the German-British parliamentary group during that time.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In addition, he was also accompanied by German TV moderator Johannes B. Kerner, who hosted his prime-time talk show at the Bundeswehr camp in Mazar-i-Sharif featuring the Guttenbergs and German soldiers deployed there.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : While other German media and the opposition parties sharply criticized Guttenberg for allowing Kerner to host his show in Afghanistan, the reaction by the German troops and the general public was predominantly positive.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : At the same time, he stressed the necessity of maintaining good relations with Turkey and was therefore critical of a French initiative to criminalize the denial of the Armenian Genocide.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Karl Ludwig was a Catholic monarchist, who prior to the Second World War published the "Weiße Blätter" (White Papers), an important publication of the conservative opposition to the Nazi regime.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The publication is based on a series of conversations with the editor-in-chief of Die Zeit, Giovanni di Lorenzo, in which Guttenberg talks extensively for the first time about his political career, the plagiarism scandal and his resignation, as well as his plans for the future.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He praised Chancellor Merkel for her firm stance against Putin.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : His grandmother, Rosa Sophie Prinzessin von Arenberg (1922-2012), was a member of the House of Arenberg.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 1991, after finishing high school (Gymnasium) in Rosenheim, Guttenberg completed his mandatory military service reaching the rank of Sergeant.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Initially, he adopted the position of his predecessor Jung and defended the air strike as "militarily appropriate".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In light of the traditionally challenging security situation in Afghanistan, Guttenberg called for the development of an internationally coordinated long-term security strategy – based on the use of special forces and close intelligence cooperation within the coalition – to stabilize the country even after the eventual withdrawal of all foreign troops.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg is a member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU) and held different positions within the party, including that of secretary general.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg's criticism in the book of the direction which the CSU is headed sparked some controversy within his party.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : During his tenure as defense minister, Guttenberg made nine visits to Afghanistan and the German soldiers deployed there.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : From October 2005 to November 2008, Guttenberg served as chairman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group in the Bundestag's Foreign Affairs Committee and as spokesman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group in the Bundestag's Committee on disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg attempted to elevate public perception of Germany's Afghan mission by personally participating - sometimes along with the Chancellor - at funeral services held for fallen Bundeswehr soldiers.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : According to German press reports, Chancellor Merkel offered Guttenberg the choice between the interior and the defence ministries while negotiating the distribution of ministerial posts within the new coalition government.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2011, the Carneval Association of Aachen awarded him the "Order Against Dead Seriousness" ("Orden wider den tierischen Ernst"), although he did not attend the ceremony in person, sending instead his younger brother.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Because of the resultant financial risks to the German state, Guttenberg opposed the sale of Opel to Magna International, favoured by Chancellor Merkel, and—according to media coverage—even offered his resignation over the controversy.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg decided to opt for the defence portfolio and took the oath of office on 28 October 2009 as part of the Second Cabinet Merkel.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In November 2010, Guttenberg established the Combat Action Medal of the Bundeswehr, which is awarded for bravery in combat and to soldiers who were the targets of terrorist or military attacks.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg is the chairman and a founder of "Spitzberg Partners", an advisory and investment firm based in New York City.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In November 2010, a United States diplomatic cables leak revealed that American diplomats viewed Guttenberg positively, with one cable describing him as a "foreign policy expert, a transatlanticist and a close and well-known friend to the United States".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The first political challenge facing defence minister Guttenberg was dealing with the Kunduz airstrike of 4 September 2009.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In September 2011, it became known that Guttenberg had bought a house for his family in Greenwich (Connecticut), close to New York City.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2002, Guttenberg was elected to the Bundestag as the representative of Kulmbach.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : At the demand of the opposition parties, the Bundestag subsequently established a special investigative committee to shed light on the defense ministry's communications policy in connection with the Kunduz air strike.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg appeared together with Henry Kissinger during a CNN interview about the Ukraine crisis and explained the significant domestic political resistance that Merkel's Russia policy faced in Germany.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Shortly after taking office, Guttenberg publicly compared the situation faced by Bundeswehr soldiers in Afghanistan to "war".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The 2009 Bundestag elections led to a change in government, as the incumbent grand coalition of CDU/CSU and SPD was replaced by a center-right coalition of CDU/CSU and FDP.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : As a result of this political defeat the CSU party leadership stepped down and Horst Seehofer, the new CSU chairman and minister-president of Bavaria, appointed Guttenberg as secretary general of the CSU in November 2008.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg studied law at the University of Bayreuth, where he passed the first legal state examination (said to be the equivalent of a master's degree) in 1999.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In the summer of 2009, he surpassed Angela Merkel as the most popular politician in Germany.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg has a younger brother, Philipp Franz zu Guttenberg (born 1973), who married a daughter of Godfrey James Macdonald, the 8th Baron Macdonald.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In September 2014, Spitzberg Partners and Canadian Acasta Capital founded "Atlantic Advisory Partners" (AAP), a partnership to promote business and trade between Canada and the European Union in connection with the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA).
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg at first denied intentional plagiarism, calling the accusations "absurd," but acknowledged that he may have made errors in his footnotes.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In spring 2014, Guttenberg formed Spitzberg Partners LLC, a consulting and investment company.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : At the Halifax International Security Forum in November 2011, Guttenberg made his first public appearance since joining CSIS.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In the case of troubled German companies asking for state aid, including automaker Opel and now-defunct mail-order service Arcandor/Quelle, Guttenberg was reluctant to commit government resources.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Her father was Jakob von und zu Eltz, a former President of the Association of Winemakers in Rheingau who became active in Croatian politics after Croatian independence.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He belonged to the circle of anti-Hitler conspirators around Hans von Dohnányi, Justus Delbrück, and Hans Oster.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg's mother, Christiane zu Eltz is a member of the Eltz family, which has strong ties with Croatia.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Previously, Enoch zu Guttenberg also owned the winery estate Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In early 2010, Guttenberg decided to push for fundamental Bundeswehr reforms in an effort to address the structural deficits within the German armed forces and to deal with declining defense budgets.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2010, the German news magazine "Focus" named him "Man of the Year".
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Jung, who in the meantime had assumed the position of labor minister in the second Merkel cabinet, took full political responsibility for the delay in sharing relevant Kunduz air strike information and resigned the following day.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg was awarded the "Politikaward" in 2009, which is a German "Politician of the Year" award.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : After Guttenberg had received additional information and investigative reports dating back to the tenure of his predecessor Jung, Guttenberg changed his position concerning the "Kunduz airstrike" and dismissed Bundeswehr Chief of Staff Schneiderhahn and Parliamentary State Secretary of Defence Wichert on 26 November 2009.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In 2011, Guttenberg joined the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg is a member of the House of Guttenberg, first documented in 1158, and conferred the rank of baron by the Holy Roman Emperor in 1700.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : He lived at his family castle in Guttenberg, Bavaria (district of Kulmbach), a village whose history is closely associated with the House of Guttenberg, and in a mansion in a refined part of Berlin, Berlin-Westend.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg studied political science at the University of Bayreuth.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In February 2000, Guttenberg married Stephanie Gräfin von Bismarck-Schönhausen (born 1976), a great-great-granddaughter of the first Chancellor of Germany Otto von Bismarck.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Guttenberg's father was Enoch zu Guttenberg, a conductor, who has been decorated with the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Officer's Cross) as well as the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : In his talks with U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, the director of the United States National Economic Council, Lawrence Summers, and Rick Wagoner, then CEO of General Motors, Guttenberg demanded that GM provide a viable restructuring plan for Opel as a precondition for receiving financial assistance from the German state.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : His mother married secondly Adolf Richard Barthold von Ribbentrop, owner of an Eltville art gallery and son of Joachim von Ribbentrop, in 1985, and has two children from her second marriage.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : The final report of the Bundestag's special investigative committee cleared Guttenberg from the accusation that he had been responsible for the defence ministry's inadequate communications policy following the Kunduz strike.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Following accusations of plagiarism in Guttenberg's thesis, the University of Bayreuth conducted an investigation, culminating on 23 February 2011 with the revocation of Guttenberg's doctorate.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : After Guttenberg's visit to the US, negotiations between the German government, GM, and potential Opel investors, including Fiat and Canada's Magna International, were stalled by GM and the U.S. Treasury.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : She divorced Enoch zu Guttenberg in 1977, and Karl-Theodor grew up with his father.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Several other members of Guttenberg's family also offered resistance to the Nazi regime, among them his great-grandfather Georg Enoch Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, and Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg, a great-great-uncle of Guttenberg.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : His grandfather, Karl Theodor Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (1921–1972), was a CSU politician and hard-line conservative during the Cold War, noted for his opposition to the Ostpolitik.
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg : Karl-Theodor Maria Nikolaus Johann Jacob Philipp Franz Joseph Sylvester Buhl-Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (born 5 December 1971) is a German businessman and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU).
Paolo Gentiloni : The resignation became effective on 2 December.
Paolo Gentiloni : In 2002 he was a founding member of the Christian leftist The Daisy party, being the party's communications spokesman for five years.
Paolo Gentiloni : Gentiloni was a professional journalist before entering politics.
Paolo Gentiloni : On 11 July 2015, a car bomb exploded outside the Italian consulate in the Egyptian capital Cairo, resulting in at least one death and four people injured; the Islamic State claimed responsibility.
Paolo Gentiloni : On the same day Gentiloni stated that "Italy will not be intimidated" and would continue the fight against terrorism.
Paolo Gentiloni : In 1989 he married Emanuela Mauro, an architect; they have no children.
Paolo Gentiloni : Gentiloni has the titles of Nobile of Filottrano, Nobile of Cingoli, and Nobile of Macerata.
Paolo Gentiloni : Gentiloni served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 31 October 2014 until December 2016, when President Sergio Mattarella appointed him as Prime Minister.
Paolo Gentiloni : On 13 February 2015, during an interview on Sky TG24, Gentiloni stated that "if needed, Italy will be ready to fight in Libya against the Islamic State, because the Italian government can not accept the idea that there is an active terrorist threat only a few hours from Italy by boat."
Paolo Gentiloni : The following day Gentiloni was threatened by ISIL, which accused him of being a crusader, minister of an enemy country.
Paolo Gentiloni : On 31 October 2014 Gentiloni was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi; Gentiloni succeeded Federica Mogherini, who became High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
Paolo Gentiloni : In March 2015 Gentiloni visited Mexico and Cuba and met Cuban President Raúl Castro, ensuring the Italian support for the normalization of relations between Cuba and the United States.
Paolo Gentiloni : During early 1970s he attended the Classical Lyceum Torquato Tasso in Rome; he graduated in political sciences at the Sapienza University of Rome.
Paolo Gentiloni : In 1993 he became Rutelli's spokesman during his campaign to become Mayor of Rome; after the election, which saw a strong victory by Rutelli against Gianfranco Fini, leader of the neo-fascist Italian Social Movement, Gentiloni was appointed Great Jubilee and Tourism Councillor in the Rome City Council.
Paolo Gentiloni : After the centre-left's victory, Gentiloni served as Minister for Communications in Prodi's second government from 2006 until 2008.
Paolo Gentiloni : Common Good led by Pier Luigi Bersani, Secretary of the PD.
Paolo Gentiloni : On 6 April 2013 he ran in the primary election to select the center-left candidate for Mayor of Rome, placing third, with 14% of votes, after Ignazio Marino (51%), who became Mayor, and the journalist David Sassoli, who gained 28%.
Paolo Gentiloni : However, Gentiloni was elected again to the Chamber of Deputies in the 2013 general election, as part of the centre-left coalition Italy.
Paolo Gentiloni : Gentiloni was re-elected in the 2008 general election, which saw the victory of the conservative coalition led by Silvio Berlusconi.
Paolo Gentiloni : He was reelected in the 2006 election as a member of The Olive Tree, the political coalition led by the Bolognese economist Romano Prodi.
Paolo Gentiloni : He was one of the 45 members of the national founding committee of the Democratic Party in 2007, formed by the union of the democratic socialists Democrats of the Left and the Christian leftist The Daisy.
Paolo Gentiloni : Paolo Gentiloni Silveri (; born 22 November 1954) is an Italian politician who served as the 57th prime minister of Italy from 2016 to 2018.
Jair Marinho : Jair Marinho de Oliveira (born 17 July 1936, in Santo Antônio de Pádua), nicknamed Jair Marinho, is a former Brazilian footballer.
Simone Ponzi : Simone Ponzi (born 17 January 1987 in Manerbio) is an Italian road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI Professional Continental Team .
Simone Ponzi : He turned professional in 2009.
Wes Studi : Until he attended elementary school, he spoke only Cherokee at home.
Wes Studi : Wesley Studi (; born December 17, 1947) is a Cherokee American actor and film producer who has won critical acclaim and awards, particularly for his portrayal of Native Americans in film.
Wes Studi : Studi stated in an interview that he first began acting while attending Tulsa Community College, after returning from his service in Vietnam.
Wes Studi : Studi was born in a Cherokee family in Nofire Hollow, Oklahoma, a rural area in Cherokee County named after his mother's family.
Wes Studi : He is known for his roles as ruthless Native American warriors, such as a Pawnee in "Dances with Wolves" (1990), and the Huron Magua in "The Last of the Mohicans" (1992).
Paul Davies : He proposed that a one-way trip to Mars could be a viable option.
Paul Davies : The minor planet 6870 Pauldavies is named after him.
Paul Davies : Paul Charles William Davies (born 22 April 1946) is an English physicist, writer and broadcaster, a professor at Arizona State University as well as the Director of BEYOND: Center for Fundamental Concepts in Science.
Paul Davies : In 2005, he took up the chair of the SETI: Post-Detection Science and Technology Taskgroup of the International Academy of Astronautics.
Paul Davies : Davies received the Templeton Prize in 1995.
Paul Davies : His research interests are in the fields of cosmology, quantum field theory, and astrobiology.
Paul Davies : Davies argued that the faith scientists have in the immutability of physical laws has origins in Christian theology, and that the claim that science is "free of faith" is "manifestly bogus."
Paul Davies : Davies' talent as a communicator of science has been recognized in Australia by an Advance Australia Award and two Eureka Prizes, and in the UK by the 2001 Kelvin Medal and Prize by the Institute of Physics, and the 2002 Faraday Prize by The Royal Society.
Emile Hirsch : He was also fined $4,750, received 90 days of probation, and ordered to undergo 50 hours of community service.
Emile Hirsch : In 2008, he travelled to the Democratic Republic of Congo along with four young activists and kept a journal of his five-day trip.
Emile Hirsch : He has an older sister, Jennifer, and was raised in Los Angeles and Santa Fe, New Mexico, where he lived with his mother for several years.
Emile Hirsch : His mother, Margaret Esther (née Davenport), is a visual artist, teacher, and pop-up books designer, and his father, David Milton Hirsch, is an entrepreneur, manager, and producer.
Emile Hirsch : He lost 40 pounds for the role, which earned him a Screen Actors Guild nomination for best actor.
Emile Hirsch : In April 2011, he was cast in Oliver Stone's "Savages", which was released in July 2012.
Emile Hirsch : Emile Davenport Hirsch (born March 13, 1985) is an American actor.
Emile Hirsch : On February 12, 2015, Hirsch was charged with aggravated assault after initiating an altercation with, and then strangling to the point of unconsciousness, Paramount Pictures executive Daniele Bernfeld on January 25, 2015, at Tao Nightclub in Park City, Utah.
Emile Hirsch : He made his film debut in Peter Care's "The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys" (2002) and next acted with Kevin Kline in "The Emperor's Club" (2002).
Emile Hirsch : He starred with Jeff Daniels and Sigourney Weaver in the limited release "Imaginary Heroes" (2005).
Emile Hirsch : He also appeared in Ang Lee's "Taking Woodstock" (2009), based on a screenplay of the Elliot Tiber memoir "Taking Woodstock".
Emilio Martínez-Lázaro : Martínez-Lázaro was born in Madrid in 1945.
Emilio Martínez-Lázaro : He studied in a Jesuit school and later began studies in Industrial Engineering and then in Physical Sciences in Madrid.
Emilio Martínez-Lázaro : Emilio Martínez-Lázaro Torre (born 1945) is a Spanish film director famous for such films as "The Other Side of the Bed" and "Ocho Apellidos Vascos".
Eddie Vedder : He said, "There were fewer choices.
Eddie Vedder : The story was there and the scenes were there."
Eddie Vedder : He also performed with R.E.M.
Eddie Vedder : They have two daughters, Olivia and Harper.
Eddie Vedder : He was also interviewed for the 1996 grunge documentary, "Hype!"
Eddie Vedder : Vedder's ancestry includes Dutch, German and Danish.
Eddie Vedder : He appears in the 2003 Ramones documentary, "".
Eddie Vedder : They were instantly impressed with his unique sound.
Eddie Vedder : His mother soon remarried, to a man named Peter Mueller.
Eddie Vedder : at the 2007 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony and with the Stooges at the 2010 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony.
Eddie Vedder : The three songs would later become Pearl Jam's "Alive", "Once", and "Footsteps".
Eddie Vedder : By the time Vedder learned the truth, Severson had died of multiple sclerosis.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder's issue with fame came from what he stated as "what happens when a lot of these people start thinking you can change their lives or save their lives or whatever and create these impossible fuckin' expectations that in the end just start tearing you apart."
Eddie Vedder : Vedder married his longtime girlfriend, model Jill McCormick, on September 18, 2010.
Eddie Vedder : Upon its release, "Vs." set the record at the time for most copies of an album sold in a week, and spent five weeks at number one on the "Billboard" 200.
Eddie Vedder : The songs tell the story of a young man who, like Vedder, learns that he had been lied to about his paternity and that his real father is dead, grows up to become a serial killer, and is eventually imprisoned and sentenced to death.
Eddie Vedder : In 1994, the band began a much-publicized boycott of Ticketmaster, which lasted for three years and limited the band's ability to tour in the United States.
Eddie Vedder : He had a one-scene cameo in the second episode of the second season of the IFC television show "Portlandia".
Eddie Vedder : Pearl Jam was formed in 1990 by Ament, Gossard, and McCready, who then recruited Vedder and three different drummers in sequence.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder's songs written for the film feature a folk sound.
Eddie Vedder : He said, "When I was around 15 or 16...
Eddie Vedder : The second leg of the tour began in Boston, Massachusetts at the Boston Opera House and ended in Chicago, Illinois at the Auditorium Theatre.
Eddie Vedder : The first single from the album, "Longing to Belong", was released through digital retailers on March 21.
Eddie Vedder : While living in Evanston, Vedder's family fostered seven younger children in a group home.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder had several stints in San Diego area bands, including Surf and Destroy and the Butts.
Eddie Vedder : It includes covers of the Indio song "Hard Sun" and the Jerry Hannan song "Society".
Eddie Vedder : Vedder said that having to write songs based on a narrative "simplified things".
Eddie Vedder : In addition to playing with Pearl Jam and Temple of the Dog, Vedder has performed or recorded with numerous well-known artists.
Eddie Vedder : In 1994, Vedder married Hovercraft bass player Beth Liebling.
Eddie Vedder : He kept busy recording demo tapes at his home and working various jobs, including a position as a contracted security guard at the La Valencia Hotel in La Jolla.
Eddie Vedder : The soundtrack was released on September 18, 2007 through J Records.
Eddie Vedder : Later in 1990, Irons gave him a demo tape from a band in Seattle, Washington, that was looking for a singer.
Eddie Vedder : He appeared as himself, playing drums in lead actor Matt Dillon's backing band, Citizen Dick.
Eddie Vedder : He listened to the tape shortly before going surfing, where lyrics came to him.
Eddie Vedder : He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his contributions to the film's original score.
Eddie Vedder : The band originally took the name Mookie Blaylock, but was forced to change it when the band signed to Epic Records in 1991, instead calling their debut album "Ten", after Blaylock's jersey number.
Eddie Vedder : In April 1991, "Temple of the Dog" was released through A&M Records.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder recorded vocals for the three songs, and mailed the demo tape back to Seattle.
Eddie Vedder : One of those bands, called Indian Style, included future Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave drummer Brad Wilk.
Eddie Vedder : In the mid-1970s, the family, including Vedder's three younger half-brothers, moved to San Diego County, California.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder made a guest appearance at the Ramones' last show on August 6, 1996 at the Palace in Hollywood.
Eddie Vedder : Following an intense touring schedule, the band went into the studio to record what would become its second studio album, "Vs.", released in 1993.
Eddie Vedder : He joined the rest of his family in Chicago, and it was at this time that he changed his name to Vedder, his mother's maiden name.
Eddie Vedder : In 2000, the band released its sixth studio album, "Binaural", and initiated a successful and ongoing series of official bootlegs.
Eddie Vedder : In 1984, Vedder returned to San Diego, with his girlfriend, Beth Liebling and his friend Frank.
Eddie Vedder : In 1988, Vedder became the vocalist for the San Diego progressive funk rock band Bad Radio.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder would provide background vocals on several other songs as well.
Eddie Vedder : The band found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention given to the Seattle music scene and the genre known as grunge.
Eddie Vedder : Regarding the approach Pearl Jam took after its initial success, Vedder stated, "We've had the luxury of writing our own job description...and that description has basically been cut down to just one line: make music."
Eddie Vedder : Vedder had met his biological father briefly as a child, but had believed that Severson was merely an old friend of his parents.
Eddie Vedder : Feeling the pressures of success, with much of the burden of Pearl Jam's popularity falling on Vedder, the band decided to decrease the level of promotion for its albums, including refusing to release music videos.
Eddie Vedder : Pearl Jam recorded a cover version of the Who's song "Love, Reign o'er Me" for the film "Reign Over Me", which takes its title from the song.
Eddie Vedder : Cornell later said of Vedder that "he sang half of that song not even knowing that I'd wanted the part to be there and he sang it exactly the way I was thinking about doing it, just instinctively."
Eddie Vedder : Vedder wrote "Man of the Hour" that Pearl Jam recorded for Tim Burton's Big Fish Soundtrack (2003).
Eddie Vedder : In 2011, McCormick appeared on the music video for Vedder's solo single, "Longing to Belong".
Eddie Vedder : After the divorce, Vedder learned the truth about his parentage: Mueller was really his stepfather.
Eddie Vedder : His mother and Mueller divorced when Vedder was in his late teens.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder wrote lyrics for three of the songs in what he later described as a "mini-opera" entitled "Momma-Son".
Eddie Vedder : In the early 1980s, while working as a waiter, Eddie earned his high school GED, and briefly attended a community college near Chicago.
Eddie Vedder : His mother and brothers moved back to the Chicago area, but Vedder remained with his stepfather in California so he would not have to change schools.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder was raised believing that Mueller was his biological father, and he went by the name Edward Mueller for a time.
Eddie Vedder : A live DVD titled "Water on the Road", featuring live performances from two shows in Washington, D.C. during Vedder's 2008 solo tour, was released the same day as "Ukulele Songs".
Eddie Vedder : During his senior year at San Dieguito High School, Vedder moved out to live on his own in an apartment, supporting himself with a nightly job at a drug store in Encinitas.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder wrote two songs for the 2007 feature documentary, "Body of War", produced by Ellen Spiro and Phil Donahue: "No More" (a song referring to the Iraq War) and "Long Nights".
Eddie Vedder : He covered the Beatles' "You've Got to Hide Your Love Away" for the "I Am Sam" soundtrack.
Eddie Vedder : Thom Jurek of AllMusic called the soundtrack a "collection of folksy, rootsy tunes where rock & roll makes fleeting appearances."
Eddie Vedder : Vedder performed the songs "Break on Through (To the Other Side)", "Light My Fire" and "Roadhouse Blues" with the remaining members of the Doors at the 1993 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony.
Eddie Vedder : He appears in the 2007 Tom Petty documentary, "Runnin' Down a Dream", the 2008 political documentary, "Slacker Uprising", and the 2009 Howard Zinn documentary, "The People Speak", based upon "A People's History of the United States".
Eddie Vedder : Vedder had a brief acting cameo in the 1992 movie, "Singles", along with Jeff Ament and Stone Gossard of Pearl Jam.
Eddie Vedder : After hearing Vedder's tape, former Mother Love Bone members Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament invited Vedder to come to Seattle to audition for their new band.
Eddie Vedder : The April leg of the tour, dubbed the "April Fools Tour", began in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at The Centre on April 2, 2008 and was composed of ten dates focusing on the West Coast of the United States.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder continued the tour with a second leg in August 2008 composed of fourteen dates focusing on the East Coast and Canada.
Eddie Vedder : Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron and newcomer Mike McCready were also a part of the project.
Eddie Vedder : In 2010, Vedder recorded a new song, "Better Days", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2010 film "Eat Pray Love".
Eddie Vedder : The music of the original incarnation of the band was influenced by Duran Duran; however, after Vedder joined Bad Radio, the band moved on to a more alternative rock sound influenced by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Eddie Vedder : In the months of June and July 2006, Vedder made live performances jamming with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, singing on many tracks, including lead vocals on "The Waiting" and backing vocals on "American Girl".
Eddie Vedder : Eddie Jerome Vedder (born Edward Louis Severson III; December 23, 1964) is an American musician, multi-instrumentalist and singer-songwriter best known as the lead vocalist, one of three guitarists, and the lyricist of the American rock band Pearl Jam.
Eddie Vedder : He was featured in the 2008 Greg Kohs documentary, "Song Sung Blue", performing with Lightning and Thunder.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder collaborated with Pakistani musician Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan for his contributions to the "Dead Man Walking" soundtrack.
Eddie Vedder : Pearl Jam received four awards at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards for its music video for "Jeremy", including Video of the Year and Best Group Video.
Eddie Vedder : At the time, Gossard and Ament were working on the Temple of the Dog project founded by Soundgarden's Chris Cornell as a musical tribute to Mother Love Bone's frontman Andrew Wood, who died of a heroin overdose at age 24.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder and the supergroup the Million Dollar Bashers, which includes members from Sonic Youth, Wilco, and Bob Dylan's band, covered Dylan's "All Along the Watchtower" for the biopic film, "I'm Not There" (2007).
Eddie Vedder : Vedder was born Edward Louis Severson III in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, on December 23, 1964, to Karen Lee Vedder and Edward Louis Severson, Jr. His parents divorced in 1965, when Vedder was an infant.
Eddie Vedder : In June 2009, Vedder followed his 2008 solo tour with another solo tour composed of fourteen dates focusing on the Eastern United States and Hawaii, which began in Albany, New York at the Palace Theatre and continued through to Honolulu at the Hawaii Theatre.
Eddie Vedder : "Guaranteed" was also nominated a 2008 World Soundtrack Award in the category of Best Original Song Written Directly for a Film.
Eddie Vedder : At the 2009 Grammy Awards, "Rise" received a nomination for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder promoted the "Into the Wild" soundtrack with his first solo tour, which began in April 2008.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder has contributed solo material to several soundtracks and compilations, including the soundtracks for the films "Dead Man Walking" (1995), "I Am Sam" (2001), "A Brokedown Melody" (2004), "Body of War" (2007), and "Reign Over Me" (2007).
Eddie Vedder : Vedder released his second solo album titled "Ukulele Songs", a collection of original songs and covers performed on the ukulele, on May 31, 2011.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder won a 2008 Golden Globe Award for the song "Guaranteed" from "Into the Wild".
Eddie Vedder : Through the Southern California music scene, Vedder met former Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Jack Irons, who became a friend of Vedder and would play basketball with him.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder contributed an album's worth of songs to the soundtrack for the 2007 film, "Into the Wild".
Eddie Vedder : He has appeared on albums by the Who, Ramones, Neil Young, R.E.M., Neil Finn, Bad Religion, Mark Seymour, Cat Power, Mike Watt, Fastbacks, Wellwater Conspiracy, Jack Irons, and John Doe, and has also recorded with the Strokes, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Supersuckers, Susan Sarandon, and Zeke.
Eddie Vedder : Vedder has also performed live on stage with some of the biggest names in music and film including Pete Townshend, Paul McCartney, Rolling Stones, U2, Bruce Springsteen, Robert Plant, Roger Waters, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, the Ramones, Sting, Peter Gabriel, Cat Stevens, Chris Martin, Flea, Beyoncé, Bryan Adams, Ben Harper, Jack Johnson, Roger Daltrey, Jay-Z, Kings of Leon, Dave Grohl, Chad Smith, Perry Farrell, Cheap Trick, the Strokes, My Morning Jacket, Beck, Sheryl Crow, Jerry Cantrell, Andrew Stockdale, Josh Homme, Mike Ness, Neil Young, Guided By Voices, Ace Frehley, Dave Matthews, Elvis Costello, X, Natalie Maines, Tim Robbins, Johnny Depp, Adam Sandler, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Glen Hansard, Simon Townshend and Joe Elliott
Eddie Vedder : The lead single "Spin the Black Circle" won a Grammy Award in 1996 for Best Hard Rock Performance.
Eddie Vedder : "Vitalogy" was ranked number 492 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
Eddie Vedder : At the 2008 Grammy Awards, "Guaranteed" received a nomination for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media.
Eddie Vedder : "Vs." was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Album in 1995.
Eddie Vedder : The album received Grammy nominations for Album of the Year and Best Rock Album in 1996.
Rick Snyder : He was also first chair of the Michigan Economic Development Corporation in 1999 under Republican Governor John Engler and was also the chair of Ann Arbor SPARK.
Peter Rono : Rono never won a major race again.
Peter Rono : Peter Rono currently lives in New Jersey, USA where he is employed by the sales and marketing department of the shoe manufacturer New Balance.
Peter Rono : He earned his bachelor's degree and master's degree from Mount Saint Mary's University in Maryland, while competing, and later coaching, for the institution.
Peter Rono : At the 1988 Olympic Games, Rono managed to closely defeat the main favourites, Peter Elliott and Steve Cram of Great Britain, thus becoming the youngest Olympic Champion at 1500 m (21 years and 62 days).
Peter Rono : Peter Kipchumba Rono (born 31 July 1967) is a former Kenyan athlete, who won the 1,500 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Antawn Jamison : During the 2007–08 season, Jamison was named to his second NBA Eastern All-Star team.
Antawn Jamison : Jamison was selected with the fourth pick of the 1998 NBA draft by the Toronto Raptors, who then dealt his rights to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for former North Carolina teammate and best friend Vince Carter.
Antawn Jamison : On June 30, 2008, Jamison signed a four-year, $50 million contract with the Wizards.
Antawn Jamison : In his junior year, he was awarded both the Naismith and Wooden Awards as the most outstanding men's college basketball player for the 1997–98 season.
Antawn Jamison : Antawn Cortez Jamison (; born June 12, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player who played 16 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Antawn Jamison : The Mavericks suffered a setback in the first round, falling in five games to the Sacramento Kings.
Antawn Jamison : Jamison played three seasons of college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, averaging 19.0 points and 9.9 rebounds per game.
Antawn Jamison : On August 28, 2013, Jamison signed with the Los Angeles Clippers.
Antawn Jamison : Weeks after the series, Jamison's teammate LeBron James left the Cavaliers, to join the Miami Heat alongside Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh.
Antawn Jamison : On February 17, 2010, Jamison was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers as part of a three-team, six-player trade that sent Al Thornton from the Los Angeles Clippers to the Washington Wizards, Žydrūnas Ilgauskas, a 2010 first-round pick and the rights to Emir Preldžič from Cleveland to Washington, Drew Gooden from Washington to Los Angeles and Sebastian Telfair from Los Angeles to Cleveland.
Antawn Jamison : At season's end Jamison was traded again, this time to the Wizards, in exchange for former Tar Heel Jerry Stackhouse, Christian Laettner, and a first-round draft pick (which turned out to be University of Wisconsin–Madison point guard, Devin Harris).
Patrik Andersson : Patrik "Bjärred" Jonas Andersson (; born 18 August 1971) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.
Patrik Andersson : Andersson earned a total of 96 caps for the Swedish national team, scoring three goals.
Patrik Andersson : He was also part of the Swedish national squad that took part in the Euro 2000, 2002 FIFA World Cup and was a member of the Swedish squad that competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Patrik Andersson : He has twice been awarded Guldbollen as the Swedish footballer of the year, in 1995 and 2001.
Rob Riggle : He has also co-starred in the Adult Swim comedy-action series "".
Rob Riggle : He is perhaps best known for his work as a correspondent on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" from 2006 to 2008, as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 2004 to 2005, and for his comedic roles in films such as "The Hangover", "The Other Guys", "Let's Be Cops", "Dumb & Dumber To", "21 Jump Street", "22 Jump Street", "", and "Step Brothers".
Juan Pablo Fusi : His essay "La Patria lejana: el nacionalismo en el siglo XX" (2003), deals with the evolution and diversity of contemporary nationalist movements.
Juan Pablo Fusi : He specialises in contemporary history, the Basque Country and nationalisms.
Juan Pablo Fusi : He received the Premio Espejo de España award in 1976 for "Spain: Dictatorship to Democracy", 1979, written in collaboration with Raymond Carr, and in 2001 he received the Montaigne Prize.
Juan Pablo Fusi : Fusi was elected to "medalla nº 15" of the Real Academia de la Historia on 21 November 2014.
Juan Pablo Fusi : Likewise, he has a Ph.D from University of Oxford and is a Doctor "Honoris Causa" in Humanities from New York University.
Juan Pablo Fusi : He has been the Academic Director at the Instituto Universitario de Investigación Ortega y Gasset and at the Fundación José Ortega y Gasset (2001–2006), where he is still a trustee and Emeritus Fellow.
Juan Pablo Fusi : As well as having taught at the universities of California, Wisconsin and Oxford, his main activity after studying under Raymond Carr was as Director of the Centre for Iberian Studies at St Antony's College (1976–1980).
Juan Pablo Fusi : Fusi has a degree in History from Universidad Complutense de Madrid and has a Ph.D (History) from the same university.
Juan Pablo Fusi : Juan Pablo Fusi Aizpurúa (San Sebastián, 1945) is a Spanish historian.
Juan Pablo Fusi : He has been a lecturer at Colegio Universitario San Pablo-CEU and professor at universities in Murcia, Cantabria and the Basque Country.
Simone Zaza : He made his Serie A debut on 1 March 2009 in a 0–2 home defeat to Chievo Verona as an 86th-minute substitute for Ferreira Pinto.
Simone Zaza : In 2010, he moved to Sampdoria, where he was sent on loan spells to Juve Stabia, Viareggio and Ascoli.
Simone Zaza : On 17 August 2018, he was loaned to Torino for €2 million, with a €12 million obligation to buy at the end of the season.
Simone Zaza : He remained within the club's youth team for four years and even began to earn senior call-ups towards the end of the 2008–09 Serie A campaign.
Simone Zaza : Simone Zaza (; born 25 June 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Torino and the Italian national team.
Carlos Berlocq : Carlos Alberto Berlocq (; born February 3, 1983) is an Argentine retired professional male tennis player nicknamed "Charly", "Panther" and "Warlocq".
José Kelvin de la Nieve : He qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics, but again lost in the first round, this time to Carlos Quipo of Ecuador.
José Kelvin de la Nieve : José Kelvin de la Nieve Linares (born August 28, 1986 in Los Alcarrizos, Dominican Republic) is a boxer who competed in the light flyweight weight class at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics for Spain.
José Kelvin de la Nieve : De la Nieve won silver at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England after he lost to Hovhannes Danielyan in the final.
Agne Simonsson : He played for the Sweden national football team, earning 51 caps and scoring 27 goals.
Agne Simonsson : Tore Klas Agne Simonsson (born 19 October 1935) is a former Swedish footballer.
Agne Simonsson : On the club level, he played for Örgryte IS, Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
Agne Simonsson : He was a participant in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, scoring 4 goals, when Sweden reached the final on home soil, losing the game 5-2 to Brazil (one of his goals came in the final itself).
Robert Redford : In July 2009, Redford married his longtime partner, Sibylle Szaggars, at the Louis C. Jacob Hotel in Hamburg, Germany.
Robert Redford : In 1976 he co-starred with Dustin Hoffman in the No.
Robert Redford : In August 2018, Redford announced his retirement from acting after completion of the film.
Robert Redford : In 2013, he starred in "All Is Lost", directed by J.C. Chandor, about a man lost at sea.
Robert Redford : Redford was credited with obtaining a powerful dramatic performance from Mary Tyler Moore, as well as superb work from Donald Sutherland and Timothy Hutton, who also won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
Bernard Barsi : Barsi was born on 4 August 1942 in Nice, France.
Bernard Barsi : He was ordained a priest on 28 June 1969.
Bernard Barsi : He officiated at the funeral of Prince Rainier III in April 2005, and on 2 July 2011, he presided over the wedding of Prince Albert II and Charlene Wittstock.
Bernard Barsi : His principal consecrator was Jean Bonfils, S.M.A., Bishop of Nice, who was assisted by François Saint-Macary, the Archbishop of Rennes, and Joseph-Marie Sardou, S.C.J., then the Archbishop Emeritus of Monaco.
Bernard Barsi : Bernard César Augustin Barsi (born 4 August 1942) is a French prelate of the Catholic Church who was Archbishop of Monaco from 2000 to 2020.
Bernard Barsi : Barsi was appointed the Archbishop of Monaco on 16 May 2000.
Pablo Lastras : After 18 years as a professional, in October 2015 Lastras announced that he had retired from racing after struggling to recover from pelvic injuries he had sustained in a crash at the Volta a Catalunya in March of that year.
Pablo Lastras : His idols are Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain.
Pablo Lastras : Pablo Lastras García (born 20 January 1976 in Madrid) is a Spanish former racing cyclist who rode for Spanish UCI ProTour team .
Mwai Kibaki : The 2005 Kenyan constitutional referendum was held on 21 November 2005.
Mwai Kibaki : Kibaki was born in 1931 in Thunguri village, Othaya division of Kenya's then Nyeri District, now Nyeri County.
Mwai Kibaki : He also held cabinet ministerial positions in the Kenyatta and Moi governments, including time as minister for Finance (1969–1981) under Kenyatta, and Minister for Home Affairs (1982–1988) and Minister for Health (1988–1991) under Moi.
Mwai Kibaki : (born 15 November 1931) is a Kenyan politician who was the third President of Kenya, serving from December 2002 until April 2013.
Rafael Casero : Rafael Casero Moreno (born October 9, 1976 in Valencia) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI ProTeam Saunier Duval-Prodir in 2004 and 2005.
Vladimir Miholjević : Vladimir Miholjević (born 18 January 1974 in Zagreb) is a Croatian former professional road bicycle racer.
Jermaine O'Neal : On July 23, 2013, O'Neal signed with the Golden State Warriors.
Jermaine O'Neal : On February 13, 2009, O'Neal and Jamario Moon were traded to Miami for Shawn Marion and Marcus Banks.
Jermaine O'Neal : In the 2009–10 season, O'Neal started in all 70 games he played in and produced numbers identical to his career averages.
Jermaine O'Neal : Jermaine Gregory O'Neal (born October 13, 1978) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Jermaine O'Neal : In his 41 games as a Raptor, O'Neal averaged 13.5 points, 7 rebounds and 2 blocks per game.
Jermaine O'Neal : At 18 years, one month and 22 days, he became the youngest player to play in an NBA game (a mark that was later eclipsed by Andrew Bynum).
Jermaine O'Neal : The Pacers looked to build on their previous campaign in the 2004–05 season, but all their plans came apart in November.
Jermaine O'Neal : On June 25, 2008, it was reported that O'Neal and the 41st pick in the 2008 NBA draft, Nathan Jawai would be sent to Toronto for T. J. Ford, Rasho Nesterovič, Maceo Baston and the 17th pick in the 2008 NBA Draft, Roy Hibbert.
Jermaine O'Neal : On July 14, 2010, O'Neal signed a two-year deal with the Boston Celtics.
Jermaine O'Neal : O'Neal was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers as the 17th pick in the 1996 NBA draft.
Jermaine O'Neal : On August 15, 2012, O'Neal signed a one-year contract with the Phoenix Suns.
Jermaine O'Neal : O'Neal was one of the Pacers who fought with some of the fans and was suspended for 25 games by NBA Commissioner David Stern; teammates Artest and Stephen Jackson were suspended for the rest of the season and 30 games respectively.
Jermaine O'Neal : Portland acquired Detlef Schrempf, Scottie Pippen, and Steve Smith during the 1999 offseason, which meant that O'Neal was once again consigned to the bench.
Jermaine O'Neal : While fans at the Rose Garden harbored thoughts of an upset against the Los Angeles Lakers in the first round of the playoffs, the Trail Blazers succumbed in four games.
Jermaine O'Neal : The 2001–02 season proved to be the breakthrough season for O'Neal as he earned a trio of honors: winning the NBA Most Improved Player Award, being named an NBA All-Star, and making the All-NBA Third Team (becoming the second Pacer in history to do so after Reggie Miller).
Jermaine O'Neal : At the same time, the Pacers seemed to have found players in Brad Miller, Ron Artest, Al Harrington and Jamaal Tinsley who complemented O'Neal.
Filip Polášek : 555 in singles in November 2007.
Filip Polášek : Filip Polášek (; born 21 July 1985) is a professional tennis player from Slovakia.
Jean Beausejour : He left Wigan Athletic in June 2014 when his contract expired.
Jean Beausejour : Beausejour has played for Chile at under-23 and senior levels.
Jean Beausejour : Again he played the full 120 minutes of the final against Argentina, which again finished goalless after extra time.
Jean Beausejour : Along with seven of his teammates, Beausejour was included in the Tournament Best XI.
Jean Beausejour : He scored the only goal of their first group match against Honduras on 16 June, which was the first match that Chile had won at a World Cup since 1962.
Jean Beausejour : For the 2015–16 season under new coach José Luis Sierra, Beausejour returned to his original position of left winger.
Jean Beausejour : On 25 January 2012, Beausejour joined Premier League club Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee, signing a two-and-a-half-year contract.
Jean Beausejour : As a 10-year-old, Beausejour attended a public trial with the local senior club, Universidad de Chile, and was one of four boys chosen to go through further selection procedures to join the club's youth system.
Jean Beausejour : He was capped for Chile at the 2004 South American Pre-Olympic Tournament alongside players such as Jorge Valdivia, Mark González, Claudio Bravo and Rodrigo Millar.
Jean Beausejour : After 18 months with the Mexico City-based club followed by a "tremendous" World Cup, Beausejour signed a three-year contract with Premier League club Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee in August 2010.
Jean Beausejour : His first league goal of the season came against Burnley in November, again from a rebound, in the second minute of a match that Birmingham won 2–1 in stoppage time.
Jean Beausejour : On 31 August, Beausejour scored his first competitive goal in a 4–0 home win over Deportes Antofagasta.
Jean Beausejour : Beausejour's second consecutive Premier League relegation was confirmed just days later after a 4–1 defeat at the hands of Arsenal.
Jean Beausejour : Just days after manager Chris Hughton suggested he wanted more from Beausejour in an attacking role, the player had an eventful man-of-the-match performance as Birmingham beat Leicester City 2–0.
Jean Beausejour : His first match back after the ban was the "superclásico" against Universidad de Chile on 19 October, in which he scored his side's second goal in a 2–0 victory at the Estadio Monumental.
Jean Beausejour : Colo-Colo won 2–0, both goals scored by Esteban Paredes.
Jean Beausejour : After Borghi was replaced by Jorge Sampaoli, Beausejour's former coach at O'Higgins, he played most of the remaining World Cup qualification process, alongside Valdivia, who was recalled to the squad in March 2013.
Jean Beausejour : He made his debut in the 3–1 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on 31 January.
Jean Beausejour : Jean André Emanuel Beausejour Coliqueo (; born 1 June 1984) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays as a left-sided wing-back for Primera División club Universidad de Chile.
Jean Beausejour : Beausejour started the first two group matches and was unused in the third.
Jean Beausejour : Beausejour started the first two group matches and was unused in the third.
Jean Beausejour : On 15 September, he scored his fifth competitive goal for the club, his first of the 2015 Apertura, in a 3–1 home win over Unión La Calera that extended the team's perfect start to six league matches.
Jean Beausejour : After scoring his second goal, on 14 September against Palestino in a 3–1 away win, he was sent off for striking Leonardo Valencia and received a two-match suspension.
Jean Beausejour : On 5 March 2011, Beausejour scored his first Premier League goal in a 3–1 defeat at home to West Bromwich Albion, and his second came four days later in a 1–1 draw at Everton.
Jean Beausejour : Beausejour produced his second consecutive goal in Chilean derbies when he opened the scoring with a header in Colo-Colo's 2–0 victory over Universidad de Chile on 31 October.
Jean Beausejour : On 6 December, he finally won a domestic league title as Colo-Colo clinched their 31st in embarrassing circumstances: rivals Universidad Católica lost to Audax Italiano, while Colo-Colo's match, away to Santiago Wanderers, was abandoned before it started because of violent incidents by their own supporters.
Jean Beausejour : In a friendly against Denmark on 27 March 2018, Beausejour and Arturo Vidal became the sixth and seventh players to make their 100th appearances for Chile.
Jean Beausejour : In the Europa League group stage, an error by Beausejour led to Club Brugge's second goal, but he scored from the rebound after Žigić's shot was blocked and was fouled for the penalty from which King equalised.
Jean Beausejour : His debut was delayed while he awaited a working visa, but he made his first appearance on 18 September as a late substitute, replacing Alexander Hleb in the 83rd minute as Birmingham lost 3–1 at West Bromwich Albion.
Jean Beausejour : They made a poor start to the Clausura with a 1–0 defeat at home to San Marcos de Arica on 4 January 2015, but ended a four-match winless streak with a 2–0 win away to O'Higgins in which Beausejour scored his first goal of the season.
Dominic Inglot : He learned to play tennis at St. Benedict's School and at the University of Virginia.
Dominic Inglot : Dominic Inglot ( ; born 6 March 1986) is a British professional tennis player and a Davis Cup champion.
Dominic Inglot : For the 2004 film "Wimbledon", he was selected as the tennis double for the actor Paul Bettany, whose character was a British tennis player who won Wimbledon with a wild-card entry.
Dominic Inglot : In school, he also played volleyball - captaining the London Volleyball team - and still gained academic honours in the year 2001–02.
Alasdair MacIntyre : He has been married three times.
Alasdair MacIntyre : Before its recent resurgence, virtue ethics in European/American academia had been primarily associated with pre-modern philosophers (e.g.
Alasdair MacIntyre : Since 1977 he has been married to philosopher Lynn Joy, who is also on the philosophy faculty at Notre Dame.
Alasdair MacIntyre : From 1963 to 1977 he was married to former teacher and now poet Susan Willans, with whom he had a son and daughter.
Alasdair MacIntyre : From 1953 to 1963 he was married to Ann Peri, with whom he had two daughters.
Alasdair MacIntyre : John A. O'Brien Senior Research Professor in the Department of Philosophy (emeritus since 2010) at the University of Notre Dame, Indiana, US.
Alasdair MacIntyre : Plato, Aristotle, Thomas Aquinas).
Alasdair MacIntyre : His approach seeks to demonstrate that good judgment emanates from good character.
Alasdair MacIntyre : He taught at the University of Leeds, the University of Essex and the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom, before moving to the US in around 1969.
Alasdair MacIntyre : He began his teaching career in 1951 at Manchester.
Alasdair MacIntyre : Alasdair Chalmers MacIntyre (; born 1929) is a Scottish philosopher, primarily known for his contribution to moral and political philosophy, but also known for his work in history of philosophy and theology.
Alasdair MacIntyre : He was educated at Queen Mary, University of London, and has a Master of Arts degree from the University of Manchester and from the University of Oxford.
Alasdair MacIntyre : MacIntyre has argued that Aquinas' synthesis of Augustinianism with Aristotelianism is more insightful than modern moral theories by focusing upon the telos ('end', or completion) of a social practice and of a human life, within the context of which the morality of acts may be evaluated.
Alasdair MacIntyre : MacIntyre is a key figure in the recent surge of interest in virtue ethics, which identifies the central question of morality as having to do with the habits and knowledge concerning how to live a good life.
Julio César de León : ".
Julio César de León : His last goal in the Honduran National League was playing for Olimpia on 26 May 2001 against Club Broncos of Choluteca.
Julio César de León : From there, de León moved to Reggina of Serie B in Italy.
Julio César de León : But the president of the team, Lillo Foti, justified the sale with economic reasons: "The offer was good and it was something that we could not refuse.
Julio César de León : The fans of Reggina disapproved of the sale of de León, in a time when the team really needed his talent.
Julio César de León : However, on 16 January 2007, De León was transferred by Reggina Calcio again, this time in a permanent deal to Genoa of Serie B, for €3.2 million, along with Filippo Carobbio (co-ownership), hoping that his services would help the team to regain a spot in the Serie A.
Julio César de León : Julio César de León Dailey (; born 13 September 1979) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays for Olancho F.C.
Julio César de León : Platense in 1996 against Real Maya of Tegucigalpa, scoring his first National Soccer League goal.
Julio César de León : Once he finished his one-year contract with Olimpia, he left for Uruguay where he played shortly for Deportivo Maldonado.
Michael Apple : at Teachers College, Columbia University in 1970, Apple taught in elementary and secondary schools in New Jersey, where he grew up, as well as served as the president of his teacher's union.
Michael Apple : Michael W. Apple (born August 20, 1942) is an educational theorist specialized on education and power, cultural politics, curriculum theory and research, critical teaching, and the development of democratic schools.
Michael Apple : Apple is John Bascom Professor Emeritus of Curriculum and Instruction and Educational Policy Studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Education, where he taught from 1970-2018.
Peter Straub : He briefly taught English at Milwaukee Country Day, then moved to Dublin, Ireland, in 1969 to work on a Ph.D., and to start writing professionally.
Peter Straub : In 2016, co-author Stephen King said that he and Straub have plans to write a third Talisman book in the future.
Peter Straub : His novel "Mr. X" had paid tribute to Lovecraft, as the eponymous Mr. X wrote in a similar style.
Peter Straub : in English at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1965, and an MA at Columbia University a year later.
Peter Straub : Straub also edited the Library of America volume "H. P. Lovecraft: Tales" (2005).
Peter Straub : Peter Francis Straub (; born March 2, 1943) is an American novelist and poet.
Peter Straub : His horror fiction has received numerous literary honors such as the Bram Stoker Award, World Fantasy Award, and International Horror Guild Award.
Peter Straub : The collection "Leeson Park and Belsize Square: Poems 1970 – 1975" was published by Underwood-Miller in October 1983.
Peter Straub : Several horror novels followed, with growing success, including "The Talisman" and "Black House", two fantasy-horror collaborations with Straub's long-time friend and fellow author Stephen King.
Joaquín Almunia : He was also the PSOE spokesperson from 1994 to 1997.
Joaquín Almunia : Joaquín Almunia Amann (born 17 June 1948) is a Spanish politician and formerly, prominent member of the European Commission.
Joaquín Almunia : During his tenure in the two Barroso Commissions, he was European commissioner responsible for economic and monetary affairs (2004-2009) and, subsequently, vice-president and the European Commissioner for Competition (2009-2014).
Joaquín Almunia : Unexpectedly, Borrell won the primary election, commanding 114,254 of the member's votes (54.99%), versus the 92,860 (44.67%) obtained by Almunia.
Joaquín Almunia : He was economist at the Council Bureau of the Spanish Chambers of Commerce in Brussels from 1972 to 1975.
Joaquín Almunia : He also completed a program at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University for senior managers in government in 1991.
Joaquín Almunia : He served as Minister of Employment and Social Security of the Government of Spain from 1982 to 1986 and as Minister of Public Administration from 1986 to 1991.
Joaquín Almunia : Almunia was the director of the research program on "equality and redistribution of income" at the Fundación Argentaria from 1991 to 1994.
Joaquín Almunia : He was replaced by Juan Manuel Eguiagaray in the latter post.
Joaquín Almunia : Almunia was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1979 to 2004, representing Madrid.
Joaquín Almunia : Almunia was chief economist of the Unión General de Trabajadores (UGT), a trade union linked to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), from 1976 to 1979.
Joaquín Almunia : Upon the resignation of Felipe González after being defeated in the 1996 elections, the PSOE Convention ("Congreso federal") appointed Almunia as the party leader (Secretary-General), a position he held from 1997 to 2000.
Joaquín Almunia : He was an associate lecturer on employment and social security law at the University of Alcalá de Henares from 1991 to 1994.
Sun Yang : Sun Yang (; ; born 1 December 1991) is a Chinese Olympic and world-record-holding competitive swimmer.
Rolf Gölz : Rolf Gölz (born 30 September 1962) is a retired road and track cyclist from Germany, who was a professional rider from 1985 to 1993.
Rolf Gölz : He represented West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, where he won the silver medal in the men's individual pursuit, behind America's Steve Hegg.
Paul Young : In 1996, Young was again performing solo and preparing for his next album, "Paul Young", which was released the following year on East West Records.
Paul Young : Paul Antony Young (born 17 January 1956) is an English singer, songwriter and musician.
René Adler : Nevertheless, he didn't make an appearance and continued to play for the second team.
René Adler : On 1 May 2019, he announced his retirement following the 2018–19 season.
René Adler : FSV Mainz 05.
René Adler : René Adler (born 15 January 1985) is a retired German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
René Adler : In May 2017, Adler announced that he would not extend his contract with Hamburger SV and leave the club after five years.
René Adler : Despite having been confirmed as Germany's main team goalkeeper for the World Cup, a serious rib injury prevented him from travelling to South Africa.
René Adler : On 8 March 2008 Adler made his first international appearance, losing the UEFA Cup round of last 16 first leg against RC Lens.
René Adler : He made his Bundesliga debut in dramatic fashion on 25 February 2007 against league leaders Schalke 04.
René Adler : After nine years for Leipzig, Adler joined the youth system of Bayer 04 Leverkusen in 2000.
Rolando Zárate : Rolando David Zárate Riga (born 6 August 1978) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a centre forward, and is a sports agent.
Rolando Zárate : Zárate made his debut for Argentina on 9 March 2005, a friendly match with Mexico in which the former only fielded players from the domestic league.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : He provided an example:
Francesco Coccopalmerio : He can hold these memberships until his 80th birthday.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : He was consecrated bishop on 22 May of that year.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : Within the Italian Episcopal Conference, he is one of the leading voices on legal issues and ecumenical and inter-religious dialogue.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : He was appointed a five-year renewable term as a member of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith on 23 December 2010.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : In January 2015, Pope Francis named Coccopalmerio to a new board of review within the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith that reviews appeals from clergy found guilty of sexual abuse of minors.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : Since 2000, Coccopalmerio has been a member of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : He spent his early years in the Archdiocese of Milan and became an auxiliary bishop in 1993.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : On 15 February 2007, he was given the personal title of archbishop and appointed president of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : In 1976 he obtained a doctorate in law at the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore in Milan.
Francesco Coccopalmerio : On 18 February 2012, Pope Benedict XVI created him cardinal-deacon of San Giuseppe dei Falegnami.
Christophe Rinero : Christophe Rinero (born 29 December 1973 in Moissac) is a former French professional road racing cyclist.
Pablo Piatti : Pablo Daniel Piatti (born 31 March 1989) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Espanyol.
Pablo Piatti : On 16 July 2016, Piatti was loaned to RCD Espanyol for one year, with a buyout clause.
Hubert Fournier : Hubert Fournier (born 3 September 1967) is a French football manager, former player and was most recently the manager of Lyon.
Hubert Fournier : In the following season (2011–12) Reims finished the Ligue 2 as runner-up and returned to Ligue 1 after 33 years.
Hubert Fournier : Under his first season (2010–11), Reims finished Ligue 2 as 10th and reached the quarter-final of the Coupe de France.
Oriol Romeu : On 4 August, however, he was loaned to VfB Stuttgart from Germany.
Oriol Romeu : He also played for the country at the 2012 Olympics.
Oriol Romeu : Oriol Romeu Vidal (; born 24 September 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for English club Southampton.
Oriol Romeu : Romeu made his first La Liga appearance on 15 May 2011, playing the last ten minutes of a 0–0 home draw against Deportivo de La Coruña in the place of another club youth graduate, Jonathan dos Santos.
Oriol Romeu : Romeu represented Spain up to under-21 level, and was part of their under-17 team which won the 2008 European Championship.
Neal Schon : In 1973, he and Gregg Rolie co-founded Journey.
Neal Schon : Schon has said he was asked by Eric Clapton to join Derek and the Dominos, but that he joined Santana instead, performing on the albums "Santana III" and "Caravanserai".
Neal Schon : Neal Joseph Schon (born February 27, 1954) is an American rock guitarist, songwriter, and vocalist, best known for his work with the bands Journey (in which he is the sole constant original member) and Bad English.
Neal Schon : He was influenced by guitarists such as Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, Carlos Santana and Wes Montgomery.
Jack Lucien : The only single was "Rasputin" which was released as a free download before the album's release.
Jack Lucien : He is a friend of Spanish singer Soraya Arnelas and recorded a song named "Anaesthetic" together in 2008.
Jack Lucien : Lucien was born in Kettering, Northamptonshire, United Kingdom.
Jack Lucien : In October 2008, the singer stated that he was in talks to represent Andorra in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.
Jack Lucien : In 2006, he returned with the name Lucien and released an EP "What You Said To Me...".
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : He moved to the Netherlands to live with his wife, who is Dutch, but he retains his United States citizenship.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : He received his bachelor of Science degree in Physics from MIT in 1965 and his Ph.D. degree in astrophysics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1971.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : Mentioning that he supported the Democrats, he revealed his identity on November 1, 2004, the day before the election, and also stating his reasons and qualifications for running the website.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : Since 2004 he has operated Electoral-vote.com, a website dedicated to analysis of polling data in federal elections in the United States.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : Tanenbaum was born in New York City and grew up in suburban White Plains, New York.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : Through most of the campaign period Tanenbaum kept his identity secret, referring to himself as "the Votemaster" and acknowledging only that he personally preferred John Kerry.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : In 2004, Tanenbaum created Electoral-vote.com, a web site analyzing opinion polls for the 2004 U.S. Presidential Election, using them to project the outcome in the Electoral College.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : Andrew Stuart Tanenbaum (born March 16, 1944), sometimes referred to by the handle ast, is a Dutch / American computer scientist and professor emeritus of computer science at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Andrew S. Tanenbaum : He is best known as the author of MINIX, a free Unix-like operating system for teaching purposes, and for his computer science textbooks, regarded as standard texts in the field.
Vincenzo Maenza : Vincenzo Maenza (born 2 May 1962) was an Italian Greco-Roman wrestler.
Vincenzo Maenza : He won two gold medals and a silver medal at the 1984, 1988, and 1992 Olympic Games.
Onur Kıvrak : Onur made his debut in the 2–0 friendly victory over Northern Ireland on 26 May 2010, having worked his way through the youth teams at U-16, U-17, U-18, U-19, and U-21 level.
Onur Kıvrak : Onur Recep Kıvrak (born 1 January 1988) is a Turkish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Onur Kıvrak : He was linked with local Izmir clubs Altay S.K.
Onur Kıvrak : He is part of the Turkish national team for Euro 2016.
Onur Kıvrak : On 6 December 2013, Kıvrak renewed his contract keeping him at the club until 2018.
Håkan Mild : He then assumed the position of director of sports in the club.
Håkan Mild : Stig Håkan Mild (born 14 June 1971) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
James L. Brooks : ...
James L. Brooks : In 1969, he created for ABC the series "Room 222", which lasted until 1974.
James L. Brooks : He moved to Los Angeles in 1965 to work on David L. Wolper's documentaries.
James L. Brooks : Brooks mentored Cameron Crowe and was the executive producer of Crowe's directorial debut "Say Anything..." (1989) and produced his later film "Jerry Maguire" (1996).
Alexandre do Nascimento : He was appointed the thirty-fourth Archbishop of Luanda on 16 February 1986 and resigned this post on 23 January 2001.
Alexandre do Nascimento : Archbishop do Nascimento was kidnapped by guerrillas during a pastoral visit on 15 October 1982; he was later freed on 16 November of that same year after Pope John Paul II made an appeal for his release.
Alexandre do Nascimento : On 10 August 1975, Nascimento was appointed the fourth bishop of Malanje by Pope Paul VI.
Alexandre do Nascimento : He preached the Lenten spiritual exercises for the Pope and members of the Roman Curia in 1984.
Alexandre do Nascimento : Alexandre do Nascimento (born 1 March 1925) is an Angolan Cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Alexandre do Nascimento : John Paul II created him Cardinal-Priest of S. Marco in Agro Laurentino in the consistory of 2 February 1983.
Alexandre do Nascimento : Born in Malanje, do Nascimento studied at the seminaries in Banglas, Malanje, and Luanda before traveling to Rome in 1948 to study at the Pontifical Gregorian University, from where he obtained his baccalaureate in philosophy and his licentiate in theology.
Timothy Laurence : He became Head of Profession for the British Government's Property Asset Management community in July 2009.
Timothy Laurence : Other activities include tennis, golf, sailing, field sports and battlefield tours.
Timothy Laurence : The community includes practitioners in construction procurement, estates & property management and facilities/contracts management.
Timothy Laurence : He retired from the Navy in August 2010 and now pursues a portfolio of mainly non-executive and charitable interests, with a particular emphasis on property and regeneration.
Timothy Laurence : Laurence was Equerry to the Queen from 1986 to 1989.
Timothy Laurence : The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) has made Laurence an Honorary Member in recognition of this very significant span of asset management responsibility.
Timothy Laurence : On 16 May 1994, he was appointed the first Military Assistant to the Secretary of State for Defence, Malcolm Rifkind, to provide military advice in his private office.
Timothy Laurence : From January 1999, he was Hudson Visiting Fellow at St Antony's College, Oxford, where he wrote a paper on the relationship between humanitarian assistance and peacekeeping.
Timothy Laurence : Timothy has an older brother Jonathan Dobree Laurence (c. May 1952).
Timothy Laurence : Laurence met Princess Anne when he served as an Equerry to Queen Elizabeth II in 1986, at a time when it was widely rumoured that her first marriage to Captain Mark Phillips was breaking down.
Timothy Laurence : He received no peerage on marriage, but was made a personal aide-de-camp to the Queen in 2008 and invested in June 2011 as a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order.
Timothy Laurence : He was promoted to lieutenant 10 months early, on 1 March 1977.
Timothy Laurence : He took command of the patrol boat HMS "Cygnet" off Northern Ireland in 1982, as part of the patrols for IRA gun-runners.
Timothy Laurence : He was promoted to commander on 31 December 1988.
Timothy Laurence : Until October 1996 the ship was deployed to the South Atlantic, on Falkland Islands patrol.
Timothy Laurence : Between 1992 and 1994, Laurence served on the naval staff in the Ministry of Defence, London.
Timothy Laurence : He was then posted to the Joint Services Command and Staff College as a Commodore, as Assistant Commandant (Navy), effective 15 June 1999.
Timothy Laurence : On 30 April 2007, he was promoted to vice admiral, and appointed Chief Executive of Defence Estates (since renamed Defence Infrastructure Organisation, as of 2008).
Timothy Laurence : He was on the Board of the project management company Capita Symonds until 2014 and is non-executive Chairman of the property developers Dorchester Regeneration.
Timothy Laurence : He is a Trustee of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and Chairman of its Operations Committee, and is a Trustee of the HMS Victory Preservation Company.
Timothy Laurence : Laurence was promoted to Rear Admiral to date 5 July 2004, and appointed Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff with responsibility for Resources and Plans, July 2004.
Timothy Laurence : Princess Anne kept her country estate, Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire, after her divorce from Mark Phillips.
Timothy Laurence : In July 1997, he returned to the Ministry of Defence, first on the Naval Staff and then from June 1998, on promotion to commodore, as a member of the Implementation Team for the 1998 Strategic Defence Review.
Timothy Laurence : From 2001 to the spring of 2004, he was back at the Ministry of Defence, as Director of Navy Resources and Programmes.
Timothy Laurence : He was promoted to midshipman on 1 January 1973, and acting sub-lieutenant on 1 January 1975.
Timothy Laurence : In October 1989, he was posted to the new frigate , and took over as Commanding Officer on 30 January 1990, at the early age 34.
Timothy Laurence : In 1978, he was attached to the training establishment and in the next year served on the minesweeper HMS "Pollington".
Timothy Laurence : Laurence and Princess Anne were married on 12 December 1992 in a Church of Scotland ceremony at Crathie Parish Church, Ballater, near Balmoral (the Church of Scotland permits second marriages for divorced people).
Timothy Laurence : In May 1996, the ship returned from the Adriatic, where HMS "Cumberland" served in the NATO-led IFOR Task Force.
Timothy Laurence : Laurence then served briefly as the second Navigating Officer of the Royal Yacht HMY "Britannia", and from 1980 to 1982 he was Navigating Officer of the destroyer .
Timothy Laurence : Laurence was educated at The New Beacon Preparatory School and then at Sevenoaks School, Kent, and University College, University of Durham, on a Naval Scholarship, where he received a Bachelor of Science upper 2nd class honours degree in geography.
Timothy Laurence : He attended the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) Tactics Course (RANTACCS) at HMAS Watson, Sydney in March 1986 during which he was notified of his first staff appointment commencing April 1986 as Equerry to the Queen.
Timothy Laurence : Upon leaving Durham he completed his initial training at the Britannia Royal Naval College Dartmouth, and was posted to , a Plymouth-based frigate.
Timothy Laurence : On 27 August 1996, Laurence was appointed Commanding Officer of the frigate as well as Captain of the 6th Frigate Squadron.
Timothy Laurence : Vice Admiral Sir Timothy James Hamilton Laurence, (born 1 March 1955) is a retired Royal Navy officer and the second husband of Princess Anne, the only daughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip.
Timothy Laurence : Timothy James Hamilton Laurence was born in Camberwell, South London, the son of Commander Guy Stewart Laurence, RN (also salesman for a marine engine manufacturer) and Barbara Alison Laurence (née Symons, d. 2 July 2019).
Timothy Laurence : Laurence was promoted to captain on 30 June 1995, and until 1996 commanded the frigate .
Nicolas Douchez : In July 2018, Douchez signed for Red Star F.C., newly promoted to Ligue 2.
Boris Cyrulnik : Both of his parents were arrested and murdered during World War II.
Boris Cyrulnik : His own survival motivated his career in psychiatry.
Boris Cyrulnik : He is known in France for developing and explaining to the public the concept of Psychological resilience.
Boris Cyrulnik : He avoided detention by hiding for a while in the restrooms and later being hidden from Nazi searches as a farm boy under the name "Jean Laborde" until the end of the war.
Boris Cyrulnik : Boris Cyrulnik (birth 26 July 1937 in Bordeaux) is a French doctor, ethologist, neurologist, and psychiatrist.
Boris Cyrulnik : In 1943 he was taken with adults in a Nazi-led capture in Bordeaux.
Boris Cyrulnik : He is a professor at the University of the South, Toulon-Var.
Aaron Hughes : Aaron William Hughes (born 8 November 1979) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer and current football pundit in the Indian Super League who played as a defender.
Aaron Hughes : He made his first team debut in the Camp Nou in a match between Newcastle and Barcelona on 26 November 1997, replacing Philippe Albert at half-time in a 1–0 UEFA Champions League defeat.
Aaron Hughes : On 20 May 2005, Hughes was sold to fellow Premier League side Aston Villa for a fee of £1 million, on a three-year contract.
Aaron Hughes : Hughes made his debut for Northern Ireland on 25 March 1998, against Slovakia.
Jo Planckaert : He is the son of former professional road bicycle racer Willy Planckaert, brother of famous road bicycle racers Eddy and Walter Planckaert.
Marco Terrazzino : Marco Terrazzino (born 15 April 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or striker for Dynamo Dresden, on loan from SC Freiburg.
Lawrence Foster : Lawrence Foster (born October 23, 1941, in Los Angeles, California) is an American conductor of Romanian ancestry.
Lawrence Foster : From 2002 to 2013, Foster was the Music Director of the Gulbenkian Orchestra of Lisbon, Portugal.
Lawrence Foster : Foster became the conductor of the San Francisco Ballet at the age of 18, and served as Assistant Conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic under Zubin Mehta.
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : As a musicologist and sound-art theorist, Álvarez-Fernández has lectured (and his writings have been published) in Spain, Germany, Italy, France, Denmark, Sweden, Macedonia, Serbia, Lithuania, Russia and the United States, among other countries.
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : Miguel Álvarez-Fernández (born 1979 in Madrid, Spain) is a sound artist, composer, filmmaker, theorist and curator working between Madrid and Berlin, where he has taught at the Electronic Music Studio of the Technical University of Berlin.
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : In 2015 he directed, in collaboration with Luis Deltell, the feature-length documentary "No escribiré arte con mayúscula" ("I will not write art with a capital letter"), devoted to the life and works of Spanish pioneer of conceptual art Isidoro Valcárcel Medina, premiered at the Festival Punto de Vista (Pamplona).
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : He has also composed music for different audiovisual productions, including the film "A via láctea", by Brazilian director Lina Chamie, premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007.
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : In April 2011 he curated, along with Chema de Francisco and Rubén Gutiérrez del Castillo, the "SON" Festival, which presented for the first time at the Auditorio Nacional de Música (Madrid) the newest generation of Spanish sound artists in a series of concerts, performances and sound installations.
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : Also in 2011, Miguel Álvarez-Fernández received the IV "Cura Castillejo" prize, awarded at the Nits de Deshielo i Art Festival, organized in Valencia by sound artist Llorenç Barber (the three previous recipients of the award being Francisco López, Fátima Miranda and sound installation pioneer Luis Lugán).
Miguel Álvarez-Fernández : In 2007, Álvarez-Fernández curated in Berlin "Offener Klang / Sonido Abierto" as part of the "Linux Audio Conference", with concerts and workshops at the Technical university and at the Instituto Cervantes Berlin.
Mario Mandžukić : In a post–match interview, Mandžukić rejected any speculation about him leaving the club after the fine, stating that it was his childhood dream to captain the Dinamo side and that he gives his best in any match he plays for the club.
Mario Mandžukić : On 4 June 2018, Mandžukić was named to Croatia's final 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Mario Mandžukić : He participated in four major tournaments with his national side, Euro 2012, the 2014 World Cup, Euro 2016, and the 2018 World Cup, reaching the final of the latter tournament, after which he retired from international football.
Mario Mandžukić : Upon returning to his home country, the newly independent Croatia, he spent the period between 1996 and 2003 at NK Marsonia before spending a season at the city minnows NK Željezničar.
Mario Mandžukić : On 24 July 2012, Mandžukić made his debut for Bayern in a 6–0 win against Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan, scoring the fifth goal in the friendly match in the 79th minute.
Mario Mandžukić : He finished his first season at Dinamo with 12 goals and 11 assists throughout 29 matches, but also had a poor discipline record, collecting eight yellow cards.
Mario Mandžukić : Despite Croatia's group-stage exit, he was the joint-top scorer of the tournament with three goals alongside Mario Balotelli, Fernando Torres, Cristiano Ronaldo, Alan Dzagoev, and future Bayern teammate Mario Gómez.
Mario Mandžukić : In the summer of 2007, Mandžukić was bought by the Croatian powerhouse Dinamo Zagreb for €1.3 million as a replacement for their Arsenal-bound star striker Eduardo da Silva.
Mario Mandžukić : In the 2008–09 Prva HNL, Mandžukić was the league's top goalscorer, bagging 16 goals in 28 appearances.
Mario Mandžukić : On 12 August, he scored his first goal in an official game against reigning Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund in the sixth minute, helping his team win the German DFL Supercup.
Mario Mandžukić : In 1992, he joined German club TSF Ditzingen, near Stuttgart.
Mario Mandžukić : After the 2008–09 season had finished, he was linked with German side Werder Bremen, but the €12 million offer was rejected by the Dinamo board, who were of opinion that Mandžukić's worth was at least €15 million.
Mario Mandžukić : On 17 September 2009, after Dinamo lost 2–0 at home to Anderlecht in Europa League, Mandžukić was controversially fined €100,000 after being accused of poor effort.
Bill Nye : His enthusiasm for science deepened after he took an astronomy class with Carl Sagan.
Bill Nye : Nye married musician Blair Tindall on February 3, 2006; however, he annulled the relationship seven weeks later when the marriage license was declared invalid.
Bill Nye : He also made guest appearances on the VH1 reality show "America's Most Smartest Model".
Bill Nye : Nye has residences in the Studio City neighborhood of Los Angeles, in New York City, and on Mercer Island near Seattle.
Bill Nye : Interviewed by John Rael for the Independent Investigation Group IIG, Nye said that his "concern right now ... [is] scientific illiteracy ... you [the public] don't have enough rudimentary knowledge of the universe to evaluate claims."
Bill Nye : In the fall of 2008, he appeared periodically on the daytime game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" as part of its "Ask the Expert" feature.
Bill Nye : He became the organization's second Executive Director in September 2010 when Louis Friedman stepped down.
Bill Nye : Although it focused on younger viewers, it also attracted a significant adult audience.
Bill Nye : In July 2012, Nye supported President Barack Obama's reelection bid.
Bill Nye : On February 28, 2014, Nye was a celebrity guest and interviewer at the White House Student Film Festival.
Bill Nye : He received the 2010 Humanist of the Year Award from the American Humanist Association.
Bill Nye : Known as MarsDial, in addition to tracking time, it had small colored panels to provide a basis for color calibration.
Bill Nye : In February 2014, he debated creationist Ken Ham at the Creation Museum on whether creation is a viable model of origins in today's modern, scientific era.
Bill Nye : In 2008, Nye hosted "Stuff Happens", a short-lived show on the Planet Green network.
Bill Nye : At Boeing, he invented a hydraulic resonance suppressor tube used on Boeing 747 airplanes.
Bill Nye : In September 2012, Nye claimed that creationist views threatened science education and innovation in the United States.
Bill Nye : He joined the American Optometric Association in a multimedia advertising campaign to persuade parents to provide their children with comprehensive eye examinations.
Bill Nye : From 2000 to 2002, Nye was the technical expert on "BattleBots".
Bill Nye : In October 2009, Nye recorded a short YouTube video (as himself, not his TV persona) advocating clean-energy climate-change legislation, on behalf of Al Gore's Repower America campaign.
Bill Nye : Nye is a fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, a U.S. nonprofit scientific and educational organization that promotes scientific inquiry, critical investigation, and the use of reason in examining controversial and extraordinary claims.
Bill Nye : Nye holds three United States patents, including one for ballet pointe shoes, one for an educational magnifying glass created by filling a clear plastic bag with water.
Bill Nye : In addition to the TV show, Nye published several books as The Science Guy.
Bill Nye : Nye conducted a Q&A session after the 2012 Mars Rover Landing.
Bill Nye : Nye's Science Guy character is also heard in a voice-over in the DINOSAUR attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom, and was the on-air spokesman for the Noggin television network in 1999.
Bill Nye : He spoke of his father's passion for sundials and timekeeping, his time at Cornell, his work on the sundials on the Mars rovers, and the story behind the Bill Nye Solar Noon Clock, which he then presented to the university atop Rhodes Hall.
Bill Nye : While portraying "The Science Guy", Nye wore a powder blue lab coat and a bow tie.
Bill Nye : Bill Nye's Climate Lab featured him as commander of the Clean Energy Space Station and invited visitors on an urgent mission to thwart climate change.
Bill Nye : On August 27, 2011, gave a public lecture at Cornell University that filled its 715-seat Statler Auditorium.
Bill Nye : In the early 2000s, Nye assisted in the development of a small sundial included in the Mars Exploration Rover missions.
Bill Nye : Nye subsequently sued Tindall for $57,000 in attorney's fees after she allegedly violated the protective order.
Bill Nye : Nye appeared on segments of Heidi Cullen's "The Climate Code," later renamed "Forecast Earth" on The Weather Channel, relating his personal ways of saving energy.
Bill Nye : Nye attended Lafayette Elementary School and Alice Deal Junior High before attending Sidwell Friends for high school on a scholarship, graduating in 1973.
Bill Nye : In 2007, Nye obtained a restraining order against Tindall after she broke into his house and stole several items, including his laptop computer, which she used to send defamatory emails impersonating Nye, and damaged Nye's garden with herbicide.
Bill Nye : He graduated with a BS in mechanical engineering in 1977.
Bill Nye : ", from 1991 to 1993 Nye appeared on live-action educational segments of "", assisting Dr. Emmett Brown (played by Christopher Lloyd).
Bill Nye : In 2004 and 2005, he hosted "100 Greatest Discoveries", an award-winning series produced by THINKFilm for The Science Channel, broadcast in high definition on the Discovery HD Theater network.
Bill Nye : In November 2010, Nye became the face of a major science exhibition at the Chabot Space & Science Center in Oakland, California.
Bill Nye : In November 2008, he portrayed himself in the fifth-season episode "Brain Storm" of "Stargate Atlantis", alongside fellow television personality and astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Bill Nye : From 2005 to 2010, Nye was the vice president of the Planetary Society, an organization that advocates space science research and the exploration of other planets, particularly Mars.
Bill Nye : He also hosted an eight-part Discovery Channel series, "Greatest Inventions with Bill Nye".
Bill Nye : A lecture Nye gave on getting children excited about math inspired the creation of the crime drama "Numb3rs," where Nye appeared in several episodes as an engineering professor.
Bill Nye : Nye was born November 27, 1955, in Washington, D.C., to Jacqueline Jenkins-Nye (née Jenkins; 1921–2000), who was a codebreaker during World War II; and Edwin Darby "Ned" Nye (1917–1997), who also served in World War II and worked as a contractor building an airstrip on Wake Island.
Bill Nye : Nye's Science Guy personality is also prominent at Walt Disney Parks and Resorts—most notably his appearance with Ellen DeGeneres at "Ellen's Energy Adventure", an attraction that ran from 1996 to 2017 at the Universe of Energy pavilion at Epcot at Walt Disney World.
Bill Nye : William Sanford Nye (born November 27, 1955), popularly known as Bill Nye the Science Guy, is an American science communicator, television presenter, and mechanical engineer.
Bill Nye : He is best known as the host of the PBS and syndicated children's science show "Bill Nye the Science Guy" (1993–1998), the Netflix show "Bill Nye Saves the World" (2017–2018), and for his many subsequent appearances in popular media as a science educator.
Bill Nye : In May 1999, Nye was the commencement speaker at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute where he was awarded an honorary doctor of science degree.
Macky Sall : In late February 2009 it was decided not to prosecute Sall due to lack of evidence.
Macky Sall : On 13 October 2008, the National Assembly voted to reduce the term of the President of the National Assembly to one year; this was approved by President Wade on 21 October.
Macky Sall : Sall founded his own party, the Alliance for the Republic–Yaakaar (APR), on 1 December 2008.
Macky Sall : The Interior Ministry accused Sall of money laundering on 26 January 2009; Sall denied this and said that the accusation was politically motivated.
Macky Sall : Macky Sall (born 11 December 1961) is a Senegalese politician who has been President of Senegal since April 2012.
Macky Sall : He additionally became the Mayor of Fatick on 1 June 2002.
Macky Sall : Placing second in the first round of the 2012 presidential election, he won the backing of other opposition candidates and prevailed over Wade in the second round of voting, held on 25 March 2012.
Macky Sall : Sall was trained as a geological engineer at the Institute of Earth Sciences (IST) of the University of Dakar and then at the French Institute of Petroleum (IFP)'s National College of Petrol and Engines (ENSPM) in Paris.
Macky Sall : Sall was inaugurated as the fourth President of Senegal on 2 April at the King Fahd Palace hotel.
Macky Sall : In November 2007, the PDS Steering Committee abolished Sall's position of Deputy Secretary-General, which had been the second most powerful position in the party, and it decided to submit a bill to the National Assembly that would reduce the term of the President of the National Assembly from five years to one year.
Macky Sall : Sall nevertheless remained at odds with the PDS leadership in 2008.
Macky Sall : Sall served as the director of Wade's re-election campaign for the February 2007 presidential election, in which Wade was victorious, obtaining a majority in the first round.
Luiz Adriano : On 30 July 2019, he signed with Palmeiras on a four years
Luiz Adriano : On 23 October 2014, Luiz Adriano was called up to the Brazil national team for the first time for friendlies against Turkey and Austria in November.
Luiz Adriano : In March 2013, Luiz Adriano indicated that he would be likely to accept a call-up for Ukraine national team if asked.
Luiz Adriano : Luiz Adriano de Souza da Silva (born 12 April 1987), or simply Luiz Adriano (), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A club Palmeiras as a striker.
Luiz Adriano : He made his debut on 17 August in the third round of the Coppa Italia, scoring the second goal of a 2–0 win over Perugia at the San Siro.
Robert H. Grubbs : Grubbs was born on February 27, 1942, on a farm in Marshall County, Kentucky, midway between Possum Trot and Calvert City.
Robert H. Grubbs : Grubbs received the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin, for his work in the field of olefin metathesis.
Tomás Boy : Guadalajara.
Tomás Boy : He was a First Team All Star that season.
Tomás Boy : Boy was sacked and was replaced by Manuel Cerda.
Tomás Boy : Boy lasted only a handful of games before being fired himself.
Tomás Boy : About his style, Boy has stated "I had the style of Zidane, but I was faster."
Tomás Boy : Boy was let go after just managing to win one match out of thirteen.
Tomás Boy : The following season Boy and Tigres had a good season.
Tomás Boy : Although missing the playoffs, Boy had a successful season with Morelia, he was signed to a one-year extension.
Tomás Boy : Even though Boy had a 43 percent winning percentage in eight matches, he was not brought back for the Clausura 2008.
Tomás Boy : Mexico eventually fell to West Germany in penalty kicks after going scoreless in 120 minutes.
Tomás Boy : After winning their group Mexico faced Bulgaria in the Round of 16.
Tomás Boy : On the Mexico national team, Boy often played as a "classic 10".
Tomás Boy : Boy coached Cruz Azul in three tournaments and in none managed to accede to playoffs.
Tomás Boy : Boy was hired before the eleventh week of the Clausura 2004 season by Veracruz.
Tomás Boy : Although Boy missed 18 games, Tigres had a good season reaching the final.
Tomás Boy : An elegant attacking midfielder with great technique, vision and leadership in the field,
Tomás Boy : A right-footed set-piece specialist, he was renowned for his vision and his ability to set the pace in midfield and provide through-balls and assists for his teammates with both legs.
Tomás Boy : On October 2, 2015, Cruz Azul announces Boy as new coach.
Tomás Boy : After winning 48 percent of the matches, Veracruz qualified to the playoffs.
Tomás Boy : In the quarterfinals Morelia faced América with América having home field advantage.
Tomás Boy : Boy scored his first international goal on August 24, 1984 in a friendly match against Hungary in Budapest, Hungary.
Tomás Boy : Tomás Boy played as a forward in his youth career, despite coaches who wanted to deploy him in defensive positions.
Tomás Boy : Former Mexico's coach Miguel Herrera stated that Tomás Boy "as a player, he is one of the greatest my eyes have ever seen."
Tomás Boy : Mexico won the match with goals by Manuel Negrete and Raúl Servín.
Tomás Boy : Boy did not return to Monterrey and eventually returned to Morelia where he stayed for four tournaments.
Tomás Boy : Morelia advanced to the semifinals to face Guadalajara.
Tomás Boy : Boy started his career in the Atlético Español in the 1971–72 season.
Tomás Boy : In the 2015 Copa Libertadores, Boy led Atlas to defeat Atletico Mineiro in Belo Horizonte by 0-1, breaking the Brazilians 37-year unbeaten streak in home games in that competition.
Tomás Boy : In 1988, he then played for the San Jose Earthquakes of the Western Soccer Alliance.
Tomás Boy : After Morelia fired Luis Fernando Tena on February 19, 2009, Boy was hired the next day as their new manager.
Tomás Boy : Tomás Juan Boy Espinoza (born 28 June 1951), commonly known as Tomás Boy and nicknamed ""El Jefe"" (The Boss), is a Mexican professional football manager and former player.
Tomás Boy : Morelia was eliminated in the first round of all four tournaments that Boy was managed, from Invierno1998 to Verano 2000.
Tomás Boy : After being called up for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, Boy made his debut World Cup debut against Belgium.
Tomás Boy : In 1988, the San Jose Earthquakes of the Western Soccer Alliance replaced head coach Barney Boyce with Boy.
Tomás Boy : Mexico drew with Paraguay 1–1 with Luis Flores scoring Mexico's only goal.
Tomás Boy : The 1981–82 season did not start well for Boy, Boy missed the first eleven games of the season due to an injury.
Tomás Boy : Although Boy had a good season, Tigres lost to Zacatepec in the 1977 playoffs.
Tomás Boy : Boy scored his first professional goal on December 27, 1975 in a 3–1 win against C.D.
Tomás Boy : Boy and Tigres reached the playoffs but were eliminated in the first round by UNAM.
Tomás Boy : Following the 1986 FIFA World Cup, Boy and Tigres started the 1986–87 season with only one point in the first five matches.
Tomás Boy : Boy scored ten goals in 30 matches, this was the third time in his career that Boy scored in double digits.
Tomás Boy : In the second match against Paraguay, Boy started the match but was substituted in the 58th minute by Miguel España.
Tomás Boy : Although Boy had a good season, Tigres did not make the 1981 playoffs.
Tomás Boy : Tigres eventually defeated Atlante 6–2 in penalty kicks at Estadio Azteca, to win their second league title.
Tomás Boy : On October 22, 2016, after the 14th game of the Apertura 2016 season, Boy resigns after being defeated by Puebla in the Estadio Azul by 1-2, leaving Cruz Azul in the 12th position of the table and with few chances of qualifying to playoffs.
Tomás Boy : After a 2011–2012 season where Morelia reached semifinals in the Apertura season and Quarterfinals in the Clausura season, Boy resigned his position.
Tomás Boy : Boy appeared in 36 matches (started 35) in the 1975–76 season.
Tomás Boy : In the first 29 matches of the 1992–93 season, Boy had eight wins, six draws, and fifteen losses.
Tomás Boy : Boy moved to Tigres de la UANL in 1975 where he made his professional debut on March 2, 1976 against Club América in a 1–0 loss.
Tomás Boy : Boy retired after the season with 104 goals in 413 matches in his career.
Tomás Boy : Since the FIFA World Cup was in Mexico in 1986, there was no season in 1985–86 for Boy due to his national team duty.
Tomás Boy : The following season Boy appeared in 31 games, he score six goals but got three red cards.
Tomás Boy : Boy made his international debut in a friendly match against the Soviet Union, which Mexico won 1–0 with a goal by Hugo Sánchez.
Tomás Boy : Boy played 80 minutes until he was substituted by Carlos de los Cobos.
Tomás Boy : After winning three, drawing one, and losing five, Boy was not brought back for the Apertura 2005.
Tomás Boy : Boy's second season in Monterrey was similar as the previous, Monterrey won four matches, drew six and lost seven.
Tomás Boy : In 1985 Boy made his most appearances and goals with Mexico, appeared in 20 matches and scored seven goals.
Tomás Boy : Morelia won five, drew seven and lost five in the Verano 1997 season and made a two-game playoff to qualify to the final phase.
Tomás Boy : Boy was named captain of Mexico during the 1986 FIFA World Cup, over Real Madrid's star Hugo Sánchez.
Tomás Boy : Boy played with the Mexico national team between 1979 and 1987 being named captain during the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Tomás Boy : Mexico faced West Germany in the quarterfinals, Boy was substituted by Carlos de los Cobos again this time in the 32nd minute.
Tomás Boy : In the 1991–92 season Boy was signed as Querétaro head coach in the 21st match.
Tomás Boy : In the 1976–77 season Boy had another well performed season, Boy appeared in 33 games and scored eight goals.
Tomás Boy : Eventually Tigres started to get points and made the playoffs but were eliminated in the first round by Morelia in a 4–3 aggregate score.
Tomás Boy : In thirteen matches, Boy's team won three matches, drew two, and lost eight.
Tomás Boy : Boy appeared in 35 matches, his most since the 1980–81 season, and scored nine goals.
Tomás Boy : Considered by many as the greatest Tigres' player, he was the top goal scorer with 104 goals in over 13 years until French international striker André-Pierre Gignac broke his record on August 2019.
Tomás Boy : Veracruz faced Celaya in the second round, Veracruz were defeated by Celaya with a 6–0 aggregate score.
Tomás Boy : Two years after retiring Tampico Madero signed Boy as their head coach in the thirteenth game of the season replacing Hugo Fernández.
Tomás Boy : In 1987–88, Boy was injured most of the season and only appeared in 24 matches and scores five goals his least since 1975–76.
Tomás Boy : In the semifinals they played against Cruz Azul, Morelia lost the first leg 2–0 away in the Estadio Azul.
Tomás Boy : At Monterrey, Boy's team only won six matches, with four draws and seven losses Monterrey missed the playoffs.
Tomás Boy : Two and a half years after leaving Veracruz, Boy was hired by Atlas as their interim manager.
Tomás Boy : Boy scored nine games in 31 matches but Tigres did not make the playoffs.
Tomás Boy : In the third match against Iraq Boy played the full 90 minutes, Mexico won 1–0 with a goal by Fernando Quirarte.
Tomás Boy : Boy had his best statistically season in 1980–81, scoring 15 goals in 38 matches.
Tomás Boy : Boy appeared in 32 matches and scored seven goals but Tigres did not reach the playoffs.
Tomás Boy : In the 1982–83 season, Boy missed the first two games but came back against Monterrey in the third match.
Tomás Boy : After winning 6, drawing five and losing seven, Boy came back for the following season.
Tomás Boy : In the 1984–85 season, Boy missed the first two games of the season but came back in the third match against Cruz Azul.
Tomás Boy : In the first round Veracruz faced Atlas, Veracruz won by away goals, with the aggregate score being 3–3.
Tomás Boy : Morelia defeated América 1–0 at Estadio Morelos and 3–1 at Estadio Azteca.
Tomás Boy : After not coming back as Veracruz coach for the Invierno 1996 season, Boy did not stay out of a job for long, he was hired as Morelia coach by the fifth match of the season.
Tomás Boy : After three years without coaching, Boy was assigned as the new manager of Veracruz in the fifth game of the season.
Tomás Boy : Boy played 90 minutes with Mexico winning 2–1 with goals by Fernando Quirarte and Hugo Sánchez.
Tomás Boy : Boy appeared in 37 matches and scored ten goals in the 1978–79 season, helping Tigres make the playoffs again.
Tomás Boy : Boy appearing in 33 games and scoring six goals helped Tigres qualify to the 1978 playoffs.
Jesse Plemons : In 2007, Plemons graduated from the Texas Tech University Independent School District, a distance learning program, which allowed him to earn his high school diploma.
Jesse Plemons : He received a second Primetime Emmy Award nomination for his portrayal of Robert Daly in "USS Callister", an episode of the Netflix anthology series "Black Mirror".
Henok Goitom : Born in Sweden, Goitom has represented Eritrea at international level.
Henok Goitom : At the end of the season, where he only started in two of his appearances, the club announced that they would not be exercising their option to extended Goitom's contract.
Henok Goitom : Subsequently, Goitom served a two-year loan in the Spanish second division with Ciudad de Murcia.
Henok Goitom : Henok Goitom (; born 22 September 1984) is an Eritrean professional footballer who plays as a centre forward for AIK.
Henok Goitom : Goitom was a regular starter for the Swedish under-21 team during 2006, and played for the nation during qualification for the 2006 and 2007 UEFA European Championships.
Henok Goitom : In September 2015, at age of 30, Goitom made an official request to FIFA for permission to play for Eritrea.
Henok Goitom : The president of UD Almería, Alfonso García, however, announced the club would take matters to court: as he appeared before the media during the presentation of Aitor López Rekarte, showed journalists papers which proved an agreement had already been reached between Almería and Udinese.
Henok Goitom : On 16 August 2012, Goitom signed with his hometown club AIK Fotboll in the Allsvenskan.
Roman Dzindzichashvili : He left the U.S.S.R. in 1976 for Israel and earned the Grandmaster title in 1977.
Roman Dzindzichashvili : In 1979, Dzindzichashvili settled in the United States, and he won the Lone Pine tournament the next year.
Roman Dzindzichashvili : Chess Championship twice, in 1983 and again in 1989, sharing the title with two other players each time.
Roman Dzindzichashvili : Roman Yakovlevich Dzindzichashvili (; pronounced "jin-jee-khash-VEE-lee"; born May 5, 1944) is a Soviet-born American chess player.
Eric Stoltz : (2001).
Eric Stoltz : He directed an episode of the show in 2002.
Eric Stoltz : He attended the University of Southern California, but dropped out after his junior year.
Eric Stoltz : Eric Stoltz (born September 30, 1961) is an American actor, director and film producer.
Eric Stoltz : The director, Robert Zemeckis, said that while Stoltz provided an admirable performance, it lacked the precise comedic sense that Zemeckis was seeking.
Eric Stoltz : He was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for his direction of the cable movie "My Horrible Year!"
Eric Stoltz : In 2003, he played his first leading TV role in "Out of Order", which was canceled after five episodes.
Eric Stoltz : He has two sisters, Catherine, an opera singer, and Susan, a writer.
Eric Stoltz : Stoltz was born in Whittier, California, the son of Evelyn B.
Eric Stoltz : Some of the original footage, where Stoltz does not appear but was on set, was used in the film.
Eric Stoltz : Stoltz was raised in both American Samoa and Santa Barbara, California, where as a child he once earned money playing piano for local musical theatre productions.
Eric Stoltz : He has also directed two episodes of "Grey's Anatomy".
Eric Stoltz : (née Vawter), a violinist and schoolteacher, and Jack Stoltz, an elementary school teacher.
Eric Stoltz : In the 1970s, Stoltz joined a repertory company that performed ten plays at the Edinburgh Festival.
Eric Stoltz : He also directed a short film entitled "The Bulls" as well as the highest rated episode of "Law & Order" in 2005, entitled "Tombstone".
Eric Stoltz : Stoltz has been married to singer Bernadette Moley, since 2005.
Eric Stoltz : Originally cast as Marty McFly for "Back to the Future" in late 1984, he was replaced after about a month of filming with Michael J.
Eric Stoltz : In 2004, he appeared in "The Butterfly Effect" as a child molester; the following year, he guest-starred in the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace" as Debra Messing's love interest.
Eric Stoltz : Director Cameron Crowe and Stoltz became friends while making Stoltz's first feature film, "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (1982), which Crowe wrote and in which Stoltz had a minor role.
Eric Stoltz : During the first part of the 2000s, he starred with Gillian Anderson in "The House of Mirth" (2000), based on the novel by Edith Wharton.
Eric Stoltz : From 2001 to 2002, he had a recurring role as the English teacher-poet August Dimitri in ABC's "Once and Again", wherein Julia Whelan's character, a teenager, fell in love with his character.
Eric Stoltz : He continued to appear on the New York stage, both on Broadway ("Three Sisters", "Two Shakespearean Actors", "Arms and the Man") and off-Broadway ("The Importance of Being Earnest", "The Glass Menagerie", "Sly Fox" and "Our Town").
Eric Stoltz : He moved to New York in 1981 and studied with Stella Adler and Peggy Feury.
Eric Stoltz : He also produced the films "Bodies, Rest & Motion" in 1993, "Sleep with Me" in 1994, and "Mr. Jealousy" in 1997.
Eric Stoltz : During the 1990s, Stoltz went back and forth between stage, film, and television, appearing in studio and independent films such as "Pulp Fiction" (1994) and "The Waterdance" (1992).
Vinny Samways : Vincent Samways (born 27 October 1968) is an English former professional footballer and manager who played as a central midfielder from 1986 until 2006.
Vinny Samways : In the 1995–96 season, he spent time on loan at Division One sides Wolverhampton Wanderers and Birmingham City.
Vinny Samways : He then went back to Spain, joining lower league side Algeciras CF, and retired in 2005, aged 36.
Vinny Samways : Samways was born in Bethnal Green, London, and began his football career in Tottenham Hotspur's youth system.
Ivan Tomić : Ivan Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Томић; born 5 January 1976) is a Serbian football manager and former player.
Roman Weidenfeller : Both games were international friendlies.
Roman Weidenfeller : Weidenfeller offered an apology to Asamoah following the news reports but denied making the statement.
Roman Weidenfeller : Asamoah originally reported Weidenfeller after a match on 18 August 2007 between the two clubs, where the incident occurred after a clash between the two in the 51st minute.
Roman Weidenfeller : In 2005, Weidenfeller underwent surgery following a meniscus tear in his left knee during training.
Roman Weidenfeller : For the 2000/01 Bundesliga season he was promoted to the first team but made only six league appearances in two years.
Roman Weidenfeller : During his youth years, he played for Sportfreunde Eisbachtal.
Roman Weidenfeller : Roman Weidenfeller (; born 6 August 1980) is a former German footballer who played as goalkeeper for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the German national team.
Roman Weidenfeller : His debut for Dortmund came on 17 December 2003 against his former club, Kaiserslautern, in a 1–0 loss.
Roman Weidenfeller : On 9 May 2017, he extended his contract until 2018.
Roman Weidenfeller : Weidenfeller won the Bundesliga with Borussia Dortmund in 2011 and went on to win the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal double with Borussia Dortmund in 2012.
Roman Weidenfeller : On 6 May 2013, Weidenfeller signed a contract extension with Borussia Dortmund, keeping him at the club until 2016.
Roman Weidenfeller : His farewell match took place on September 7, 2018 in the Signal Iduna Park where Roman & Friends won against the BVB All Stars and Weidenfeller scored two goals.
Roman Weidenfeller : On 27 July 2013, Weidenfeller won the 2013 DFL-Supercup with Dortmund 4–2 against rivals Bayern Munich.
Roman Weidenfeller : Early in the 2007–08 season, Weidenfeller was given a three match ban and fined €10,000 for racist insults leveled against Schalke 04 striker Gerald Asamoah.
Roman Weidenfeller : However, with manager Jürgen Klopp leaving at the end of the 2014/15 season, the replacement manager Thomas Tuchel chose new signing Roman Bürki as his first choice goalkeeper as Dortmund began the season in excellent form, winning their first eleven games under Tuchel.
Roman Weidenfeller : Weidenfeller moved to Borussia Dortmund in 2002 on a free transfer as a possible replacement for Jens Lehmann, who had moved to Arsenal in 2003.
Kaloyan Ivanov : Standing at , he plays at the power forward position.
Kaloyan Ivanov : He is Dejan Ivanov's twin brother.
Kaloyan Ivanov : Kaloyan Toshkov Ivanov (born March 18, 1986) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player for Levski Sofia of the NBL.
Edzard Ernst : He has over 700 papers published in scientific journals.
Edzard Ernst : His father and grandfather were both doctors, and his mother was a laboratory assistant.
Edzard Ernst : His research mainly surveys systematic reviews and meta-analyses of clinical trials; the institute has not performed a clinical trial for some time due to budget constraints.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst was born in Germany in 1948.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst originally wanted to be a musician, but his mother persuaded him that medicine might be a good "sideline" career for him to pursue.
Edzard Ernst : He has said that about five percent of alternative medicine is backed by evidence, with the remainder being either insufficiently studied or backed by evidence showing lack of efficacy.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst qualified as a doctor in Germany in 1978 where he also completed his M.D.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst's writing appeared in a regular column in "The Guardian", where he reviewed news stories about complementary medicine from an evidence-based medicine perspective.
Edzard Ernst : In a 2008 publication in the "British Journal of General Practice", his listed treatments that "demonstrably generate more good than harm" was limited to acupuncture for nausea and osteoarthritis; aromatherapy as a palliative treatment for cancer; hypnosis for labour pain; massage, music therapy, relaxation therapy for anxiety and insomnia; and some plant extracts such as St John's wort for depression; hawthorn for congestive heart failure; guar gum for diabetes.
Edzard Ernst : In 2015 he was awarded the John Maddox Prize, sponsored jointly by Sense About Science and "Nature", for courage in standing up for science.
Edzard Ernst : He was born and trained in Germany, where he began his medical career at a homeopathic hospital in Munich, and since 1999 has been a British citizen.
Edzard Ernst : Edzard Ernst (born 30 January 1948) is a retired academic physician and researcher specializing in the study of complementary and alternative medicine.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst was the first occupant of the Laing chair in Complementary Medicine, retiring in 2011.
Edzard Ernst : The world's first professor of complementary medicine, Ernst researches complementary medicine with an emphasis on efficacy and safety.
Edzard Ernst : He has received training in acupuncture, autogenic training, herbalism, homoeopathy, massage therapy and spinal manipulation.
Edzard Ernst : He became director of complementary medicine of the Peninsula Medical School (PMS) in 2002.
Edzard Ernst : He was formerly Professor of Complementary Medicine at the University of Exeter, the first such academic position in the world.
Edzard Ernst : Ernst served as chairman of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation (PMR) at the University of Vienna, but left this position in 1993 to set up the department of Complementary Medicine at the University of Exeter in England.
Edzard Ernst : Since his research began on alternative modalities, Ernst has been seen as "the scourge of alternative medicine" for publishing critical research that exposes methods that lack documentation of efficacy.
Nobuo Uematsu : A self-taught musician, he began to play the piano when he was between the ages of eleven and twelve years old, and he did not take any formal piano lessons.
Nobuo Uematsu : He has an older sister who also played the piano.
Nobuo Uematsu : He cites Elton John as his biggest musical influence, and he has stated that he wanted to be like him.
Nobuo Uematsu : Although he agreed, Uematsu at the time considered it a side job, and he did not think it would become a full-time career.
Nobuo Uematsu : Many of Uematsu's musical influences come from the United Kingdom and the United States.
Nobuo Uematsu : Other major inspirations include The Beatles, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Simon & Garfunkel, and progressive rock bands.
Nobuo Uematsu : Uematsu currently resides in Tokyo, Japan with his wife, Reiko, whom he met during college, and their beagle, Pao.
Nobuo Uematsu : The reason for Uematsu's departure was that the company moved their office from Meguro to Shinjuku, Tokyo, and he was not comfortable with the new location.
Nobuo Uematsu : The style of Uematsu's compositions is diverse, ranging from stately classical symphonic pieces and heavy metal to new-age and hyper-percussive techno-electronica.
Nobuo Uematsu : Uematsu's "Final Fantasy" scores vary from upbeat, to dark and angry, to melancholic in nature.
Nobuo Uematsu : For instance, the music of "Final Fantasy VIII" is dark and gloomy, while the soundtrack to "Final Fantasy IX" is more carefree and upbeat.
Nobuo Uematsu : Uematsu left Square Enix in 2004 and formed his own production company, Smile Please.
Nobuo Uematsu : While working at Square, he met Hironobu Sakaguchi, who asked him if he wanted to create music for some of his games, which Uematsu agreed to.
Nobuo Uematsu : When Uematsu was working at a music rental shop in Tokyo, a Square employee asked if he would be interested in creating music for some of the titles they were working on.
Nobuo Uematsu : Uematsu created the main theme for the multi-composer game "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" in 2008.
Philippe Alliot : Alliot made another attempt at F1 with Larrousse in 1993, achieving the best finish of his F1 career, fifth, at the San Marino Grand Prix.
Philippe Alliot : Philippe Alliot (born 27 July 1954) is a former racing driver who participated in Formula One from to and from to .
Philippe Alliot : With said team he also won the French Formula Renault championship and went on to French Formula Three.
Philippe Alliot : By 1983 he moved to Formula Two but hit the headlines that year when he finished third in the Le Mans 24 Hours with Michael and Mario Andretti in a Kremer Porsche.
Philippe Alliot : After announcing his retirement from Formula One in 1995, he decided to try a career in politics, also did some TV commentary and competed in ice racing and the Paris–Dakar Rally, but ended running his own GT racing team.
Philippe Alliot : This role led to a race at the 1994 Hungarian Grand Prix for the team as a replacement for Mika Häkkinen, while he was suspended.
Hiroaki Samura : He says that he disliked oil painting from the start because of the smell of the paint and employed someone to help himself cheat to get through the course, which he is quite open about in interviews.
Igor Martínez : Igor Martínez Caseras (born 19 July 1989 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Balompédica Linense mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Igor Martínez : Martínez scored his first goal for Athletic on 30 August 2012, in a UEFA Europa League qualifying round game at HJK Helsinki, netting the last in a 3–3 draw (9–3 aggregate win).
David Hockney : It's going to be here for a while.
David Hockney : You can make paintings bigger.
David Hockney : Technical advances allowed him to become increasingly complex in model-making.
David Hockney : He did not like these photographs because they looked somewhat distorted.
David Hockney : I thought this was a good painting because it's of England ... it seems like a good thing to do."
David Hockney : His work is in numerous public and private collections worldwide, including:
David Hockney : Creation of the "joiners" occurred accidentally.
David Hockney : We're also making photographs bigger, videos bigger, all to do with drawing."
David Hockney : To help him visualize work at that scale, he used digital photographic reproductions to study the day's work.
David Hockney : Hockney has always returned to painting portraits throughout his career.
David Hockney : He noticed in the late sixties that photographers were using cameras with wide-angle lenses.
David Hockney : In 1978 he rented a house in the Hollywood Hills, and later bought and expanded it to include his studio.
David Hockney : He had refused to write an essay required for the final examination, saying he should be assessed solely on his artworks.
David Hockney : He did this at first with paintings based on memory, some from his boyhood.
David Hockney : At his studio he had a proscenium opening by in which he built sets in 1:8 scale.
David Hockney : From 1968, and for the next few years, he painted portraits and double portraits of friends, lovers, and relatives just under life-size in a realistic style that adroitly captured the likenesses of his subjects.
David Hockney : The collection ranged from his earliest self-portraits to work he completed in 2005.
David Hockney : From 21 January 2012 to 9 April 2012, the Royal Academy presented , which included more than 150 works, many of which take entire walls in the gallery's brightly lit rooms.
David Hockney : Recognising his talent and growing reputation, the RCA changed its regulations and awarded the diploma.
David Hockney : It was published by Petersburg Press in October 1977.
David Hockney : Hockney said, in a 2012 interview, "It's about big things.
David Hockney : He created paintings made of multiple smaller canvases—two to fifty—placed together.
David Hockney : The exhibition is dedicated to landscapes, especially trees and tree tunnels of his native Yorkshire.
David Hockney : In 2008, he donated it to Tate in London, saying: "I thought if I'm going to give something to the Tate I want to give them something really good.
David Hockney : On looking at the final composition, he realised it created a narrative, as if the viewer moved through the room.
David Hockney : approached him to create a series of lithographs with a Los Angeles theme.
David Hockney : He began to work more with photography after this discovery and stopped painting for a while to exclusively pursue this new technique.
David Hockney : Frustrated with the limitations of photography and its 'one-eyed' approach, however, he returned to painting.
David Hockney : The resulting work was featured in a BBC series that profiled several artists.
David Hockney : Elliott was a first- and second-team player for Bridlington Rugby Club.
David Hockney : His "A Bigger Grand Canyon", a series of 60 canvases that combined to produce one enormous picture, was bought by the National Gallery of Australia for $4.6 million.
David Hockney : The oil paintings he produced after 2005 were influenced by his intensive studies in watercolour, a series titled "Midsummer: East Yorkshire" (2003–2004).
David Hockney : That year, Petersburg also published a book, in which the images were accompanied by the poem's text.
David Hockney : He also used a computerised setup that let him punch in and program lighting cues at will and synchronise them to a soundtrack of the music.
David Hockney : He published his conclusions in the 2001 book "Secret Knowledge: Rediscovering the Lost Techniques of the Old Masters", which was revised in 2006.
David Hockney : While there, Hockney said he felt at home and took pride in his work.
David Hockney : In 1963, he painted two men together in the painting "Domestic Scene, Los Angeles", one showering while the other washes his back.
David Hockney : He rarely stayed for more than two weeks until 1997, when his friend Jonathan Silver who was terminally ill encouraged him to capture the local surroundings.
David Hockney : Works included oil paintings, watercolours, and drawings created on an iPad and printed on paper.
David Hockney : In 1965, the print workshop Gemini G.E.L.
David Hockney : In October 2010, he and a hundred other artists signed an open letter to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, Jeremy Hunt, protesting against cutbacks in the arts.
David Hockney : Hockney was offered a knighthood in 1990 but declined, before accepting an Order of Merit in January 2012.
David Hockney : Like his father, Hockney was a conscientious objector, and worked as a medical orderly in hospitals during his National Service, 1957–1959.
David Hockney : Hockney was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, to Laura and Kenneth Hockney (a conscientious objector in the Second World War), the fourth of five children.
David Hockney : He serves on the advisory board of the political magazine "Standpoint", and contributed original sketches for its launch edition, in June 2008.
David Hockney : He set up residence and studio in a converted bed and breakfast, in the seaside town of Bridlington, about 75 miles from where he was born.
David Hockney : He was associated with the movement, but his early works display expressionist elements, similar to some works by Francis Bacon.
David Hockney : The artist lived back and forth among Los Angeles, London, and Paris in the late 1960s to 1970s.
David Hockney : In 2012, Queen Elizabeth II appointed him to the Order of Merit, an honour restricted to 24 members at any one time for their contributions to the arts and sciences.
David Hockney : While working on a painting of a living room and terrace in Los Angeles, he took Polaroid shots of the living room and glued them together, not intending for them to be a composition on their own.
David Hockney : The reimagined set of "L'enfant et les sortilèges" from the 1983 exhibition "Hockney Paints the Stage" is a permanent installation at the Spalding House branch of the Honolulu Museum of Art.
David Hockney : Hockney assisted in displaying the works and the exhibition, which ran until January 2007, was one of the gallery's most successful.
David Hockney : He also owned a 1,643-square-foot beach house at 21039 Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, which he sold in 1999 for around $1.5 million.
David Hockney : On 21 June 2006, Hockney's painting, "The Splash" sold for £2.6 million.
David Hockney : When the RCA said it would not let him graduate if he did not complete an assignment of a life drawing of a female model in 1962, Hockney painted "Life Painting for a Diploma" in protest.
David Hockney : Sometimes, as in "We Two Boys Together Clinging" (1961), named after a poem by Walt Whitman, the works refer to his love for men.
David Hockney : Hockney returned more frequently to Yorkshire in the 1990s, usually every three months, to visit his mother who died in 1999.
David Hockney : As an important contributor to the pop art movement of the 1960s, he is considered one of the most influential British artists of the 20th century.
David Hockney : Hockney argues that this technique migrated gradually from Northern Europe to Italy, and is the reason for the photographic style of painting we see in the Renaissance and later periods of art.
David Hockney : Because the photographs are taken from different perspectives and at slightly different times, the result is work that has an affinity with Cubism, one of Hockney's major aims—discussing the way human vision works.
David Hockney : In summer 1966, while teaching at UCLA he met Peter Schlesinger, an art student who posed for paintings and drawings, and with whom he became romantically involved.
David Hockney : It was reported that Hockney's partner drove Elliott to Scarborough General Hospital where he later died.
David Hockney : Hockney is gay, and has explored the nature of gay love in his portraiture.
David Hockney : In 2011 British "GQ" named him one of the 50 Most Stylish Men in Britain and in March 2013 he was listed as one of the Fifty Best-dressed Over-50s by "The Guardian".
David Hockney : He had his first one-man show at Kasmin Limited when he was 26 in 1963, and by 1970 the Whitechapel Gallery in London had organised the first of several major retrospectives, which subsequently travelled to three European institutions.
David Hockney : Many of Hockney's works are housed in Salts Mill, in Saltaire, near his hometown of Bradford.
David Hockney : He is a staunch pro-tobacco campaigner and was invited to guest-edit BBC Radio's "Today" programme on 29 December 2009 to air his views on the subject.
David Hockney : In December 1985 Hockney used the Quantel Paintbox, a computer program that allowed the artist to sketch directly onto the screen.
David Hockney : In October 2006, the National Portrait Gallery in London organised one of the largest ever displays of Hockney's portraiture work, including 150 paintings, drawings, prints, sketchbooks, and photocollages from over five decades.
David Hockney : In 2010 and 2011, Hockney visited Yosemite National Park to draw its landscape on his iPad.
David Hockney : Since 2009, Hockney has painted hundreds of portraits, still lifes and landscapes using the Brushes iPhone and iPad application, often sending them to his friends.
David Hockney : In the 2001 television programme and book, "Secret Knowledge", Hockney posited that the Old Masters used "camera obscura" as well as "camera lucida" and lens techniques that projected the image of the subject onto the surface of the painting.
David Hockney : David Hockney, (born 9 July 1937) is a British painter, draftsman, printmaker, stage designer, and photographer.
David Hockney : In 2005 Burberry creative director Christopher Bailey centred his entire spring/summer menswear collection around the artist and in 2012 fashion designer Vivienne Westwood, a close friend, named a checked jacket after Hockney.
David Hockney : Hockney was commissioned to design the cover and pages for the December 1985 issue of the French edition of "Vogue".
David Hockney : Hockney returned to Yorkshire for longer and longer stays, and by 2003 was painting the countryside en plein air in both oils and watercolor.
David Hockney : In 2004, he was included in the cross-generational Whitney Biennial, where his portraits appeared in a gallery with those of a younger artist he had inspired, Elizabeth Peyton.
David Hockney : Commissioned by The Other Art Fair, a November 2011 poll of 1,000 British painters and sculptors declared him Britain's most influential artist of all time.
David Hockney : Some pieces are landscapes, such as "Pearblossom Highway #2", others portraits, such as "Kasmin 1982," and "My Mother, Bolton Abbey, 1982."
David Hockney : Hockney was a founder of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles in 1979.
David Hockney : At the Royal College of Art, Hockney featured in the exhibition "Young Contemporaries" – alongside Peter Blake – that announced the arrival of British Pop art.
David Hockney : Consistent with his interest in cubism and admiration for Pablo Picasso, Hockney chose to paint Celia Birtwell (who appears in several of his works) from different views for the cover, as if the eye had scanned her face diagonally.
David Hockney : On the morning of 18 March 2013, Hockney's 23-year-old assistant, Dominic Elliott, died as a result of drinking drain cleaner at Hockney's Bridlington studio; he had also earlier drunk alcohol and taken cocaine, ecstasy and temazepam.
David Hockney : In the early 1980s, Hockney began to produce photo collages—which in his early explorations within his personal photo albums he referred to as "joiners"—first using Polaroid prints and subsequently 35mm, commercially processed colour prints.
David Hockney : He was awarded The Royal Photographic Society's Progress medal in 1988 and the Special 150th Anniversary Medal and Honorary Fellowship in recognition of a sustained, significant contribution to the art of photography in 2003.
David Hockney : The exhibition moved to the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain from 15 May to 30 September, and from there to the Ludwig Museum in Cologne, Germany, between 27 October 2012 and 3 February 2013.
David Hockney : In 1980, he agreed to design sets and costumes for a 20th-century French triple bill at the Metropolitan Opera House with the title "Parade."
David Hockney : He was educated at Wellington Primary School, Bradford Grammar School, Bradford College of Art (where his teachers included Frank Lisle and his fellow students included Derek Boshier, Pauline Boty, Norman Stevens, David Oxtoby and John Loker) and the Royal College of Art in London, where he met R. B. Kitaj.
David Hockney : In 2012, Hockney featured in BBC Radio 4‘s list of "The New Elizabethans" to mark the diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.
David Hockney : Hockney has owned a home and studio in Bridlington and London, and two residences in California, where he has lived on and off since 1964: one in the Hollywood Hills, one in Malibu, and an office and archives on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, California.
David Hockney : In 2003, Hockney was awarded the Lorenzo de' Medici Lifetime Career Award of the Florence Biennale, Italy.
David Hockney : In 2009, "David Hockney: Just Nature" attracted some 100,000 visitors at the Kunsthalle Würth in Schwäbisch Hall, Germany.
David Hockney : In 1963, Hockney was first represented by art dealer John Kasmin.
David Hockney : He was appointed to the Board of Trustees of the American Associates of the Royal Academy Trust, New York in 1992 and was given a Foreign Honorary Membership to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1997.
David Hockney : "David Hockney: A Rake's Progress" (2012) is a biography of Hockney covering the years 1937–1975, by writer/photographer Christopher Simon Sykes.
David Hockney : In 1994, he designed costumes and scenery for twelve opera arias for the TV broadcast of Plácido Domingo's "Operalia" in Mexico City.
David Hockney : The subject matter of interest ranges from still lifes to landscapes, portraits of friends, his dogs, and stage designs for the Royal Court Theatre, Glyndebourne, and the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.
David Hockney : He was a Distinguished Honoree of the National Arts Association, Los Angeles, in 1991 and received the First Annual Award of Achievement from the Archives of American Art, Los Angeles, in 1993.
David Hockney : In June 2007, Hockney's largest painting, "Bigger Trees Near Warter or/ou Peinture sur le Motif pour le Nouvel Age Post-Photographique", which measures 15 feet by 40 feet, was hung in the Royal Academy's largest gallery in its annual Summer Exhibition.
David Hockney : On 15 November 2018, Hockney's 1972 work "Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)" sold at Christie's auction house in New York City for $90 million (£70 million), becoming the most expensive work by a living artist sold at auction.
David Hockney : From 26 October 2013 to 30 January 2014 "David Hockney: A Bigger Exhibition" was presented at the de Young Museum, one of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco.
David Hockney : "Beverly Hills Housewife" (1966–67), a 12-foot-long acrylic that depicts the collector Betty Freeman standing by her pool in a long hot-pink dress, sold for $7.9 million at Christie's in New York in 2008, the top lot of the sale and a record price for a Hockney.
David Hockney : Hockney has repeatedly been drawn to the same subjects – his family, employees, artists Mo McDermott and Maurice Payne, various writers he has known, fashion designers Celia Birtwell and Ossie Clark ("Mr and Mrs Clark and Percy", 1970–71), curator Henry Geldzahler, art dealer Nicholas Wilder, George Lawson and his ballet dancer lover, Wayne Sleep, and also his romantic interests throughout the years including Peter Schlesinger and Gregory Evans.
David Hockney : Hockney was also the inspiration of artist Billy Pappas in the documentary film "Waiting for Hockney" (2008), which debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2008.
David Hockney : The etchings refer to themes in a poem by Wallace Stevens, "The Man with the Blue Guitar".
David Hockney : Hockney's first stage designs were for "Ubu Roi" at London's Royal Court Theatre in 1966, Stravinsky's "The Rake's Progress" at the Glyndebourne Festival Opera in England in 1975, and "The Magic Flute" for Glyndebourne in 1978.
David Hockney : The works were "Parade", a ballet with music by Erik Satie; "Les mamelles de Tirésias", an opera with libretto by Guillaume Apollinaire and music by Francis Poulenc, and "L'enfant et les sortilèges", an opera with libretto by Colette and music by Maurice Ravel.
David Hockney : In 1967, Hockney's painting, "Peter Getting Out of Nick's Pool", won the John Moores Painting Prize at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool.
David Hockney : He was the subject of Jack Hazan's 1974 biopic, "A Bigger Splash", named after Hockney's 1967 pool painting of the same name.
Brad Bird : He served as an executive consultant for the show for its first eight seasons.
Brad Bird : Within two years, Bird had completed his animation, which impressed Disney.
Brad Bird : Despite receiving near-universal acclaim from critics, it failed at the box office due to lack of marketing and promotion from Warner Bros.
Brad Bird : His eighth Annie was the 2011 Winsor McCay Award for lifetime contribution to animation.
Brad Bird : In addition, Bird co-wrote the screenplay for the live-action film "Batteries Not Included".
Brad Bird : Bird pitched the idea for "The Incredibles" to Pixar.
Brad Bird : He directed his third film, "Ratatouille", in 2007.
Brad Bird : In 1989, Bird joined Klasky Csupo, where he helped to develop "The Simpsons" from one-minute shorts on "The Tracey Ullman Show" into a series of half-hour programs.
Brad Bird : By age 14, barely in high school, Bird was mentored by the animator Milt Kahl, one of Disney's Nine Old Men.
Brad Bird : He was then awarded a scholarship by Disney to attend California Institute of the Arts, where he met and befriended another future animator, Pixar co-founder and director John Lasseter.
Brad Bird : He worked on several other animated television series, including "The Critic" and "King of the Hill", before pitching Warner Brothers to write and direct the animated film "The Iron Giant".
Brad Bird : Phillip Bradley Bird (born September 24, 1957) is an American animator, director, screenwriter, producer, and voice actor best known for his animated feature films "The Iron Giant" (1999), "The Incredibles" (2004), "Ratatouille" (2007), and "Incredibles 2" (2018).
Juan del Olmo : Juan del Olmo (born 1958) is a Spanish judge in the 2004 Madrid train bombings case.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : He was re-elected to the same seat in the 1995 and 1996 general elections.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : In the elections of 2001 and 2005, he returned to parliament as a Party List MP for the Democrat Party.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : He has served as Democrat Party spokesman, Government spokesman, Prime Minister's Deputy-Secretary General for Political Affairs, Chairman of the House Education Affairs Committee, and Minister to the Prime Minister's Office.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : Mark Abhisit Vejjajiva was born in Princess Mary Maternity Hospital, England, United Kingdom.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : Abhisit earned a bachelor's degree in philosophy, politics and economics (PPE), first class honours, and a master's degree in economics from St John's College, Oxford.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : Following the Constitutional Court of Thailand's removal of Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej in 2008 for vested interests by taking a salary from a cooking show while being prime minister, Abhisit lost the National Assembly vote for prime minister by 163 votes to 298 for Somchai Wongsawat, ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra's brother-in-law.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : On 2 December 2008, the Constitutional Court banned the three government parties for electoral fraud, including the PPP, thus dissolving the governing coalition and paving the way for a Democrat-Party-led government.
Abhisit Vejjajiva : Abhisit Vejjajiva (; , , ; born 3 August 1964) is a British-born Thai politician who was the prime minister of Thailand from 2008 to 2011.
Adrian Smith : He still uses it to this day, stating that "it's still probably the best guitar I've got".
Adrian Smith : I just don't think it would have been complete without Adrian, and now, it's great having three guitarists."
Adrian Smith : Downing."
Adrian Smith : He purchased his first record, Deep Purple's "Machine Head", at the age of 15.
Adrian Smith : The title was released on 27 February 2012, while one song, "I See Lights", was released as a free download on the project's official website on 2 January.
Adrian Smith : In the same year, after hearing King's X for the first time, he decided that he would "love to play in a band like that" and formed The Untouchables, which later became Psycho Motel.
Adrian Smith : Smith has a current side project called Primal Rock Rebellion.
Adrian Smith : Smith, whose father was a painter and decorator from Homerton, was the youngest of three, with an older brother, Patrick, and a sister, Kathleen.
Adrian Smith : Born in Hackney, Smith grew up in Clapton.
Adrian Smith : As a child, he was "a Manchester United fanatic," although he would lose his interest in football once he got into music.
Adrian Smith : Smith grew up in London and became interested in rock music at 15.
Adrian Smith : The band recorded two albums, "State of Mind" in 1996 and "Welcome to the World" in 1997, during which they supported Iron Maiden on the British leg of The X Factour.
Adrian Smith : For over 20 years, he has been married to his Canadian wife, Nathalie Dufresne-Smith, who currently works for "Maiden Flight", a cancer awareness/ patient rights organisation, and the pair have three children, Dylan, Natasha, and Brittany, the last of whom works as a professional film production assistant.
Adrian Smith : Adrian Smith was born in Hackney Hospital and grew up a few streets away from his childhood friend, and current bandmate, Dave Murray.
Adrian Smith : On the "A Matter of Life and Death" DVD, he says the first decent guitar he bought was a Deluxe Gold Top 1972 Gibson Les Paul, which he paid £235 for when he was 17, in 1974.
Adrian Smith : Although Smith had previously been known to contribute shorter, more "commercial" tracks, since his return to the band he has penned many longer songs, beginning with "Paschendale" from "Dance of Death".
Adrian Smith : After leaving school at 16, he formed a band called Urchin, which he led until their demise in 1980.
Adrian Smith : Smith and Dickinson would go on to return to Iron Maiden in 1999, after which the band gained new success.
Adrian Smith : "No Prayer for the Dying" contained one last Smith song, co-penned with Bruce Dickinson, entitled "Hooks in You".
Adrian Smith : In August 2008, he had a Jackson guitar stolen from backstage at a show in Greece.
Adrian Smith : Following a short-lived solo project called ASAP, he left Iron Maiden in 1990 and, after a year-long hiatus, formed the bands The Untouchables and, subsequently, Psycho Motel.
Adrian Smith : He joined Iron Maiden in November 1980, replacing Dennis Stratton.
Adrian Smith : He remains in Iron Maiden, with whom he has released four further studio albums, 2003's "Dance of Death", 2006's "A Matter of Life and Death", 2010's "The Final Frontier" and 2015's "The Book of Souls".
Adrian Smith : His early influences included Johnny Winter and Pat Travers, which he claims made him a "melodic player" rather than a "speed merchant or a shredder" as he "was inspired by blues rock rather than metal."
Adrian Smith : Leaving school after completing his O-levels, Smith formed a band called Evil Ways, including Dave Murray on guitar, which was later renamed Urchin.
Adrian Smith : Adrian Frederick "H" Smith (born 27 February 1957) is an English guitarist and member of Iron Maiden, for whom he writes songs and performs live backing vocals on some tracks.
Adrian Smith : Smith was also offered a place in Iron Maiden while they were in the process of signing with EMI in 1979, but turned them down to continue with his own band, a decision he later regretted as Urchin split up in 1980.
Adrian Smith : After seeing the attention Murray received from girls, Smith took up the guitar, starting with an old Spanish guitar once owned by his brother, before purchasing an old one of Murray's for £5.
Adrian Smith : He soon formed a friendship with future Iron Maiden guitarist Dave Murray, who inspired him to take up the guitar.
Adrian Smith : The band embarked on a short tour, after which the new line-up's first album, "Brave New World", was recorded with producer Kevin Shirley and released in 2000.
Adrian Smith : In 1997, Psycho Motel was put on hold when Smith joined the band of former Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson.
Adrian Smith : At this point, Murray left the band to join Iron Maiden and Urchin signed with DJM Records and released a single, "Black Leather Fantasy", in 1977.
Adrian Smith : Originally written by guitarist Dave "Bucket" Colwell, whom he had worked with on The Entire Population of Hackney project, Smith would later sing "Reach Out" again for Colwell's solo album, "Guitars, Beers & Tears", released in 2010.
Adrian Smith : After a successful audition, Smith debuted with the band on a German TV show, before setting out on a UK tour and recording the "Killers" album, released in 1981.
Adrian Smith : After leaving, Smith started a family with his Canadian wife, Nathalie, and would not play guitar again until he joined Iron Maiden onstage at Donington Park in 1992 to perform "Running Free".
Adrian Smith : Shortly afterwards, Murray joined Urchin on their next single, "She's a Roller", as he had been sacked from Iron Maiden after a row with then vocalist Dennis Wilcock, although he was reinstated six months later.
Adrian Smith : While Iron Maiden were taking some time off in 1989, Smith released a solo LP with the band ASAP (Adrian Smith And Project), entitled "Silver and Gold", which was a commercial failure in spite of a promotional club tour.
Adrian Smith : Smith began writing his own material, including "22 Acacia Avenue", which was later included on Iron Maiden's "The Number of the Beast" (1982).
Adrian Smith : Smith, along with Steve Harris, also provides the band's backing vocals, although he sang lead on "Reach Out", the B-Side to the "Wasted Years" single, featuring Bruce Dickinson on backing vocals.
Adrian Smith : This led him to befriend Dave Murray, with whom he formed a band called Stone Free, which comprised Murray on guitar, Smith on vocals and their friend, Dave McCloughlin, playing the bongos.
Adrian Smith : Since returning to Iron Maiden, he has also continued experimenting with tuning (which he began doing in Psycho Motel), stating that he has used drop D tuning in live renditions of "Run to the Hills", "Wrathchild", "The Trooper" and "Hallowed Be Thy Name".
Adrian Smith : Smith performs lead guitar, bass and backing vocals on the album "Awoken Broken" by his collaborative studio project with Mikee Goodman of SikTh called Primal Rock Rebellion.
Adrian Smith : Smith currently prefers to use his Jackson signature 'San Dimas' Dinky, although he has used a variety of guitars over his career, including several different Dean models, various Jacksons, including the Randy Rhoads model, Fender Stratocasters (including three Fender Floyd Rose Classic Stratocasters; one with an added Roland midi pick-up), Gibson Les Pauls, Gibson Explorers, Gibson SGs, an Ibanez Destroyer, a Hamer Scarab, and Lado Guitars.
Klaus Meine : Meine wrote most of the lyrics to Scorpions' songs.
Klaus Meine : However, Scorpions stuck together, and, after therapy and two vocal cord surgeries, Meine's voice recovered.
Klaus Meine : In 1981, after a world tour and during the recording of the "Blackout" album, Meine lost his voice to the extent that he couldn't even speak properly.
Klaus Meine : Meine composed some songs alone like "Wind of Change", "You and I", "But the Best for You", "Does Anyone Know", "A Moment in a Million Years", "Moment of Glory", "I Wanted to Cry", "Back to You", "My City, My Town", "Follow Your Heart", "Rock'n' Roll Band", "The World We Used To Know" and "Who We Are".
Klaus Meine : Klaus Meine (born May 25, 1948) is a German vocalist, songwriter and instrumentalist best known as the lead singer of the heavy metal band Scorpions.
Klaus Meine : He and guitarist Rudolf Schenker are the only two members of the group to appear on every Scorpions album, though he did not join the band until 1969, four years after they were founded.
Ádám Szalai : On 9 January 2010, Real Madrid loaned Szalai to 1.
Ádám Szalai : FSV Mainz 05 until June.
Ádám Szalai : Ádám Csaba Szalai (born 9 December 1987) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for German club 1.
Ádám Szalai : On 15 April, Sky Sports published an article on the player where Horst Heldt, general manager of FC Schalke 04, reportedly showed interest in signing him, pending the club's qualification to the UEFA Champions League in order to fund the transfer.
Ádám Szalai : On 11 February 2009 he made his debut with the full side, replacing Zoltán Szélesi in the 84th minute of a 0–1 friendly loss to Israel.
Jean-Michel Jarre : 2".
Jean-Michel Jarre : He also gave Jean-Michel his first tape recorder.
Jean-Michel Jarre : The event was viewed by an audience of about 3.5 million.
Jean-Michel Jarre : Jarre's disappointment was such that he "could not cope with Mexican food for two years".
Jean-Michel Jarre : He also composed during 2016 the soundtrack for the French news network France Info.
Jean-Michel Jarre : He had a brief relationship with Isabelle Adjani, and married French actress Anne Parillaud in May 2005.
Jean-Michel Jarre : In 1990 Jarre released "En Attendant Cousteau" (Waiting for Cousteau), inspired by the French oceanographer Jacques-Yves Cousteau.
Jean-Michel Jarre : Jean-Michel André Jarre (; born 24 August 1948) is a French composer, performer and record producer.
Jean-Michel Jarre : In his role of UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador, Jarre performed a concert named Water for Life in Morocco, on 16 December 2006, to celebrate the United Nations Year of Desertification in the world.
Jean-Michel Jarre : In 2016, "" was released with 15 more collaborators, including Pet Shop Boys, Hans Zimmer, Yello and Gary Numan.
Jean-Michel Jarre : The album's release coincided with Jarre's first foreign tour.
Danny Jones : They married on 2 August 2014 in Malton, North Yorkshire.
Danny Jones : Jones also takes the role of lead guitarist in most performances, with Fletcher playing rhythm guitar.
Danny Jones : On 26 July 2013, Jones announced he was engaged to model and former Miss England Georgia Horsley.
Danny Jones : Some remixes can be found as b-sides on singles released from the album "Above the Noise".
Danny Jones : Jones also works with DJ Roger Sanchez under the name 'The Saturn V'.
Danny Jones : Drummer Judd and bassist Poynter were subsequently recruited through an advertisement placed by Fletcher and Jones in NME magazine.
Danny Jones : Danny Jones (born 12 March 1986) is an English musician who is one of the lead vocalists and the lead guitarist for pop-rock band McFly.
Danny Jones : Jones has toured England as a DJ and is set to release songs called "Gone" and "Around Me" with Sanchez, also a remix of Rihanna's song "We Found Love".
Danny Jones : Jones met Fletcher when he auditioned for the "boy band" V (he mistakenly perceived V as similar in style to the future Busted).
Juan María Atutxa : He currently heads the Sabino Arana foundation.
Juan María Atutxa : After being initially acquitted on parliamentary immunity by the Basque High Court and an appeal by the far-right union Manos Limpias in 2007, founded by Miguel Bernard Remón, the Supreme Court sentenced him to a €18,000 fine and 18 months of disqualification for the exercise of any public office in early 2008.
Juan María Atutxa : During his term as a regional minister, he was tasked with implementing the recently passed Basque Country Police Act which the regional police body (Ertzaintza) and mandated its extension to the whole autonomous community.
Juan María Atutxa : Furthermore, the Department of Interior introduced many technological advances during his tenure, greatly increasing the pace of the scrutiny and offering election night-data over the Internet, a first in Spain.
Juan María Atutxa : In this area, he drafted the reform of the electoral law establishing the possibility of a future use of electronic voting and leaving the actual date of implementation to the Parliament.
Juan María Atutxa : He also implemented the Emergency Response Act, a law unifying the protocols for emergency assistance in the Basque Country, and the Spectacles Act, which mandated periodic safety inspections on buildings authorized to hold public events.
Juan María Atutxa : Juan María Atutxa Mendiola (born May 18, 1941 in Areatza) is a politician from the Basque Country (an autonomous community in Spain) with a nationalist ideology.
Bohuslav Sobotka : He studied at Masaryk University where he received a Master's degree in Law.
Bohuslav Sobotka : His family moved to Slavkov u Brna in the early 1980s.
Bohuslav Sobotka : The party won the election, gaining 20.45% of votes.
Bohuslav Sobotka : On 2 May 2017, Sobotka announced that he will resign because he cannot bear responsibility for Finance Minister Andrej Babiš.
Dragiša Binić : Dragiša Binić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгиша Бинић; born 20 October 1961) is a Serbian former footballer who played for Red Star and was part of their European Cup victory in 1991.
Harry Reid : So Harry is simply wrong."
Harry Reid : On March 27, 2015, Reid uploaded a video to his YouTube account announcing that he would not seek re-election in November 2016.
Harry Reid : Reid believed that "Roe vs. Wade" should be overturned, and in 1999, voted against an amendment that supported Roe.
Harry Reid : In 1959, Reid married his high school girlfriend, Landra Gould.
Harry Reid : He then went to George Washington University Law School earning a J.D., while working as a police officer for the United States Capitol Police.
Milan Smiljanić : Milan "Lola" Smiljanić (, ; born 19 November 1986) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Partizan.
Milan Smiljanić : Smiljanić made his full debut on 22 August 2007, in a 2–3 loss against Belgium in Brussels for the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers.
Milan Smiljanić : On 15 June 2017, Smiljanić returned to the Israeli Premier League and signed with newly promoted Hapoel Ashkelon FC.
Peniel Mlapa : Peniel Kokou Mlapa (born 20 February 1991) is a Togolese footballer who plays as a striker for Ittihad Kalba .
Graziano Pellè : Born in San Cesario di Lecce, Province of Lecce, Pellè is from Monteroni di Lecce.
Graziano Pellè : In July 2007, Pellè lost all ties to Lecce and signed for Dutch Eredivisie outfit AZ.
Graziano Pellè : In early July 2011, Parma confirmed through its official website that Pellè had signed a multi-year contract with the club.
Graziano Pellè : His debut season, however, was largely unfruitful, as he struggled to replace PSV-bound Danny Koevermans, and finished his first season with just 3 goals in 27 games (16 starts).
Graziano Pellè : In January 2005, Pellè was loaned out to Catania in Serie B, being regularly used but failing to find the net.
Graziano Pellè : For the 2012–13 season, still owned by Parma, Pellè returned to the Netherlands, joining Feyenoord to become the first Italian to play for the club.
Graziano Pellè : In the summer, he participated in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship with the under-20 team, scoring four goals in an eventual quarter-final exit, and returned to Lecce for the 2005–06 campaign, only to be loaned again in the winter transfer window, again to the second division, now to Crotone.
Graziano Pellè : He started playing for local club Lecce's youth teams; his father Roberto was a striker for Lecce in Serie C. Graziano won two "Campionato Primavera" titles and the 2002 "Coppa Italia Primavera".
Graziano Pellè : He scored 11 goals in his first ten games, including a last-minute strike in a 2–2 home draw against Ajax and both goals in a 2–0 success over RKC Waalwijk, also at De Kuip.
Bodo Illgner : In 1999–2000, Illgner was succeeded by 18-year-old Iker Casillas, after which he retired from football altogether.
Bodo Illgner : Bodo Illgner (; born 7 April 1967) is a German retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Nicola Pietrangeli : Nicola "Nicky" Pietrangeli (; born 11 September 1933) is a former Italian tennis player.
Peter Brötzmann : Peter Brötzmann, "We thought we could change the world".
Peter Brötzmann : Wolke Verlag, Hofheim 2014. .
Peter Brötzmann : Brötzmann has released over fifty albums as a bandleader and has appeared on dozens more.
Peter Brötzmann : Peter Brötzmann & Tom Raworth
Peter Brötzmann : Conversations with Gérard Rouy.
Peter Brötzmann : He has not abandoned his art training.
Peter Brötzmann : He studied painting in Wuppertal and was involved with the Fluxus movement but grew dissatisfied with art galleries and exhibitions.
Peter Brötzmann : Peter Brötzmann (born 6 March 1941) is a German free jazz saxophonist and clarinetist.
Peter Brötzmann : He experienced his first jazz concert when he saw American jazz musician Sidney Bechet while still in school at Wuppertal, and it made a lasting impression.
Peter Brötzmann : Brötzmann has also recorded or performed with Cecil Taylor, Keiji Haino, Willem van Manen, Mats Gustafsson, Ken Vandermark, Conny Bauer, Joe McPhee, Paal Nilssen-Love and Brötzmann's son, Caspar Brötzmann.
Philipp Schoch : He won a gold medal in the Parallel Giant Slalom at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Philipp Schoch : Philipp Schoch (born 10 October 1979) is a Swiss snowboarder.
Javier Villa : Javier Villa García (born 5 October 1987 in Colunga, Asturias, Spain) is a Spanish racing driver living in Arriondas, Asturias, Spain.
Javier Villa : In 2011 Villa will move to the World Touring Car Championship with Proteam Motorsport BMW team, where he scored his first podium in Hungary.
Javier Villa : He took his first GP2 victory in 2007 at the sprint race at Magny-Cours.
Ulises Rosales del Toro : General Ulises Rosales del Toro (born March 8, 1942), is a Cuban politician.
Ulises Rosales del Toro : He previously held the position of sugar minister.
Ulises Rosales del Toro : He is the former Cuban Minister of Agriculture (2008–2010).
Filip Meirhaeghe : Filip Meirhaeghe (born 5 March 1971 in Ghent) is a retired Belgian racing cyclist.
Filip Meirhaeghe : He has won four Mountain Bike World Championships medals, one Olympic medal and a total of eleven mountain bike World Cup events.
Henry Cárdenas : Henry Cárdenas Ordaz (born October 30, 1965 in Sogamoso, Boyacá) is a retired road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional rider from 1986 to 1997.
Najib Mikati : The government was formed on 13 June 2011, after many delays.
Najib Mikati : He sold the company in June 2006 to South Africa's MTN Group for $5.5 billion.
Najib Mikati : In April 2015, "Forbes" estimated his net worth at $3.3 billion, making him the richest man in Lebanon.
Najib Mikati : He also attended a summer school program held at Harvard and the French business school INSEAD.
Najib Mikati : He is the leader of the solidarity bloc, which has had two seats in the Lebanese parliament since 2004.
Najib Mikati : Mikati co-founded the telecommunications company Investcom with his brother Taha in 1982.
Najib Mikati : He also created the centrist movement and ideology in Lebanon and the Arab world, for which he has held many international conferences in Lebanon.
Najib Mikati : During negotiations to form a government, Mikati emerged as a consensus candidate.
Najib Mikati : He graduated from the American University of Beirut in 1980 with a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree.
Najib Mikati : From April 2005 to July 2005 he was Prime Minister of Lebanon in a caretaker government.
Najib Mikati : On 13 June, Mikati announced the formation of the government and stated that it would begin by "liberating land that remains under the occupation of the Israeli enemy".
Najib Mikati : President of Lebanon Michel Suleiman then invited Mikati to head a new Lebanese government.
Najib Mikati : As a parliamentarian, Mikati retained his cabinet position and developed a reputation as a moderately pro-Syrian politician with a normal relationship with Syrian president Bashar Assad.
Najib Mikati : After being appointed Minister of Public Works and Transport on 4 December 1998, Mikati was elected to the Lebanese parliament from his hometown of Tripoli in 2000, outpolling Omar Karami, who was elected from the same multimember constituency.
Najib Mikati : He was a perennial candidate for Lebanon's prime ministry since 2000, finally taking the office upon the resignation of Omar Karami on 13 April 2005.
Najib Mikati : On 13 June 2011, Mikati became the Prime Minister of Lebanon for the second time.
Najib Mikati : Najib Azmi Mikati (; born 24 November 1955) is a Lebanese politician who served twice as the Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Najib Mikati : On 25 January, 68 members of the parliament of Lebanon voted in favor of nominating Mikati for Prime Minister.
Najib Mikati : On 25 January 2011, he was nominated to serve as Prime Minister by a majority of the votes in the parliamentary consultations following the 12 January fall of the Lebanese government of November 2009.
Mauricio Isla : A hard-working, elegant, and tactically versatile player, Isla plays mainly on the right flank as a wing-back, but he can also play in numerous other positions in defence, including as a full-back or even as a midfielder, both in the centre and on the right wing; he has also been deployed in defensive and offensive midfield roles.
Mauricio Isla : Mauricio Aníbal Isla Isla (; born 12 June 1988) is a Chilean footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and the Chile national team.
Bill Murray : His subsequent films "What About Bob?"
Bill Murray : One of his sisters had polio and his mother suffered several miscarriages.
Bill Murray : Their divorce was finalized on June 13, 2008.
Bill Murray : Later, they remarried in Chicago for their families.
Bill Murray : Murray was convicted and sentenced to probation.
Bill Murray : In 1997, he married Butler.
Bill Murray : That same year, Murray announced that he was taking a hiatus from acting as he had not had the time to relax since his new breakthrough in the late 1990s.
Bill Murray : During his teen years, he worked as a golf caddy to fund his education at the Jesuit high school.
Bill Murray : However, his starring roles in "Larger than Life" and "The Man Who Knew Too Little" were not as successful with critics or audiences.
Bill Murray : Murray stated in a 1984 interview: "I'm definitely a religious person, but it doesn't have much to do with Catholicism anymore.
Bill Murray : He officially joined the cast of NBC's "Saturday Night Live" for the show's second season, following the departure of Chevy Chase.
Bill Murray : (1991) and "Groundhog Day" (1993) were box-office hits.
Bill Murray : Murray later said that he only took the role because he was under the mistaken impression the screenplay, co-written by Joel Cohen, was the work of Joel Coen.
Bill Murray : Murray was with "SNL" for three seasons from 1977 to 1980.
Bill Murray : The film, which Murray co-wrote, was his first starring role in a dramatic film.
Bill Murray : He played a music manager in 2015's "Rock the Kasbah".
Bill Murray : Butler filed for divorce on May 12, 2008, accusing Murray of domestic violence, infidelity, and addictions to sex, marijuana, and alcohol.
Bill Murray : Following Murray's affair with Jennifer Butler, the couple divorced in 1996.
Bill Murray : On January 31, 2012 – 30 years after his first appearance with Letterman – Murray appeared again on his talk show.
Bill Murray : He did return to the big screen for brief cameos in Wes Anderson's "The Darjeeling Limited" and in "Get Smart" as Agent 13, the agent in the tree.
Bill Murray : In an interview included on the "Lost in Translation" DVD, Murray states that it is his favorite movie in which he has appeared.
Bill Murray : During the 2000 presidential campaign, Murray supported Green Party candidate Ralph Nader.
Bill Murray : In 2016 he was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor by the Kennedy Center.
Bill Murray : "Ghostbusters" became the highest-grossing film of 1984 and the highest-grossing comedy of all-time.
Bill Murray : Frustrated over the failure of "The Razor's Edge", Murray retired from acting for four years to study philosophy and history at Sorbonne University, frequent the Cinémathèque in Paris, and spend time with his family in their Hudson River Valley home.
Bill Murray : During the first few seasons of "SNL", Murray engaged in a romantic relationship with fellow cast member Gilda Radner.
Bill Murray : During this time Murray still appeared in comedic roles such as "" and "Osmosis Jones".
Bill Murray : He appeared as Letterman's final guest when the host retired on May 20, 2015.
Bill Murray : During his teen years he was the lead singer of a rock band called the Dutch Masters and took part in high school and community theater.
Bill Murray : "The Razor's Edge", which was filmed before "Ghostbusters" but not released until after, was a box-office flop.
Bill Murray : William James Murray (born September 21, 1950) is an American actor, comedian, filmmaker, and writer.
Bill Murray : He was in attendance, along with fellow Cubs fans John Cusack, Eddie Vedder and Bonnie Hunt, during the Cubs' historic Game Seven victory during the 2016 World Series.
Bill Murray : There had been speculation that he might return to the "Ghostbusters" franchise for a rumored "Ghostbusters 3", but he dispelled such rumors in an interview with "GQ".
Bill Murray : Murray is a fan of several Chicago professional sports teams, especially the Chicago Cubs, Chicago Bears, and the Chicago Bulls.
Bill Murray : During the filming of "Stripes", Murray married Margaret Kelly on Super Bowl Sunday in Las Vegas on January 25, 1981.
Bill Murray : Murray was nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance in the 2014 film "St. Vincent".
Bill Murray : In 1990, Murray made his first and only attempt at directing when he co-directed "Quick Change" with producer Howard Franklin.
Bill Murray : In 2004, he provided the voice of Garfield in "", and again in 2006 for "".
Bill Murray : With the exception of a cameo appearance in the 1986 movie "Little Shop of Horrors", he did not make any appearances in films, though he did participate in several public readings in Manhattan organized by playwright/director Timothy Mayer and in a stage production of Bertolt Brecht's "A Man's a Man".
Bill Murray : Margaret gave birth to two sons, Homer (born 1982) and Luke (born 1985).
Bill Murray : Murray has homes in Los Angeles, California, Rancho Santa Fe, California, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, Charleston, South Carolina, and Palisades, New York, a suburb of New York City.
Bill Murray : In 2016, he was the voice of Baloo in the live-action adaptation of Disney's "The Jungle Book", directed by Jon Favreau.
Bill Murray : He was the MC for Eric Clapton's Crossroads Guitar Festival on July 28, 2007, where he dressed in various guises of Clapton as he appeared through the years.
Bill Murray : In 2008, he played an important role in the post-apocalyptic film "City of Ember", and in 2009, had a cameo role in the zombie comedy "Zombieland".
Bill Murray : He was considered a favorite to win the Academy Award for Best Actor, but Sean Penn ultimately won the award for his performance in "Mystic River".
Bill Murray : He was part of the ensemble cast of the 2018 animated film "Isle of Dogs", by Wes Anderson, which premiered at the 68th Berlin International Film Festival.
Bill Murray : Murray provided the voice for the character Mr. Badger in the 2009 animated film "Fantastic Mr. Fox".
Bill Murray : He followed this with a portrayal of Hunter S. Thompson in 1980's "Where the Buffalo Roam".
Bill Murray : He later agreed with Columbia Pictures to star in "Ghostbusters"—in a role originally written for John Belushi—to get financing for "The Razor's Edge".
Bill Murray : He later appeared on the first episode of the "Late Show with David Letterman" on August 30, 1993, when the show moved to CBS.
Bill Murray : In the early 1980s, he starred in a string of box-office hits, including "Caddyshack", "Stripes", and "Tootsie".
Bill Murray : In 2003, he appeared in Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation" and went on to earn a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, and an Independent Spirit Award, as well as Best Actor awards from several film critic organizations.
Bill Murray : Murray was the first guest on NBC's "Late Night with David Letterman" on February 1, 1982.
Bill Murray : Since 2010, Murray has been part of ensembles which received several award nominations in two Wes Anderson movies: "Moonrise Kingdom" (2012) and "Grand Budapest Hotel" (2014).
Bill Murray : Together, they have four sons: Caleb (born January 11, 1993), Jackson (born October 6, 1995), Cooper (born January 27, 1997), and Lincoln (born May 30, 2001).
Bill Murray : In 2004, he made his third collaboration with Wes Anderson in "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou" and in 2005 his second collaboration with Jim Jarmusch in "Broken Flowers".
Bill Murray : Murray began work on a film adaptation of the novel "The Razor's Edge".
Bill Murray : Murray returned to films with "Scrooged" in 1988 and "Ghostbusters II" in 1989.
Bill Murray : Murray decided to take a turn towards more dramatic roles and experienced a resurgence in his career, taking on roles in "Wild Things", "Cradle Will Rock", "Hamlet" (as Polonius), and "The Royal Tenenbaums".
Bill Murray : After "Groundhog Day", he appeared in a series of well-received supporting roles in films like "Ed Wood", "Kingpin", and "Space Jam" (where he appeared as himself).
Bill Murray : Murray appeared as Martin Heiss, a cynical ghost debunker, in the reboot of "Ghostbusters", which was released on July 15, 2016.
Bill Murray : In 1998, he received much critical acclaim for Wes Anderson's "Rushmore", for which he won Best Supporting Actor awards from the New York Film Critics Circle, the National Society of Film Critics, and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association (tying with Billy Bob Thornton).
Bill Murray : He received Golden Globe nominations for his roles in "Ghostbusters", "Rushmore" (1998), "Hyde Park on Hudson" (2012), "St. Vincent" (2014), and the HBO miniseries "Olive Kitteridge" (2014), for which he later won his second Primetime Emmy Award.
Bill Murray : He first rose to fame on "Saturday Night Live", a series of performances that earned him his first Emmy Award, and later starred in comedy films—including "Meatballs" (1979), "Caddyshack" (1980), "Stripes" (1981), "Tootsie" (1982), "Ghostbusters" (1984), "Scrooged" (1988), "Ghostbusters II" (1989), "What About Bob?"
Perejaume : His work covers a discursive plane of subject matter that includes humans' relationship with nature, the society of the spectacle, and the reevaluation of modernist painting.
Perejaume : Of self-taught formation he takes clear influences of authors like Joan Brossa, with he will share work mixing the painting and the poetry.
Perejaume : Pere Jaume Borrell i Guinart, known as Perejaume, (born in 1957 in Sant Pol de Mar, Catalonia) is a Catalan contemporary artist.
Bruce Pandolfini : Convenient shortcuts to presentation:
Bruce Pandolfini : Pandolfini has written a monthly column for the magazine Chess Life titled "The ABC's of Chess" since 1979.
Bruce Pandolfini : Bruce Pandolfini (born September 17, 1947) is an American chess author, teacher, and coach.
Bruce Pandolfini : Several years later, Pandolfini was featured in Fred Waitzkin’s book "Searching for Bobby Fischer" (1988), a perceptive narrative on his talented son Josh and Josh’s successes in the world of children’s chess.
Matteo Renzi : ISIS claimed responsibility.
Matteo Renzi : A reduction in the tax burden of about €80 was announced for those earning less than €1,500 per month.
Matteo Renzi : Out of the 1,500 cars put up for sale, 170 sold immediately over eBay.
Matteo Renzi : In May 2015 the economy recorded growth of 0.3%, finally ending the Italian triple-dip recession.
Matteo Renzi : The European Commission subsequently forecast that the Italian economy would begin to grow by the spring.
Matteo Renzi : The call led to an emergency meeting of European interior ministers to address the problem of migrant deaths.
Matteo Renzi : His lowest approval to date was in June 2015, with just over 35%.
Matteo Renzi : In a speech addressing immigration, the Italian Prime Minister condemned human trafficking as a "new slave trade".
Matteo Renzi : It was also the first in which the number of female ministers was equal to the number of male ministers, excluding the Prime Minister.
Matteo Renzi : Following the Russian military intervention in Ukraine, however, relations worsened.
Matteo Renzi : In 1996 he was one of the founders of the committee in support of Romano Prodi's candidature as Prime Minister in the general election; that same year he joined the centrist Italian People's Party, and became its Provincial Secretary in 1999.
Matteo Renzi : Most of the migrants had come from Syria, Eritrea and various countries in West Africa.
Matteo Renzi : On 3 December the Senate gave the "Jobs Act" the final approval it needed to become law.
Matteo Renzi : His Cabinet became Italy's youngest government to date, with an average age of 47.
Matteo Renzi : They discussed Europe's economy, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, climate change and energy security.
Matteo Renzi : He subsequently appointed women to the majority of new positions, making it the first time any woman had served as a chief executive of a state-owned company in Italy.
Matteo Renzi : In January 2016, Renzi highlighted an additional 500,000 jobs that he claimed had been created through his policies.
Matteo Renzi : On 2 March 2014, Renzi accused Putin of having committed "an unacceptable violation".
Matteo Renzi : On 4 December 2016, the reform was rejected in a constitutional referendum.
Matteo Renzi : On 8 August 2014, the Cabinet approved a law-decree providing for the international protection of migrants.
Matteo Renzi : His rise to become Prime Minister was widely seen as a sign of much-needed generational change, and at the time he took office he enjoyed by far the highest approval rating of any politician in the country.
Matteo Renzi : Xi also stated that China would continue co-operation with Italy ahead of Expo 2015 in Milan.
Matteo Renzi : Putin guaranteed Russian support in case of a UN intervention in Libya against the Islamic State.
Matteo Renzi : In 1999, he graduated from the University of Florence with a degree in law, with a thesis on Giorgio La Pira, the former Christian Democratic Mayor of Florence.
Matteo Renzi : In 2014, 170,100 migrants arrived in Italy by sea, a 296% increase compared to 2013.
Matteo Renzi : In September the government brought the "Jobs Act" before Parliament, which provided for, among other things, the abolition of Article 18 of the Workers' Statute, which protected workers from unjustified dismissal.
Matteo Renzi : The following day, Renzi was formally sworn in as Prime Minister, becoming the fourth Prime Minister in four years and the youngest Prime Minister in the history of Italy.
Matteo Renzi : Matteo Renzi (; born 11 January 1975) is an Italian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Italy from February 2014 until December 2016.
Matteo Renzi : On 19 April 2015, a huge shipwreck took place in the Mediterranean Sea, causing the death of more than 700 migrants from North Africa.
Matteo Renzi : The two leaders also met in Tokyo in August 2015 and discussed about relations with China and the stability of East Asia.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi himself said that he considered Obama an example for the policies he wanted to achieve.
Matteo Renzi : From January to April 2015, about 1,600 migrants died on the route from Libya to Lampedusa, making it the deadliest migrant route in the world.
Matteo Renzi : The proposal was heavily criticised by the largest Italian trade union, the General Confederation of Labour (CGIL) and its leaders Susanna Camusso and Maurizio Landini.
Matteo Renzi : On 19 March, during a speech to the Chamber of Deputies, Renzi stated that the Crimean status referendum was illegal and that the G8 countries must start co-operating to solve the crisis and prevent a return to the Cold War.
Matteo Renzi : He and President Obama discussed many issues, including Ukraine, Libya and ISIL.
Matteo Renzi : In June, he subsequently participated in the G7 summit in Brussels, the first one held after the suspension of Russia from the G8 following the annexation of Crimea in March.
Matteo Renzi : According to public opinion surveys in May 2014, just after the European election, Renzi's approval rating was 74%, the highest ever rating for an Italian politician serving as Prime Minister (the highest absolute consensus, 84% was recorded in November 2011 by Professor Mario Monti, who presided over a technical, bipartisan government).
Matteo Renzi : Moreover, the left-wing of the Democratic Party, by then led by the former National Secretary Pier Luigi Bersani, criticised the government for the reform, threatening to vote against it.
Matteo Renzi : As a result of the Libyan and Syrian Civil Wars, a major problem faced by Renzi upon becoming Prime Minister in 2014 was the high levels of illegal immigration to Italy.
Matteo Renzi : During their first meeting on 1 April 2014, Cameron stated that the reforms planned by Renzi were "ambitious" and that together the two men would be able to change the European Union.
Matteo Renzi : In the same year he married Agnese Landini, with whom he later had three children.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi eventually gained a total of 39% of the vote, against Bersani's 61%.
Matteo Renzi : Obama stated afterwards that he had been impressed by the reforms Renzi wanted to undertake.
Matteo Renzi : At the 2014 local elections, his sister Benedetta was elected a municipal councillor for the Democratic Party in Castenaso, a small town near Bologna.
Matteo Renzi : Upon becoming Prime Minister, Renzi said that "long-overdue" labour market reform would be at the top of his agenda to improve the state of the Italian economy.
Matteo Renzi : In March 2014 the Cabinet approved the auctioning of a large number of luxury cars that were used to transport heads of state, including nine Maseratis, two Jaguars, and various other cars such as BMWs and Alfa Romeos.
Matteo Renzi : Russia had previously enjoyed a privileged relationship with Italy, particularly under the leadership of Silvio Berlusconi, who was a personal friend of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Matteo Renzi : The Renzi family are regular Mass-goers and are active in the Association of Italian Catholic Guides and Scouts, the largest scouting association in Italy.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi and Putin also had a bilateral meeting on 16 October, when Renzi hosted the Asia–Europe Meeting (ASEM) in Milan with 53 other leaders of the world.
Matteo Renzi : On 30 April Renzi, together with the Minister for the Public Administration Marianna Madia, presented the guidelines for the reform of the Public Administration, subsequently approved by the Cabinet on 13 June.
Matteo Renzi : On 29 September, the National Committee of the Democratic Party voted to support the "Jobs Act", despite the disagreements within the party, with 130 votes in favour, 20 against and 11 abstaining.
Matteo Renzi : On 25 February Renzi won a vote of confidence in the Italian Parliament, with 169 votes in the Senate and 378 in the Chamber of Deputies.
Matteo Renzi : Abe publicly congratulated Renzi for the economic and constitutional reforms being delivered by Renzi's government.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi held several days of talks with party leaders, all of which he broadcast live on the internet, before unveiling his Cabinet on 21 February, which contained members of his Democratic Party, the New Centre-Right, the Union of the Centre and the Civic Choice.
Matteo Renzi : In 1999 Renzi married Agnese Landini, a teacher, with whom he has three children: two sons, Francesco and Emanuele, and a daughter, Ester.
Matteo Renzi : In September, Renzi participated in the 2014 NATO Summit in Wales.
Matteo Renzi : The Government also announced the abolition of IRAP, a regional tax on production activities and, discussing the 2016 Finance Bill, Renzi further promised to cancel IRPEF, IMU and TASI, taxes on individuals, public services and residences.
Matteo Renzi : Following Letta's resignation, Renzi formally received the task of forming a new government from President Napolitano on 17 February.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi and Merkel had many bilateral meetings, the first on 17 March 2014 in Berlin, just a few weeks after Renzi's election as Prime Minister, where the two leaders discussed important reforms that the Italian Government planned to make both in Italy and in the EU.
Matteo Renzi : Similar to his predecessors, Renzi continued the long-standing Italian policy of a close relationship with the United States, building a partnership with President Barack Obama.
Matteo Renzi : On 15 March 2014 Renzi met Hollande in Paris, agreeing with him a common economic policy focused not only on the austerity measures imposed by the so-called "Troika" of the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund, but also on more flexible policies to promote economic growth in the EU.
Matteo Renzi : Italy supported the US in the military intervention against the Islamic State, and participated in the international sanctions against Russia following their invasion of East Ukraine.
Matteo Renzi : In doing so, Renzi became the first Italian Prime Minister to officially visit Vietnam since 1973, when diplomacy first began between Italy and North Vietnam.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi is an avid football fan and supports Fiorentina, the team of his hometown Florence.
Matteo Renzi : In April, as part of his wider industrial reforms, Renzi forced the chief executives of Italy's biggest state-owned companies, including Eni, Terna, Finmeccanica, Enel and Poste Italiane, to resign, citing a lack of public confidence in their leadership.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi phoned Putin on 28 August, asking him to stop the "intolerable escalation" and to reach a peace agreement with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to stop the pro-Russian conflict in that regions.
Matteo Renzi : On 12 March 2014, the Cabinet issued a law-decree on fixed-term contracts, called the "Poletti Decree", from the name of the Labour Minister Giuliano Poletti, as well as a bill proposing major reforms to the Italian labour market called the "Jobs Act".
Matteo Renzi : Renzi was received at the White House in April 2015.
Matteo Renzi : On 9 October the Italian Senate voted to approve the "Jobs Act", and the landmark reform passed with 165 votes in favour to 111 against, marking the first step for the most ambitious economic legislation of the eight-month-old government.
Matteo Renzi : On 15 November, during the G-20 summit in Brisbane, the two leaders had another meeting, where they discussed about the Ukrainian crisis, but also on the civil wars in Libya and Syria.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi is seen as an ally of French President François Hollande of the Socialist Party.
Matteo Renzi : On 11 June, Renzi met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing, who congratulated him for the "important reforms" being undertaken by his government.
Matteo Renzi : A key ally of Renzi in the Mediterranean is Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi; the two leaders held many bilateral meetings where they discussed the problem of immigration to Italy and the increasing tensions in the Middle East and North Africa.
Matteo Renzi : Before the official start of the summit, he had discussions with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, US President Barack Obama and the other three leaders of the European G4 to discuss the crisis with Russia.
Matteo Renzi : On 5 March 2015, Renzi met President Putin and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow.
Matteo Renzi : The talks between the leaders was focused on international issues, such as settlement of the crisis in Ukraine, the situations in the Middle East and in Libya, as well as fighting terrorism.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi's father, Tiziano, was the city secretary of the Democratic Party for Rignano sull'Arno, near Florence, until March 2017; he was previously a municipal councillor for the Christian Democrats from 1985 to 1990.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi met Obama for the first time on 24 March 2014, during the latter's trip to Rome.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi, returning to Rome from a political event in Mantua for the regional elections, held an emergency meeting with ministers and spoke by telephone to French President François Hollande and Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat.
Matteo Renzi : On 18 November, Renzi travelled to Ashgabat, Turkmenistan, where with Turkmen President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow he signed a number of economic pacts securing increased gas supply.
Matteo Renzi : During the visit Renzi placed a wreath in the mausoleum of the former North Vietnamese President Ho Chi Minh.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi built a constructive relationship with British Prime Minister David Cameron of the Conservative Party.
Matteo Renzi : On 25 November, the Chamber of Deputies approved the "Jobs Act" with 316 votes, but the Five Star, Lega Nord and almost forty members of the Democratic Party abstained from the vote to protest against the reform.
Matteo Renzi : Several months later in October, Renzi met with Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang in Rome to sign twenty treaties worth a total of 8 billion euros.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi also held a joint meeting with Obama, Pope Francis and Italian President Giorgio Napolitano.
Matteo Renzi : During his premiership, Renzi faced several challenging foreign policy situations, such as the European debt crisis, the civil war in Libya, the Ukrainian Crisis and the insurgency of the Islamic State (IS) in the Middle East.
Matteo Renzi : On 12 June, Renzi met Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev in Astana, where they discussed withdrawal of Italian troops from Afghanistan.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi formed a close relationship with US President Barack Obama, supporting the 2014 military intervention against IS with hundreds of Italian troops and four Panavia Tornado aircraft, and also supporting international sanctions against Russia after their invasion of East Ukraine.
Matteo Renzi : On 9 June, Renzi travelled to Hanoi, Vietnam to meet with President Trương Tấn Sang and Prime Minister Nguyễn Tấn Dũng, as well as Communist Party General Secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng to sign economic treaties worth around 5 billion US dollars to the Italian economy.
Matteo Renzi : On 6 June 2014, Renzi received Prime Minister Abe in Rome.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi built up a close relations with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe; the two Prime Ministers are both against austerity and they are reforming the constitutions of their countries.
Matteo Renzi : Renzi forged a positive relationship with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, who praised the economic policies of the Renzi Government.
Oscar Garré : He played most of his career (1974–88 and 1989–94) as a defender for Ferro Carril Oeste, and was part of the team that won the Nacional championships of 1982 and 1984.
Oscar Garré : After retirement, he has coached such teams as Lanús, Chile's Universidad Católica, and Huachipato.
Oscar Garré : In 1994, he went to Israel, where he played for Hapoel Kfar Saba and Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Oscar Garré : Oscar Alfredo Garré (born 9 December 1956) is a former Argentine football defender.
Oscar Garré : Garré played for the Argentina, he was part of the squad that won the 1986 World Cup.
Richmond Boakye : Richmond Yiadom Boakye (born 28 January 1993) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Red Star Belgrade and the Ghana national football team.
Richmond Boakye : On 23 September 2018, he scored a header against Partizan in the eternal derby, which ended in a 1-1 tie.
Richmond Boakye : After joining the club, however, he returned to Sassuolo on a second season-long loan deal with the club.
Jerry Rivera : He later underwent surgery in the United States.
Jerry Rivera : In 1999, Rivera recorded "De Otra Manera" ('Another Way'), his first attempt at ballad music, which featured the bolero "Ese" ("Him").
Jerry Rivera : Frankie Ruiz, who was a guest at the hotel, appeared and sang a couple of songs with them and had his picture taken alongside Rivera.
Jerry Rivera : Rivera played a small role in the movie "I Like It Like That" and appeared as himself in a Latin American soap opera titled "Mi destino eres tu" ('You are my destiny') which aired on Univision in the US during November 2005.
Jerry Rivera : In 1988, Tommy Olivencia heard Rivera sing alongside his father and recommended that he sing solo.
Jerry Rivera : When Rivera was 14, his father made a demo and presented it to the CBS music department.
Jerry Rivera : In 1986, when he was 13 years old, he accompanied his father who was performing at a hotel in Isla Verde, San Juan.
Jerry Rivera : His third album, "Cuenta Conmigo" ('Count on Me'), won three Platinum Record awards in the United States, Puerto Rico, Venezuela and Colombia.
Jerry Rivera : His second album, "Abriendo Puertas" ('Opening Doors'), produced the hit songs "Esa Niña" ('That Girl'), "Dime" ('Tell Me'), "Nada Sin Ti" ('Nothing Without You'), and "Como un Milagro" ('Like a Miracle') became number one hits first in Puerto Rico, then among the Hispanic populations in the United States and finally across Latin America.
Jerry Rivera : Jerry sang the song with his father at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan.
Jerry Rivera : Rivera was awarded two Premio "Lo Nuestro Awards" for "Singer of the Year" and "Album of the Year" and Sony Records presented him with three Crystal Awards.
Jerry Rivera : In 2003, this picture was used by Rivera to make the album cover for his tribute "Canto a mi Idolo... Frankie Ruiz" ('I sing to my Idol... Frankie Ruiz'), who had died in 1998.
Jerry Rivera : Rivera has performed in Venezuela, Colombia, Honduras, Panama, the United States, Spain, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru, Mexico, Sweden, France, and Japan.
Jerry Rivera : His parents, also musicians, inspired him to become a musician and as a child he would often accompany his mother Dominga, a singer, and father Edwin, a guitarist and director of "Los Barones Trio", during their shows.
Jerry Rivera : Jerry Rivera (born July 31, 1973) is a Puerto Rican salsa singer and songwriter.
Jaime Sánchez Fernández : Jaime Sánchez Fernández (born 20 March 1973), known simply as Jaime, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Jaime Sánchez Fernández : Jaime was born in Madrid.
Sergio Fajardo : Fajardo was the Vice Presidential nominee of Antanas Mockus in 2010, finishing in second place after losing the runoff against Juan Manuel Santos and Angelino Garzon.
Sergio Fajardo : He has been involved in peace processes as a founding member of the Comisión Facilitadora de Paz de Antioquia while Álvaro Uribe was the governor of Antioquia and has given conferences on Colombia's armed conflict.
Sergio Fajardo : Fajardo then went to the United States to study, and earned a PhD in Mathematics with a minor in economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Sergio Fajardo : Sergio Fajardo Valderrama (; born 19 June 1956) is a Colombian politician and mathematician.
Sergio Fajardo : Sergio Fajardo is the father to Mariana and Alejandro Fajardo Arboleda.
Sergio Fajardo : Fajardo served as the Governor of Antioquia from 2012-2016.
Sergio Fajardo : In July 2017, Sergio Fajardo announced his campaign to run for President in the upcoming elections in 2018.
Sergio Fajardo : As a journalist he was subdirector of "El Colombiano" and wrote a regular column for "El Mundo", "El Espectador" and "Dinero"; he had roles in the TV programs "Operación Ciudad" in Telemedellín and "Zanahoria" in Teleantioquia and also formed part of the Viva FM Caracol Radio team.
Ahmed Musa : Musa scored his first goal for the Super Eagles in a March 2011 friendly against Kenya.
Ahmed Musa : Ahmed Musa (born 14 October 1992) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward and left winger for Saudi Arabian team Al-Nassr and the Nigeria national team.
Ahmed Musa : On 5 August 2010, at the age of 17, Musa made his debut for the Nigeria senior team in a qualification match for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations against Madagascar, where he came on as a substitute for John Obi Mikel in a 2–0 win.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : He has also been President of the Royal Board of Trustees of the Museo del Prado (2000–2004), and president and founder of Elcano Royal Institute for International and Strategic Studies.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : Later in 1982, the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party won the elections.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : From 1993 to 1996, he was the president of Instituto de Cuestiones Internacionales y Política Exterior (INCIPE – Institute for International and Foreign Policy Issues).
Eduardo Serra Rexach : Born in Madrid on 19 December 1946, Serra attended primary and secondary school at Instituto Ramiro de Maeztu.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : He graduated with a degree in law from the Complutense University of Madrid in 1968.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : He assisted the government during Spain's accommodation into NATO, until his resignation in 1987.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : Eduardo Serra Rexach is a Spanish politician and businessman, who served as the Minister of Defence from 1996 to 2000 during the government of José María Aznar.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : Serra entered politics in 1977 as part of the cabinet of the then Minister of Industry and Energy, Alberto Oliart, while Adolfo Suárez and the Union of the Democratic Centre were in power.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : He served in the post until 2000, when he was replaced by Federico Trillo-Figueroa.
Eduardo Serra Rexach : Spain's new prime minister, Felipe González, appointed Narcís Serra to the post of Minister of Defence, and Eduardo Serra as the secretary of defense.
Ricardo Gardner : as assistant coach.
Ricardo Gardner : Ricardo Wayne Gardner (born 25 September 1978), commonly known as Bibi, is a retired Jamaican footballer.
Malcolm Turnbull : He was sworn in as Prime Minister of Australia the following day.
Malcolm Turnbull : Treasurer Scott Morrison defeated Dutton in the contest.
Malcolm Turnbull : He served as Chair of the Australian Republican Movement from 1993 to 2000, and was one of the leaders of the unsuccessful "Yes" campaign in the 1999 republic referendum.
Malcolm Turnbull : For over two decades prior to entering politics, he worked as a journalist, lawyer, merchant banker, and venture capitalist.
Malcolm Turnbull : In 1978, Turnbull won a Rhodes Scholarship and attended Brasenose College, Oxford, where he studied for a Bachelor of Civil Law from 1978 to 1980, graduating with honours.
Malcolm Turnbull : Turnbull spent his first three years of school at Vaucluse Public School.
Malcolm Turnbull : Malcolm Bligh Turnbull (born 24 October 1954) is an Australian former politician who was the 29th Prime Minister of Australia from 2015 to 2018.
Malcolm Turnbull : Though initially planning to leave politics after this, Turnbull chose to stay and was later appointed Minister for Communications in the Abbott Government following the 2013 federal election.
Malcolm Turnbull : However, his support of the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme proposed by the Rudd Government in December 2009 led to a leadership challenge by Tony Abbott, who defeated Turnbull by a single vote.
Malcolm Turnbull : When the second spill motion passed on 24 August 2018, Turnbull did not contest the ballot and subsequently resigned as Prime Minister.
Diego Alves : Diego Alves Carreira (born 24 June 1985), known as Diego Alves, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo as a goalkeeper.
Diego Alves : Alves made his debut for the full side on 10 November 2011, in a 2–0 friendly win with Gabon.
Daniel Johns : Johns debuted a new song as a solo artist on 29 January 2015 on the Triple J radio station.
Daniel Johns : Their debut album "The Dissociatives" was initially recorded in London, United Kingdom, and a few months later, the two regrouped in Sydney and Newcastle to finish off the project.
Daniel Johns : During the post-"Diorama" hiatus, Johns worked on several side projects, the most notable being The Dissociatives with dance musician/producer Paul Mac.
Daniel Johns : Daniel Paul Johns (born 22 April 1979) is an Australian musician, singer, and songwriter.
Daniel Johns : At the age of 12, Johns and school friends Ben Gillies and Chris Joannou formed a band, originally named "The Innocent Criminals", and practiced daily after school for periods of four hours or more.
Daniel Johns : Johns announced his engagement to long-time girlfriend, actress, singer, and model Natalie Imbruglia in late 2002, and they married on New Year's Eve 2003.
Daniel Johns : The Dissociatives toured with musicians Kim Moyes on drums, Julian Hamilton on keys, and James Haselwood on bass.
Daniel Johns : The band released "Freak Show" in 1997, followed by "Neon Ballroom" in 1999, and then "Diorama" in 2002.
Daniel Johns : The band's career began when the three members were 15 years old when a demo recording of their song "Tomorrow" won a competition that was run by the SBS TV programme "Nomad".
Milorad Čavić : The Serbian team initially challenged the result but FINA later confirmed the finish.
Milorad Čavić : He also won a silver medal in 50 m freestyle.
Milorad Čavić : Born in Anaheim, California and a citizen of both Serbia and the United States, he attended Tustin High School in California, where he set four CIF records and a national high school mark in the 50 yd freestyle.
Milorad Čavić : Milorad "Milo" Čavić (, ; born May 31, 1984) is a Serbian former professional swimmer.
Milorad Čavić : While swimming for the University of California, Berkeley and training with Mike Bottom, Čavić set a new school and Pac-10 record in the 100 yd butterfly (45.44 s).
Milorad Čavić : Representing Serbia and Montenegro at the European Short Course Swimming Championships in Dublin 2003, Čavić won the gold medal in 100 m butterfly and set a new world record in the short course.
Milorad Čavić : In 2008, Čavić won the European championship in the 50 m butterfly, setting the new European record (23.11) in Eindhoven, Holland – a result briefly quashed when the European Swimming Federation (LEN) immediately disqualified the swimmer for wearing a T-shirt at the medals ceremony that read "Kosovo is Serbia".
Milorad Čavić : Čavić defended his European 100 m title on subsequent short-course championships in Helsinki 2006 (finishing 50.63), Debrecen 2007 (finishing at 50.53) and Rijeka 2008 (finishing at 49.19 and setting a new European record).
César Caneda : He was also loaned to UD Salamanca, Sevilla FC and Racing de Santander, all in the second division (he won promotion with the latter two, being regularly used).
César Caneda : In La Liga, he appeared for Athletic Bilbao.
César Caneda : César Fernández de las Heras Caneda (born 10 May 1978), known simply as César, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Logroñés as a defender.
César Caneda : On 24 January 2012, the 33-year-old scored in the last minute of a 2–1 home win against RCD Espanyol for the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey, from a Pablo Infante indirect free kick – the competition's top scorer – as the minnows from Castile and León reached the last-four stage after a 4–4 aggregate score.
Charlie McCreevy : He was appointed to the Internal Market and Services portfolio, by President of the European Commission José Manuel Barroso.
Charlie McCreevy : He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare constituency (and later the Kildare North constituency) from 1977 to 2004.
Daryl Sabara : Both roles were opposite his brother, who played "Robin".
Daryl Sabara : They became engaged on December 21, 2017, and married on December 22, 2018 (also Trainor's 25th birthday).
Daryl Sabara : Sabara began performing with the regional ballet company, South Bay Ballet.
Daryl Sabara : In 2003, Sabara made a guest appearance as the character Owen on an episode of "Friends", during which Matthew Perry's character Chandler accidentally reveals to Owen that he is adopted.
Daryl Sabara : He costarred in the 2009 film "April Showers", a movie written and directed by a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
Daryl Sabara : He then played a Jewish young boy trying to have a nice Bar Mitzvah in "Keeping Up with the Steins" (formerly known as "Lucky 13"), which received a limited release on May 12, 2006.
Daryl Sabara : Sabara provided the voice of Hunter in "Father of the Pride".
Daryl Sabara : He appeared in two episodes of "The Batman": first as Harris, a middle schooler; then as Scorn, the sidekick of the villain Wrath.
Daryl Sabara : Sabara also voiced the main character, Hero Boy, in the 2004 animated version of "The Polar Express".
Daryl Sabara : He was also in "The Boondocks" as the voice of Butch Magnus Milosevic in the episode "Shinin'".
Daryl Sabara : He has appeared in episodes of the television series "Weeds", "House", "Dr. Vegas", and was one of the judges on "America's Most Talented Kids".
Daryl Sabara : He next appeared in the films "Her Best Movie" and the interactive DVD "Choose Your Own Adventure", played Ben on "The Last Chance Detectives" radio dramas by "Adventures in Odyssey" and "Focus on the Family", and also appeared as school bully Wesley Rhoades in Rob Zombie's "Halloween".
Daryl Sabara : Sabara began acting during the mid-1990s, appearing on episodes of "Murphy Brown", "Life's Work", and "Will and Grace" before being cast as Juni Cortez in the "Spy Kids" series of family films, which became popular among pre-teen audiences.
Mitsuhisa Taguchi : In 1977, he became a regular goalkeeper and played at 1978 World Cup qualification, 1978 Asian Games and 1980 Summer Olympics qualification.
Mickaël Landreau : and left the club both sportingly and psychologically.
Mickaël Landreau : And a year and a half is a long way to go when you have hard days.""
Mickaël Landreau : The move was agreed and was completed.
Mickaël Landreau : In the 2006–07, the 2007–08 and the 2008–09 season, Landreau played all 38 appearance in his PSG Career.
Mickaël Landreau : He announced his intention to leave his first club just before the end of the 2005–2006 season.
Mickaël Landreau : In the press conference, Landreau says ""The most important thing is to blossom on the pitch.
Mickaël Landreau : As his contract expired, Arsenal and A.C. Milan were among interested signing him.
Mickaël Landreau : Reports claims Landreau could be set to move to Real Madrid in order to become Iker Casillas’ understudy.
Mickaël Landreau : Upon moving to Bastia, he revealed that he had turned down a move to Italian side Inter Milan.
Mickaël Landreau : In August 2016, Landreau was appointed assistant manager to Réginald Ray at Championnat National club Paris FC.
Mickaël Landreau : Mickaël Vincent André-Marie Landreau (; born 14 May 1979) is a French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is a manager.
Mickaël Landreau : On 11 October 2003, Landreau had an operation on his articular disk which was a serious injury in his football career.
Mickaël Landreau : Coupet eventually move to Paris Saint-Germain putting Landreau’s future in doubt.
Mickaël Landreau : The season following his departure, Nantes was relegated to Ligue 2 for the first time since 1963.
Mickaël Landreau : Five days after signing for Lille, he suffered a massive blow by damaging cruciate ligaments during a training session which kept him out of action for around six months.
Mickaël Landreau : On 22 November 2003, Landreau made his return in a 3–1 win over his (first match in his career) against Bastia.
Mickaël Landreau : He gave a press conference and announced that after thirteen years, he would leave FC Nantes to meet new challenges in a more important team.
Mickaël Landreau : At the end of the 2005–06 Ligue 1 season, Landreau's contract with Nantes was set to expire but Nantes was set to offer Landreau a new contract along with Mauro Cetto and Jérémy Toulalan.
Mickaël Landreau : His good performance at Nantes led Landreau drew strong interest from clubs like Barcelona, Monaco, Roma, Juventus, Marseille, Manchester United and Celtic.
Mickaël Landreau : On 7 November 2012, he allowed six goals from Bayern Munich during a Champions League match.
Mickaël Landreau : However, Charles Villeneuve said he had not confirmed Landreau's place in the squad for next season and had hinted at an interest in Coupet but Sebastien Bazin (the chairman of PSG's majority shareholders Colony Capital) insisted Landreau will not be leaving the club.
Mickaël Landreau : Landreau then joined Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer, signing a four-years contract on 15 May 2006.
Mickaël Landreau : During his last match at Stade de la Beaujoire on 6 May 2006, he received a tribute from the fans who saluted his dedication and loyalty to the club for thirteen years.
Mickaël Landreau : Having won two consecutive Coupe de France trophies in 1999 and 2000 (captained in the 2000 final), Nantes were crowned 2001 Ligue 1 champions for the first time since 1995.
Mickaël Landreau : His first professional match for Nantes was a 0–0 draw against Bastia on 2 October 1996 and saved the penalty from Ľubomír Moravčík.
Mickaël Landreau : In the semi-final of the 2004 French Cup, Landreau produced several saves, but to no avail as the team could not score and were eliminated from the competition.
Mickaël Landreau : In December 2012 as a remaining first choice goalkeeper, Landreau left Lille by mutual consent after a strained relationship with general manager Frederic Paquet.
Mickaël Landreau : On 5 August 2006, Landreau made his debut for PSG in a 3–2 loss against Lorient.
Mickaël Landreau : At Paris Saint-Germain, Landreau established himself as a first choice goalkeeper beating Jérôme Alonzo and youngster Nicolas Cousin He also became a fan favorite.
Mickaël Landreau : In May 2017, he was given a four-year contract at Lorient, newly relegated to Ligue 2.
Mickaël Landreau : During his absence due to injury, Ludovic Butelle get more playing time and played about 10 matches until Landreau returned and he later became the first choice-goalkeeper ever since.
Mickaël Landreau : Landreau was recalled to the French national team in September 2012 by newly appointed manager Didier Deschamps for upcoming 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Finland on 7 September and Belarus on 11 September.
Mickaël Landreau : On 23 December 2012, Landreau signed a six-month contract with the Corsican club SC Bastia.
Mickaël Landreau : In the final of Coupe de la Ligue against Sochaux-Montbéliard, the match was 1–1 and played until the penalty shootout.
Mickaël Landreau : At UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Landreau wore France's number one jersey despite being the third-choice goalkeeper behind Fabien Barthez and Grégory Coupet and unused in both tournaments as a result.
Mickaël Landreau : After the 2009–10 season, Lille OSC made a €2 million (£1.7 million) offer for Landreau who wanted him to replace the veteran goalkeeper Grégory Malicki who left Lille to join Dijon on a free transfer and was the first choice goalkeeper for Lille in the 2008–09 season.
Mickaël Landreau : At his last appearance at PSG in a match against AS Monaco which resulted in a 0–0 draw and his last clean sheet, he thanked the fans for his time at the club and they passed him with a rare standing ovation.
Mickaël Landreau : After the 2007–08 season ended, Landreau had been linked with a move away from the club after Grégory Coupet remained keen to play abroad at PSG, who could replaced him as a first choice goalkeeper.
Fabrizio Guidi : He retired at the end of 2007 season, riding for the British team Barloworld.
Philipp Lahm : The couple have a son, Julian, and a daughter, Lenia.
Philipp Lahm : Guardiola said of Lahm: "[He] is perhaps the most intelligent player I have ever trained in my career.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm is involved in many charity campaigns and events.
Philipp Lahm : During his second season in Stuttgart, Lahm had substantially more difficult time.
Philipp Lahm : Up to this point Lahm played as a defensive midfielder, right midfielder or right full-back.
Philipp Lahm : He criticised the transfer policy of the club and the lack of game philosophy and strategic planning.
Philipp Lahm : He was an ever-present in the German defence that attracted praise from a variety of sources.
Philipp Lahm : In addition he was an ambassador of the 2007, 2008 and 2009 World AIDS Day.
Philipp Lahm : The pressure was enormous after losing in the Champions League final twice."
Philipp Lahm : He has also taken part in a campaign against speeding and various others such as "Bündnis für Kinder", a campaign against child abuse.
Philipp Lahm : He also stated that it's a "pity that being gay in football is still a taboo subject" and he would have no problem with a homosexual teammate and is "not afraid of homosexuals".
Philipp Lahm : He described this as the most important goal of his career and although he was elected "Man of the Match", he himself did not consider this as well-deserved.
Philipp Lahm : After the game, he revealed how happy he was at winning the title, saying "It's incredible – a huge joy and huge relief.
Philipp Lahm : Thereafter he established himself as a regular left back for Stuttgart.
Philipp Lahm : However, Lahm does not advise footballers to publicly admit to being homosexual, because of the abuse they would suffer.
Philipp Lahm : Germany won all three group games against Portugal, Netherlands, and Denmark.
Philipp Lahm : He was awarded Man of the Match for his performance in the second group game against Poland.
Philipp Lahm : On 18 July 2014, Lahm, at the age of 30, announced his retirement from international football.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm started his international career in the U19 national team.
Philipp Lahm : His new contract kept him in Munich through 20 June 2012.
Philipp Lahm : This incident drew mixed reactions from fans and the media, both local and foreign, with some saying that Lahm should have kept his opinions to himself and others praising him for his honesty.
Philipp Lahm : In January 2005, Lahm suffered a stress-fracture on his right foot and was thus sidelined for four months, making his comeback on 9 April 2005, against FC Schalke 04.
Philipp Lahm : However, the season was a poor one for Bayern, leading to the sacking of head coach Jürgen Klinsmann after less than a year in charge.
Philipp Lahm : After the Euro 2004 tournament and the resulting shorter vacation and pre-season training he had difficulties getting off the ground and also in conforming with the tactics and system of the new coach Matthias Sammer.
Philipp Lahm : In July 2005, Lahm returned to Bayern Munich.
Philipp Lahm : Only around five weeks later, he was injured again, this time suffering a torn cruciate ligament which ended his season and simultaneously his career in Stuttgart.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm missed more than a year of international football between January 2005 and March 2006 due to injuries (stress-fracture on foot and a torn cruciate ligament), including the 2005 Confederations Cup, but after his recovery he immediately made it back to the starting line-up.
Philipp Lahm : The team advanced all the way to the semi-finals, where they were defeated by Spain 1–0.
Philipp Lahm : Although Germany did not make it past the group stage, Lahm's performance was considered very promising and many German papers saw this as the sole positive aspect in Germany's lack of accomplishment in the tournament.
Philipp Lahm : Although he was fined and heavily criticised by the club hierarchy, he kept his place in the Bayern starting line-up and went on to have a good season.
Philipp Lahm : Even though he injured his elbow in a friendly game right before the 2006 FIFA World Cup and thus had to wear a special cast on his left arm, Jürgen Klinsmann still chose him as first option for the left back position.
Philipp Lahm : Afterwards he played a few U20 and U21 matches for Germany before impressing Rudi Völler enough to hand the youngster his debut on 18 February 2004, at 20 years of age.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm is considered by many to be one of the best defenders of his generation and one of the greatest defenders of all time and was included in the World Cup team of the tournament in 2006, 2010, and 2014, and the UEFA Team of the Tournament in 2008 and 2012 and in the UEFA Team of the Year 2006, 2008, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
Philipp Lahm : In June 2007, FIFA announced that Lahm and Owen Hargreaves would visit South Africa in advance to support the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Philipp Lahm : In August 2011 at age 27 he released his autobiography, "Der feine Unterschied: Wie man heute Spitzenfußballer wird" (The Subtle Difference – How to Become a Top Footballer), reviewing his football career and personal experiences, the general football environment, football in the social context and the effectiveness of different coaching and training methods.
Philipp Lahm : Germany was eliminated 2–1 by Italy in the semi-finals.
Philipp Lahm : On 2 September 2014, Bastian Schweinsteiger succeeded Lahm as captain of the German national team.
Philipp Lahm : He scored the team's first penalty in the shootout but Bayern finished as runner-up for the second time in three seasons.
Philipp Lahm : However, on 16 May 2008 FC Bayern signed a new contract with Lahm.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm was ever present during Germany's 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign and was the only player to play every single minute.
Philipp Lahm : He was also part of Germany's team in UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal and played full 90 minutes in all three games.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm reverted to right back for the quarter-final against France, and remained there in Germany's 7–1 defeat of Brazil in the semi-final.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm has established a foundation, Philipp Lahm-Stiftung, to support underprivileged children and is also an official ambassador representing "FIFA for SOS Children's Villages".
Philipp Lahm : Due to injuries (both his and Jansen's) he still mainly ended up playing left for Bayern and remained left for the end of the season, although he uttered his wish to play on right several times during the year 2008.
Philipp Lahm : During the whole season there were various rumors suggesting that Lahm would leave Bayern in the summer of 2008 to join FC Barcelona and the transfer seemed to be almost a done deal.
Philipp Lahm : His former amateur coach Hermann Gerland considers Lahm to be the most talented player he has ever coached and made him the captain of the B team during his second season.
Philipp Lahm : On 8 November 2009, Lahm was given the highest fine in the history of Bayern Munich to date (estimated to be over €25,000) after giving an unauthorised interview in the "Süddeutsche Zeitung".
Philipp Lahm : In June 2014, Lahm signed a new contract keeping him at Bayern until 2018.
Philipp Lahm : He was part of the team that won silver for Germany in the 2002 U19 European championship playing in all games in the final tournament and scoring a crucial goal in the 90th minute (2–3) against England in a game that ended 3–3.
Philipp Lahm : He was already considered very talented; one of his coaches, Hermann Hummels, even stated that "If Philipp Lahm will not make it in the Bundesliga, nobody will anymore."
Philipp Lahm : During UEFA Euro 2008 he was in Germany's starting line-up in all games and was only substituted in the final after getting a cut needing stitches on his foot.
Philipp Lahm : The No.1 bestselling book received extensive media attention in Germany, and has been criticized for parts of the book in which he discerningly analyzed his former coaches' work, among the critics were Rudi Völler (himself criticized by Lahm in the book) and Ottmar Hitzfeld.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm did not play in the third-place (bronze) match against Uruguay due to an infection, so in his absence Bastian Schweinsteiger captained the team which won 3–2.
Philipp Lahm : After some difficulties in early games he played one of his best seasons ever, forming an excellent partnership on the right wing with Arjen Robben, scoring one goal and giving 12 assists in all of his games.
Philipp Lahm : On 25 June 2008, he scored the winning goal of the Euro 2008 semi-final against Turkey in the 90th minute.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm's captaincy would later become permanent, when coach Joachim Löw announced that Ballack would not be considered to play for Germany anymore.
Philipp Lahm : Captain Lahm's solid defending helped Germany win all ten qualification matches for UEFA Euro 2012, and he also provided one assist each for Mesut Özil and Mario Gómez.
Philipp Lahm : He joined the team at the age of 11 after a youth coach, Jan Pienta, had scouted him several times while he was playing for the local youth team in his hometown Gern, Munich.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm scored the opening goal in their 4–2 victory over Greece in the quarter-finals.
Philipp Lahm : Following the withdrawal of regular captain Michael Ballack from the 2010 FIFA World Cup squad due to injury, Lahm was chosen to captain the team at the upcoming tournament.
Philipp Lahm : After the departure of captain Mark van Bommel in January 2011, Lahm was made the new captain for the remainder of the 2010–11 season and eventually named club captain.
Philipp Lahm : He was also the only German player to play the complete 690 minutes of the World Cup and was also elected to the All Star Team of the tournament.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm was also chosen as vice-captain by Van Gaal, and played full-time in all of Bayern's competitive matches apart from the first-round game in the DFB-Pokal.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm started the tournament as a right back but replaced the under-performing Jansen as left back midway through the second game.
Philipp Lahm : On 11 July 2014, Lahm was named on the 10-man shortlist for FIFA's Golden Ball award for the tournament's best player.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm was awarded a Tolerantia-Preis on 20 September 2008, due to his outstanding contribution against intolerance and homophobia in sports, particularly in football.
Philipp Lahm : On 29 September 2003, Lahm made his first Champions League appearance as a starter against Manchester United.
Philipp Lahm : However, he still made 16 Bundesliga appearances for Stuttgart before the Christmas break, 14 of them over the full 90 minutes, and six appearances in the UEFA Cup.
Philipp Lahm : He returned to the field at the end of November playing first twice for the B team and thereafter making his first professional Bundesliga appearance for Bayern in November 2005 against Arminia Bielefeld.
Philipp Lahm : From the start of the 2013–14 season, under new manager Pep Guardiola, Lahm has been utilised as a defensive midfielder.
Philipp Lahm : He twice won the Bundesliga youth title, the second time as captain of his team, and then was introduced into the B team at the age of 17.
Philipp Lahm : Philipp Lahm (; born 11 November 1983) is a German retired professional footballer who played as a right back or defensive midfielder and spent much of his early career playing left back.
Philipp Lahm : Although Hargreaves never managed to take part in the trip due to injury, Lahm and German national teammate Piotr Trochowski visited the country taking time not only to visit the 2010 FIFA World Cup organizers but also to visit a local SOS Children's Village and to take part in the Kick-AIDS event.
Philipp Lahm : On 16 June 2014, Lahm started for Germany in central midfield in their first match of the 2014 FIFA World Cup, a 4–0 defeat of Portugal in Salvador, and remained in the position for the other two group games and the round of 16 match against Algeria.
Philipp Lahm : Fritz Walter, Franz Beckenbauer, and Lothar Matthäus had skippered West Germany to the World Cup title.
Philipp Lahm : Barcelona to stay with Bayern as club president Uli Hoeneß promised to build a team that could challenge in Europe.
Philipp Lahm : During the 2009–10 season under the new coach Louis van Gaal, Lahm was able to play in his preferred position as a right back.
Philipp Lahm : However, since Willy Sagnol and Bixente Lizarazu were established as Bayern's first choice full-backs, and the club's midfield was also well-staffed, Lahm made no further appearances during the 2002–03 season and was loaned to VfB Stuttgart for the 2003–04 and 2004–05 seasons to gain first team experience in the Bundesliga.
Philipp Lahm : On 13 July 2014, Lahm led Germany to a World Cup victory, a 1–0 win against Argentina in the final, the fourth time Germany have won the competition and the first for a reunified Germany.
Philipp Lahm : On 6 September 2013, Lahm was awarded his 100th cap for the German national team in a 3–0 win over Austria during qualification for the 2014 World Cup.
Philipp Lahm : Bayern went on to win the league and cup double and reached the 2010 UEFA Champions League Final, where Lahm played 90 minutes at right-back as they lost to Inter Milan 2–0.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm developed into a professional football player within the Bayern Munich Junior Team.
Philipp Lahm : His first game was a 2–1 win over Croatia, where he played the full 90 minutes and was chosen as the man of the match by German football magazine Kicker.
Philipp Lahm : On 13 June 2010, he captained the national team in the opening game of the 2010 FIFA World Cup against Australia, becoming the youngest player to captain a German side in a World Cup tournament.
Philipp Lahm : On 29 June 2008 – in the Euro 2008 final against Spain – on 33 minutes Xavi played a piercing ball through the German defence and a lack of communication between Lahm and German goalkeeper Jens Lehmann allowed Fernando Torres to net the decisive goal in the game; Spain prevailed 1–0 to win its second European Championship title in 44 years.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm was originally signed as a back-up for Andreas Hinkel, who played as right back, but coach Felix Magath moved him to the left back position, on which he toppled the German international Heiko Gerber.
Philipp Lahm : That season brought a new milestone for Lahm and the club, as he captained Bayern to a record 24th Bundesliga title and the earliest league championship in Bundesliga history, retaining the title with seven games to spare, which beat the mark set by the club in the previous season.
Philipp Lahm : For the 2007–08 season, Bayern bought the German international left back Marcell Jansen and Lahm was supposed to revert to right, both to accommodate Jansen and to replace French right back Willy Sagnol.
Philipp Lahm : He was the captain of Bayern Munich, having led them to numerous honours including the 2013 UEFA Champions League as part of the Treble.
Philipp Lahm : On 18 October, he scored the first brace of his career in a 6–0 defeat of SV Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga.
Philipp Lahm : Lahm had his most prolific goalscoring season in 2008–09, scoring three times in the Bundesliga and once in the DFB-Pokal.
Philipp Lahm : In the 2012–13 season, Lahm captained Bayern to an historic treble of the Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and Champions League.
Philipp Lahm : On 26 April 2015, Bayern were confirmed as Bundesliga champions for the third consecutive season, giving Lahm the seventh league championship of his career.
Philipp Lahm : He made his first professional start as a left back on the fourth matchday as a 63rd-minute substitute for Gerber and his first game over the full 90 minutes followed on the sixth matchday against Borussia Dortmund.
Philipp Lahm : On 13 November 2002, Lahm made his debut for the Bayern Munich first team as a 92nd-minute substitute in a 3–3 draw with RC Lens in the group stage of the Champions League.
Philipp Lahm : During the season 2006–07, Lahm played in all of Bayern's 34 Bundesliga games and in nine of the ten Champions League games and was only substituted twice, mainly because Lahm was the only left back in the team but also due to his sufficiently solid performances during a season that was one of the worst for Bayern in many years.
Philipp Lahm : He made his Bundesliga debut on the first day of the season 2003–04 against Hansa Rostock as he came in as a substitute left back in the 76th minute for midfielder Silvio Meissner.
Philipp Lahm : On 28 April 2015, Lahm was one of four Bayern players to miss in a 2–0 penalty shootout defeat to Borussia Dortmund in the DFB-Pokal semi-final.
Philipp Lahm : On 19 May 2012, Lahm captained Bayern in the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final against Chelsea at the Allianz Arena.
Philipp Lahm : On 20 August 2006, in Bayern's first away match of the season, a 2–1 win over VfL Bochum, he scored his first goal for the club.
Philipp Lahm : During the 2005–06 season he appeared for Bayern 20 times in the Bundesliga and thrice in the Champions League, contending over field-time evenly with Bixente Lizarazu.
Philipp Lahm : On 3 April 2004, he scored his first ever Bundesliga goal in a 5–1 away win for Stuttgart against VfL Wolfsburg.
Philipp Lahm : During the 2003–04 season Lahm appeared for Stuttgart in 31 Bundesliga and seven Champions League matches overall and came second in the election for the German footballer of the year.
Carlos Jiménez Villarejo : He collaborates with ATTAC's struggle to abolish money-laundering center.
Carlos Jiménez Villarejo : In 2014 he briefly represented Podemos in the European Parliament.
Carlos Jiménez Villarejo : As a left-wing democrat jurist, he is specialized in the struggle against tax havens.
Carlos Jiménez Villarejo : Carlos Jiménez Villarejo (born 1935 in Málaga) is a former Spanish anti-corruption public prosecutor in office between 2000 and 2004.
Scott Foley : He also produced the sitcom "A.U.S.A.
Scott Foley : Scott Kellerman Foley (born July 15, 1972) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter.
Scott Foley : His father was an international banker, and the family lived in Japan and Australia during Foley's childhood.
Scott Foley : Foley was born in Kansas City, Kansas, the first of three boys for Constance and Hugh Foley.
Scott Foley : In addition, he had a starring role as Sergeant First Class Bob Brown in the CBS military drama "The Unit", during its four-season run, and directed one episode.
Scott Foley : Aside from acting, Foley directed one episode of "Felicity" (called "The Graduate"), one episode of "Monk", called "Mr. Monk and the Employee of the Month", in season 3, and three episodes of "Scandal".
Scott Foley : Foley was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Villain for his role in "Scream 3".
Scott Foley : Foley's breakthrough role was playing Noel Crane on "Felicity".
Thomas Nagel : One is dissolving oneself into distinct person-stages.
Thomas Nagel : Normally people draw a distinction between that which people do and that which people fail to bring about.
Thomas Nagel : One can always be maximally objective but one does not have to be.
Thomas Nagel : Genuine reasons are reasons for anyone.
Thomas Nagel : The strength of the reason ought not to be hostage to the strength of one's current desires.
Thomas Nagel : But it is the reason that does the justificatory work of justifying both the action and the desire.
Thomas Nagel : But this thesis, true of individuals, does not apply to the state, which is a collective agent.
Thomas Nagel : That means, practically, that a timeless and intrinsic value generates reasons for anyone.
Thomas Nagel : One can legitimately "cap" the demands placed on him by the objective reasons of others.
Thomas Nagel : He provides an extended rationale for the importance to people of their personal point of view.
Thomas Nagel : This position was primarily discussed by Nagel in one of his most famous articles: "What is it Like to Be a Bat?"
Thomas Nagel : Nagel is well known for his critique of material reductionist accounts of the mind, particularly in his essay "What Is It Like to Be a Bat?"
Thomas Nagel : If a hurricane were to destroy someone's car next year at that point he will want his insurance company to pay him to replace it: that future reason gives him a reason, now, to take out insurance.
Thomas Nagel : The extent to which one can lead a good life as an individual while respecting the demands of others leads inevitably to political philosophy.
Thomas Nagel : He states that "an organism has conscious mental states if and only if there is something that it is like to "be" that organism—something it is like "for" the organism."
Thomas Nagel : His distinctive ideas were first presented in the short monograph "The Possibility of Altruism," published in 1970.
Thomas Nagel : (1974), and for his contributions to deontological and liberal moral and political theory in "The Possibility of Altruism" (1970) and subsequent writings.
Thomas Nagel : For Nagel, honoring the objective point of view demands nothing less.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy, and, in 2006, was elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Thomas Nagel : That book seeks by reflection on the nature of practical reasoning to uncover the formal principles that underlie reason in practice and the related general beliefs about the self that are necessary for those principles to be truly applicable to us.
Thomas Nagel : A person who denies the truth of this claim is committed, as in the case of a similar mistake about prudence, to a false view of him or herself.
Thomas Nagel : The objective standpoint and its demands have to be balanced with the subjective personal point of view of each person and its demands.
Thomas Nagel : He recommends a gradual move to much more demanding conceptions of equality, motivated by the special nature of political responsibility.
Thomas Nagel : Once again, a false view of what is involved in reasoning properly is refuted by showing that it leads to a false view of the nature of people.
Thomas Nagel : In addition, in his later work, Nagel finds a rationale for so-called deontic constraints in a way Scheffler could not.
Thomas Nagel : When one reasons prudentially, for example about the future reasons that one will have, one allows the reason in the future to justify one's current action without reference to the strength of one's current desires.
Thomas Nagel : Those reasons and values that withstand detached critical scrutiny are objective, but more subjective reasons and values can nevertheless be objectively tolerated.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel calls this "dissociation" and considers it a practical analogue of solipsism (the philosophical idea that only one's own mind is sure to exist).
Thomas Nagel : Following Warren Quinn and Frances Kamm, Nagel grounds them on the inviolability of persons.
Thomas Nagel : The result is a hybrid ethical theory of the kind defended by Nagel's Princeton PhD student Samuel Scheffler in "The Rejection of Consequentialism".
Thomas Nagel : But it is important to get the justificatory relations right: when a person accepts a moral judgment he or she is necessarily motivated to act.
Thomas Nagel : His main areas of philosophical interest are legal philosophy, political philosophy, and ethics.
Thomas Nagel : The most striking claim of the book is that there is a very close parallel between prudential reasoning in one's own interests and moral reasons to act to further the interests of another person.
Thomas Nagel : This is similar to "world agent" consequentialist views in which one takes up the standpoint of a collective subject whose reasons are those of everyone.
Thomas Nagel : In 2008, he was awarded a Rolf Schock Prize for his work in philosophy, the Balzan prize, and the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters from the University of Oxford.
Thomas Nagel : A Rawlsian state permits intolerable inequalities and people need to develop a more ambitious view of equality to do justice to the demands of the objective recognition of the reasons of others.
Thomas Nagel : But Nagel remains an individualist who believes in the separateness of persons so his task is to explain why this objective viewpoint does not swallow up the individual standpoint of each of us.
Thomas Nagel : Rawls's aim to redress, not remove, the inequalities that arise from class and talent seems to Nagel to lead to a view that does not sufficiently respect the needs of others.
Thomas Nagel : According to motivated desire theory, when a person is motivated to moral action it is indeed true that such actions are motivated – like all intentional actions – by a belief and a desire.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel defends motivated desire theory about the motivation of moral action.
Thomas Nagel : Once again, Nagel places such weight on the objective point of view and its requirements that he finds Rawls's view of liberal equality not demanding enough.
Thomas Nagel : This is the basis of his analogy between prudential actions and moral actions: in cases of altruistic action for another person's good that person's reasons quite literally become reasons for one if they are timeless and intrinsic reasons.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel has been highly influential in the related fields of moral and political philosophy.
Thomas Nagel : In the Locke lectures published as the book "Equality and Partiality", Nagel exposes John Rawls's theory of justice to detailed scrutiny.
Thomas Nagel : He received his PhD in philosophy from Harvard University in 1963.
Thomas Nagel : In this case the false view is that one's reasons are irreducibly his, in a way that does not allow them to be reasons for anyone: Nagel argues this commits such a person to the view that he or she cannot make the same judgments about her own reasons third-personally that she can make first-personally.
Thomas Nagel : The structure of Nagel's later ethical view is that all reasons must be brought into relation to this objective view of oneself.
Thomas Nagel : Comparable to the views of the nineteenth century moral philosopher Henry Sidgwick, Nagel believes that one needs to conceive of one's good as an impersonal good and one's reasons as objective reasons.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel taught at the University of California, Berkeley (from 1963 to 1966) and at Princeton University (from 1966 to 1980), where he trained many well-known philosophers including Susan Wolf, Shelly Kagan, and Samuel Scheffler, the latter of whom is now his colleague at NYU.
Thomas Nagel : Nagel contrasts this view with a rival view which believes that a moral agent can only accept that he or she has a reason to act if the desire to carry out the action has an independent justification.
Thomas Nagel : The denial of this view of prudence, Nagel argues, means that one does not really believe that one is one and the same person through time.
Thomas Nagel : Thinking reflectively about ethics from this standpoint, one must take every other agent's standpoint on value as seriously as one's own, since one's own perspective is just a subjective take on an inter-subjective whole; one's personal set of reasons is thus swamped by the objective reasons of all others.
Thomas Nagel : Supervised by John Rawls, Nagel has been a long-standing proponent of a Kantian and rationalist approach to moral philosophy.
Thomas Nagel : Thomas Nagel (; born July 4, 1937) is an American philosopher.
Thomas Nagel : The different classes of reasons and values (i.e., agent-relative and agent-neutral) emphasized in Nagel's later work are situated within a Sidgwickian model in which one's moral commitments are thought of objectively, such that one's personal reasons and values are simply incomplete parts of an impersonal whole.
György Kurtág : 31b and op.
György Kurtág : The critical response was not positive, and his international recognition began to grow only later with "Messages of the Late Miss R.V.
György Kurtág : Kurtág's compositions are often made up of many very brief movements.
György Kurtág : "The novel dimension of his music," the citation continues, “lies not in the material he uses but in its spirit, the authenticity of its language, and the way it crosses borders between spontaneity and reflection, between formalism and expression."
György Kurtág : He married Márta in 1947 and their son György was born in 1954.
György Kurtág : György Kurtág was born in Lugoj in the Banat region of Romania, to Hungarian parents.
György Kurtág : He received the 2014 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the category of Contemporary Music for, in the view of the jury, its "rare expressive intensity".
György Kurtág : György Kurtág (; born 19 February 1926) is a Hungarian classical composer and pianist.
György Kurtág : Most of Kurtág's music is published by Editio Musica Budapest, some by Universal Edition, Vienna, and some by Boosey & Hawkes, London.
György Kurtág : He was an academic teacher of piano at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music from 1967, later also of chamber music, and taught until 1993.
Juan Magán : In that same year, he became a naturalized Dominican citizen.
Juan Magán : He also featured in a Don Omar single, Ella No Sigue Modas.
Juan Magán : Magán received a Latin Grammy nomination for Best New Artist in 2012.
Juan Magán : In 2010, he made a feature on the single made by Inna, called "Un Momento".
Juan Magán : In 2015, he designed a summer hit entitled "He llorado" with Gente de Zona.
Juan Magán : Juan Manuel Magán González (born 30 September 1978) is a Spanish producer, singer, remixer and DJ of electronic dance music, recognized internationally for his contributions to the "Electro Latino" category of music.
Juan Magán : In 2011, a new version of "Bailando Por Ahi" is released, renamed 'Bailando Por el Mundo" with Pitbull and El Cata.
Juan Magán : In October 2016, he released a new Album called "Quiero Que Sepas."
Juan Magán : As a remixer, he has worked with the following artists, among others: Selena, Don Omar, Paulina Rubio, Juanes, Nelly Furtado, Dulce María, Pitbull, Michael Gray, Milk & Sugar, Bob Sinclar, Gary Nesta Pine, Ian Oliver, Azzido da Bass, Jerry Ropero, E Smoove, Barbara Muñoz, Pier Bucci, Tara McDonald and INNA.
William Zabka : Zabka also appeared in several episodes of the sitcom's ninth season.
William Zabka : In 2004, he was nominated for an Academy Award for co-writing and producing the short film "Most".
William Zabka : William Michael “Billy” Zabka (; born October 20, 1965) is an American actor, screenwriter, director and producer.
William Zabka : Zabka was born in New York City, the son of Nancy (Heimert) Zabka, business liaison, producer, and production assistant, and Stanley William Zabka, a director, writer and composer.
William Zabka : In 2013, Zabka, along with Macchio, guest starred in the season 8 episode of "How I Met Your Mother", "The Bro Mitzvah".
William Zabka : His father was assistant director of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" during the first two years of Carson's tenure, and worked as production manager on a number of motion pictures, including the Chuck Norris film "Forced Vengeance" (1982).
William Zabka : He is best known for his roles in several iconic 1980s films, such as his role as Johnny Lawrence in "The Karate Kid" (1984) and "The Karate Kid Part II" (1986), and the spin-off TV series "Cobra Kai" (2018–present).
Toshio Takabayashi : He played 12 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1976.
Marcin Matkowski : Marcin Matkowski (; born 15 January 1981) is a Polish professional tennis player whose speciality is in doubles.
Enzo Trossero : Enzo Héctor Trossero (born 23 May 1953), nicknamed "El Vikingo" (the Viking), is an Argentine footballer and coach.
Enzo Trossero : He had great attacking prowess for a defender, he scored 55 goals in 308 games during his time with Independiente.
Enzo Trossero : During his coaching career he has coached Club Atlético Huracán, Talleres de Córdoba, and his former club Independiente de Avellaneda.
Enzo Trossero : In this team he had two phases: from 1975 to 1979, when he was transferred to FC Nantes Atlantique of France, and from 1981 to 1985.
Enzo Trossero : On 4 November 2009 Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba officials have hired the coach to replace Diego Cocca, Trossero recently quit Saudi Arabian club Al Shabab.
Enzo Trossero : During that time he won three Argentine titles (1977–78 and 1983), a Copa Libertadores (1984) and an Intercontinental Cup (1984).
Enzo Trossero : He coached in Guatemala with CSD Municipal and won the UNCAF Club Tournament and a record 5 straight league championships.
Joel Aguilar : Aguilar was named as one of the match referees for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Joel Aguilar : He has been a FIFA listed international referee since 2002.
Joel Aguilar : On January 22, 2016, he was named CONCACAF 2015 Male Referee of the Year.
Joel Aguilar : Joel Antonio Aguilar Chicas (born July 2, 1975) is a Salvadoran football referee.
Joel Aguilar : Aguilar was selected as a referee for the first leg of the 2011 CONCACAF Champions League Final, contested by Rayados de Monterrey and Real Salt Lake in Monterrey, Mexico.
Joel Aguilar : Aguilar was selected as a referee for the 2007 FIFA Under-20 World Cup in Canada, where he refereed the matches between the United States and South Korea on June 30, 2007, New Zealand and Gambia on July 5, 2007, and Austria and Chile on July 8, 2007.
John Kocinski : He is currently a property developer in Beverly Hills, California.
John Kocinski : He would also place fifth at 1988 250cc Japanese Grand Prix.
John Kocinski : Points system from 1988 to 1992:
John Kocinski : Points system from 1993 onwards:
John Kocinski : He joined the factory Castrol Honda squad for 1997, and won the title with nine wins and seven podium finishes.
John Kocinski : He won Cagiva's first ever dry-weather 500cc win at Laguna Seca, and came 11th overall with only four appearances.
John Kocinski : He was a full-time 500cc racer for the next two years, finishing fourth and third in the championship and winning the final round in both seasons.
John Kocinski : In 1988, he won the pole position at the 250cc US Grand Prix and finished the race in fourth place.
John Kocinski : After Cagiva pulled out of Grand Prix racing, Kocinski concentrated on becoming a professional water skier.
John Kocinski : He opened 1994 with a win in Australia and finished the season in third place.
John Kocinski : He won the AMA 250 Grand Prix Championship every year from 1987 to 1989, and won the 1989 Supersport race at Daytona having started 53rd in a field of 80 riders.
John Kocinski : Kocinski came back to world-level motorcycle racing in 1996 when he joined the World Superbike series on a factory Ducati and came close to winning the title in his first attempt, despite falling out with Ducati during the year.
John Kocinski : He raced at home in AMA National championship in 2000 for Vance & Hines Ducati, and tested for Yamaha for the next two years before retiring.
John Kocinski : In 1990 he raced in four different championships, but the highlight was winning the 250cc World Championship in his first full season on a Team Roberts Yamaha YZR250.
John Kocinski : Kocinski started 1993 in 250s, taking Suzuki's first-ever podium at this level, but switched back to 500cc mid-season after falling out with the Suzuki team.
John Kocinski : He returned to the 500cc world championship in 1998 with Sito Pons' Movistar Honda team, and the following year in 1999 riding for Erv Kanemoto's sponsorless team but failed to win a race.
Leonid Kuchma : Critics also blamed Kuchma for restrictions on press freedom.
Leonid Kuchma : From 1990 to 1992, Kuchma was a member of the Verkhovna Rada (Ukraine's parliament).
Leonid Kuchma : From July 2014 until October 2018, Kuchma was a special presidential representative of Ukraine at the semi-official peace talks regarding the ongoing War in Donbass.
Leonid Kuchma : In 1992 he was appointed as Prime Minister of Ukraine.
Leonid Kuchma : Leonid Danylovych Kuchma (; born 9 August 1938) is a Ukrainian politician who was the second President of independent Ukraine from 19 July 1994 to 23 January 2005.
Leonid Kuchma : He was re-elected into parliament in 1994.
Leonid Kuchma : Kuchma endorsed Yanukovych for president in 2010.
Leonid Kuchma : After graduation, Kuchma worked in the field of aerospace engineering for the Yuzhnoye Design Bureau in Dnipropetrovsk.
Scott Shriner : He took up bass in high school.
Scott Shriner : Shriner was born in Toledo, Ohio.
Scott Shriner : On November 9, 2005, Shriner married Jillian Lauren, author and former member of the harem of Prince Jefri Bolkiah of Brunei, in Hawaii.
Scott Shriner : In 2005, he sang lead vocals on Weezer songs "In the Garage," "Dope Nose," and "Fall Together."
Scott Shriner : In his first show with Weezer, the 2001 KROQ-FM Inland Invasion, he was attacked by a man later found out to be a friend of his, yet continued to play on as security guards pried the guy off his back.
Scott Shriner : He is a fan of Elvis Costello, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, and Black Sabbath.
Scott Shriner : Scott Gardner Shriner (born July 11, 1965) is an American musician best known as a member of the rock band Weezer, with whom he has recorded ten studio albums.
Scott Shriner : After being discharged from the Marine Corps, he found his high school bass teacher Mark Kieswetter, with whom he studied until moving to Los Angeles in 1989.
Scott Shriner : He has also played shows with Patrick Wilson's band The Special Goodness.
Scott Shriner : He has appeared on ten of Weezer's thirteen studio albums: "Maladroit", "Make Believe", "Weezer (The Red Album)", "Raditude", "Hurley", "Everything Will Be Alright in the End", "Weezer (The White Album)", "Pacific Daydream (2017 Weezer)", "Weezer (The Teal Album)", and "Weezer" ("The Black Album)" (2019).
Scott Shriner : In 2001, Shriner joined Weezer on a provisional basis, following the sudden departure of bass guitarist Mikey Welsh, who had left the band due to personal reasons.
Scott Shriner : He guest-starred with the band The Scrantones at the 2007 The Office convention.
Scott Shriner : On the band's 2008 Troublemaker Tour, he sang "Perfect Situation" and "My Name is Jonas," which he sings in a three-way lead vocal second, with Patrick Wilson and Rivers Cuomo singing lead vocals first and last respectively.
Scott Shriner : While in Toledo, Shriner and his best friend Rob Weaver started a band called The Seventh Wave with former Newles members Bob Schramm and Bill Whitman.
Scott Shriner : Shriner moved to Los Angeles, California at the age of 25 to attend Musicians Institute and went on to play in several bands including Broken, Bomber, Black Elvis, Mystery Train, Electric Love Hogs, Crown and, most notably, Vanilla Ice's backing band, in support of the rapper's nu metal album "Hard to Swallow".
Scott Shriner : In 2008, during the band's Hootenanny Tour, he sang lead vocals on a cover of "Creep" by Radiohead.
Scott Shriner : On Weezer's third self-titled album, he co-wrote and sang lead vocals on "Cold Dark World," sang lead vocals on "King" (a deluxe edition track), and sang most of the lead vocals for the band's covers of "The Weight" by The Band and "Oddfellows Local 151" by R.E.M.
Andrew Parrott : From 2001 to 2010 Parrott was music director of the New York Collegium in New York City, New York.
Andrew Parrott : He conducts a wide range of repertoire, including contemporary music.
Andrew Parrott : He was music director of the London Mozart Players for several years until September 2006.
Andrew Parrott : He has also recorded new music by other modern British composers (including John Tavener), and by Vladimír Godár.
Andrew Parrott : Parrott has published several articles on Bach, Monteverdi and Purcell, is co-editor of the "New Oxford Book of Carols" and author of "The Essential Bach Choir", which was informed by his work with Joshua Rifkin on one-voice-per-part performance of Bach's vocal works.
Andrew Parrott : Andrew Parrott (born 10 March 1947) is a British conductor, perhaps best known for his pioneering "historically informed performances" of pre-classical music.
Andrew Parrott : He conducted the premiere of Judith Weir's "A Night at the Chinese Opera" (as well as its first recording).
Sergio Bianchetto : Sergio Bianchetto (born 16 February 1939) is a retired Italian track cyclist.
Luke Gallows : in a rematch.
Luke Gallows : Gallows went on to lose the match.
Luke Gallows : The following week, however, Serena was forgiven by Punk for her actions, as they embraced, but Gallows did not approve.
Luke Gallows : On December 8, Gallows and Anderson first defeated G.B.H.
Luke Gallows : On June 21, 2012, Hankinson wrestled another tryout dark match for TNA.
Luke Gallows : On January 29, 2011, he lost to ECW Original Tommy Dreamer in a hardcore match at a National Wrestling Superstars (NWS) event in New Jersey.
Luke Gallows : On September 4, Hankinson confirmed that he had signed a contract with the promotion.
Luke Gallows : One night later, however, the storyline was abruptly ended when the original Kane attacked the Imposter Kane, removed his mask, and threw him out of the building.
Luke Gallows : On the December 11 episode of "SmackDown!
Luke Gallows : afterwards put Sting through a table, before beating him with a ball-peen hammer.
Luke Gallows : On June 2, 2007, however, it was reported that WWE was dropping the "Dalton Boys" gimmick.
Luke Gallows : In the round-robin portion of the tournament, which ran from November 24 to December 7, Gallows and Anderson finished with a record of four wins and two losses, winning their block and advancing to the semifinals.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson began working TNA house shows as a masked member of the Aces & Eights stable in September 2012.
Luke Gallows : Festus received his first loss when he wrestled against World Heavyweight Champion The Undertaker on the April 11 episode of "SmackDown!
Luke Gallows : On June 14, 2011, Hankinson wrestled a tryout dark match for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), in which he was defeated by Gunner.
Luke Gallows : In August, he got involved in a storyline with The Bag Lady, who acted as his valet and love interest.
Luke Gallows : There G-Rilla sat accidentally over Willow, which killed the spider and sent its owner into a mental breakdown.
Luke Gallows : Gallows and Anderson made their first successful title defense on February 9 at The New Beginning in Hiroshima, defeating K.E.S.
Luke Gallows : At WrestleMania XXVI Luke Gallows competed in a dark 30-man battle royal, which was won by Yoshi Tatsu.
Luke Gallows : He adopted the gimmick of a deranged, facepaint-wearing wrestler who came to the ring with a pet spider named Willow, whom he sometimes spoke to.
Luke Gallows : was defeated by Kurt Angle which ended By disqualification when Aces & Eights attacked Angle.
Luke Gallows : It was later revealed that Quintin Michaels had captured Willow and used it to blackmail Deacon into leaving, but he later got his pet back, regaining his freedom.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson was unmasked and revealed as a member of the Aces & Eights on the November 1 episode of "Impact Wrestling".
Luke Gallows : ", a vignette aired suggesting that Hankinson would be repackaged as Festus Dalton as part of a tag team using a Southern gimmick, alongside fellow WWE developmental talent Ray Gordy.
Luke Gallows : Gallows returned to New Japan on January 4, 2014, at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, where he and Anderson defeated K.E.S.
Luke Gallows : (Davey Boy Smith, Jr. and Lance Archer) to become the new IWGP Tag Team Champions.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson was then renamed "Festus" while Gordy was dubbed "Jesse", and on the June 29, 2007, episode of "SmackDown!
Luke Gallows : From July 21 to August 8, Gallows took part in the 2014 G1 Climax, where he finished ninth out of the eleven wrestlers in his block with a record of four wins and six losses.
Luke Gallows : On the July 2 tapings of "SmackDown", after a match between Luke Gallows and Kane, a security video was shown by Serena of her being caught drinking in a bar by Punk on the same day of The Undertaker's attack proving The Straight Edge Society's innocence in order to save Punk.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson returned to Deep South Wrestling, in addition to appearing at SmackDown!
Luke Gallows : Hankinson began his career in West Virginia with Mason-Dixon Wrestling and in Pennsylvania with the World Star Wrestling Federation (AWA/World Star Wrestling), Summit Wrestling Association of Southern Pennsylvania, and Maryland-based promotions National Wrestling League and the Eastern Wrestling Alliance, wrestling as Dorian Deville, and for West Virginia's Championship Pro Wrestling as the masked wrestler Dargon.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson wrestled on December 3, 2010 as "Keith Hanson", at an Inoki Genome Federation (IGF) event, where he defeated The Predator.
Luke Gallows : In December 2011, Hankinson took part in TNA's India project, Ring Ka King, under the ring name "The Outlaw" Isaiah Cash.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson wrestled in DSW as Dorian "Deacon" Deville before changing his ring name to The Freakin' Deacon.
Luke Gallows : Hankinson and Gordy had actually been sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling, where Hankinson changed his name to "Justice Dalton".
Luke Gallows : Gallows and Anderson's third successful defense took place just seven days later, during New Japan's trip to Taiwan, when they defeated Hirooki Goto and Captain Taiwan.
Luke Gallows : On June 21 at Dominion 6.21, Gallows and Anderson made their fifth successful defense against Ace to King (Hiroshi Tanahashi and Togi Makabe).
Luke Gallows : (Togi Makabe and Tomoaki Honma) in the semifinals and then Tencozy (Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Satoshi Kojima) in the finals to win the 2013 World Tag League and earn a shot at the IWGP Tag Team Championship.
Luke Gallows : Doc Gallows made his New Japan debut on November 23, when he and Anderson defeated Bushi and Kota Ibushi in a non-tournament match, with Gallows pinning Bushi for the win.
Luke Gallows : Andrew William Hankinson (born December 22, 1983) is an American professional wrestler and promoter, He is currently signed with WWE on the Raw brand under the ring name Luke Gallows as part of The O.C.
Luke Gallows : teamed with Devon and two masked members of Aces & Eights in a losing effort to Kurt Angle, Garett Bischoff, Samoa Joe, and Wes Brisco.
Luke Gallows : On November 11, 2013, New Japan Pro-Wrestling announced Hankinson as a participant in the 2013 World Tag League, where he would be teaming with Karl Anderson as part of Bullet Club.
Luke Gallows : However, in March 2007 Deacon was beaten up with steel chairs by Neikirk and Knox and needed to be carried to the hospital by G-Rilla.
Luke Gallows : On September 21 at Destruction in Kobe, Gallows and Anderson made their sixth successful title defense against Kazuchika Okada and Yoshi-Hashi.
Luke Gallows : Their second defense took place on April 6 at Invasion Attack 2014, where they defeated Hirooki Goto and Katsuyori Shibata.
Tommie Smith : Only America thought it was bad."
Tommie Smith : This threat led to the expulsion of the two athletes from the Games.
Tommie Smith : During the 1969 season, he played in two games, catching one pass for 41 yards.
Tommie Smith : After his track and football careers, he became a member of the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1978.
Tommie Smith : Tommie Smith was born on June 6, 1944, in Clarksville, Texas, the seventh of twelve children born to Richard and Dora Smith.
Tommie Smith : In 2010, Smith put his gold medal and spikes up for auction.
Tommie Smith : In support, Peter Norman, the silver medalist who was a white athlete from Australia, participated in the protest by wearing an OPHR badge.
Tommie Smith : At the 1968 Summer Olympics, Smith, aged 24, won the 200-meter sprint finals and gold medal in 19.83 seconds – the first time the 20-second barrier was broken legally.
Mustapha Hadji : Mustapha Hadji (born 16 November 1971) is a retired Moroccan footballer and the current assistant manager of the Morocco national team.
Olli Rehn : Olli Ilmari Rehn (; born 31 March 1962) is a Finnish politician serving as Governor of the Bank of Finland since 2018.
Olli Rehn : Rehn presided over the accession of Bulgaria and Romania in 2007, as well as continuing negotiations with Croatia and opening them with Turkey, the latter being perhaps the most significant and the most hotly debated future accession.
Olli Rehn : In 1988 Rehn was elected as a city councillor in Helsinki.
Olli Rehn : A member of the Centre Party, he served as Minister of Economic Affairs in Juha Sipilä's cabinet from 2015 until 2016, the European Commissioner for Enlargement from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro from 2010 to 2014.
Olli Rehn : Rehn also played football for his hometown club Mikkelin Palloilijat in Finland's top division "Mestaruussarja" (now Veikkausliiga) in his youth.
Olli Rehn : Born in Mikkeli in Eastern Finland, Rehn studied economics, international relations, and journalism at Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota, in the United States.
Olli Rehn : From 1998 to 2002 Rehn ran the office of Erkki Liikanen, Finland's representative on the Prodi Commission.
Olli Rehn : He was vice president of the Centre Party from 1988 to 1994, having been president of its youth wing from 1987.
Olli Rehn : He left the Finnish Parliament in 1995 to become an MEP, aligned to the liberal group.
Olli Rehn : Elected to the Finnish Parliament in 1991, Rehn led the Finnish delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, and was a special adviser to the Finnish Prime Minister Esko Aho from 1992 to 1993.
Tommy Aldridge : Tommy Aldridge (born August 15, 1950) is an American heavy metal and hard rock drummer.
Tommy Aldridge : Aldridge and Sarzo performed on the band's follow-up album, "Slip of the Tongue", released in 1989.
Tommy Aldridge : Aldridge spent 1978 to 1981 with the Pat Travers Band, recording five albums over that time.
Tommy Aldridge : He subsequently recorded several albums with the band between 1972 and 1976 and toured extensively.
Tommy Aldridge : Aldridge is noted for his work with numerous bands and artists since the 1970s, such as Black Oak Arkansas, Pat Travers Band, Ozzy Osbourne, Gary Moore, Whitesnake, Ted Nugent, Thin Lizzy, Vinnie Moore and Yngwie Malmsteen.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : That's true.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović has two siblings and three half-siblings.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : I want to win the double."
Zlatan Ibrahimović : I am here to win and nothing else."
Zlatan Ibrahimović : "I yelled: 'You haven't got any balls!'
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His salary was reported to be £200,000 per week.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : and worse than that I added: 'You can go to hell!'
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He signed a four-year deal immediately after successfully passing the medical examinations.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : I am very happy because it is a project that I want to be involved in.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : All agreements between Milan and Barcelona were confirmed on 18 June 2011.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : I completely lost it, and you might have expected Guardiola to say a few words in response, but he's a spineless coward.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He just [...] left, never to mention it again, not a word."
Zlatan Ibrahimović : It was also announced that he would be wearing number 10 in his second season with the team.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : I have moved here to win the Champions League with Milan.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His nine-minute hat-trick was the fastest in Ligue 1 history.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He wears the Nike Mercurial boot line and has the names and dates of birth of his sons embedded onto the external sides of his boots.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In January 2013, Ibrahimović was handed the number 10 jersey after the departure of Brazilian winger Nenê.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He won his first "Scudetto" with Milan after a draw against Roma.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 20 January, he was selected in the 2009 UEFA Team of the Year.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : As 2012 started, he scored against Atalanta converting a penalty kick.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He was handed the number 9 jersey ahead of the 2016–17 season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Upon signing, Ibrahimović said, "This move gives me more adrenaline.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : After the regular and extra time had finished in a draw, the match went to a penalty shootout where he successfully converted his penalty attempt.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The name "Zlatan" was trademarked in May 2003 at the Swedish Patent and Registration Office for "most likely being perceived as Zlatan Ibrahimović", which meant that he received exclusive rights to the name for certain products, including sporting goods, clothing, and shoes.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He is one of the most decorated active footballers in the world, having won 31 trophies in his career.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The following day, Ibrahimović signed the contract and made the following statement during the press conference: "It is a big step in my career and another dream come true.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The home team argued that the ball had not crossed the line, and fans threw objects onto the pitch, disrupting play for ten minutes.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Despite the victory, Sweden were knocked out of the competition in the group stage.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He represented Sweden at the 2002 and 2006 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 UEFA European Championships.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Later that day, he announced he would be leaving PSG at the end of the season, while joking that only if they replaced the Eiffel Tower with a statue of himself would he stay.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : At Ajax, Ibrahimović gained a reputation as one of the most promising forwards in Europe, and departed two years later to sign for Juventus.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The following season was poor compared to his first season; his role in Juventus' attack changed, as he became less of a goalscorer and moved more to the sidelines, taking much part in the build-up play, especially as a target player, and his assist numbers increased.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Within days of the match, he was compared to Milan legend Marco van Basten by both the media and Van Basten himself.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Later in June, Ibrahimović blamed the Swedish media for his World Cup absence.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The film has been featured at several film festivals including the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam, Helsinki Documentary Film Festival and the Rouen Nordic Film Festival amongst others.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Though none of the players consumed any alcohol, they were nonetheless all sent home by manager Lars Lagerbäck as punishment and did not take part in the match.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The goal was later voted Goal of the Year in Serie A.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Known for his extroverted personality, he has been criticized for his arrogance, aggression and rebellious character.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović was born in Malmö, Sweden, on 3 October 1981.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His longtime partner is Helena Seger with whom he has two sons: Maximilian (born 22 September 2006) and Vincent (born 6 March 2008).
Zlatan Ibrahimović : PSG drew 2–2 after extra time to qualify for the quarter-finals on away goals.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He has been awarded "Guldbollen" ("the Golden Ball"), given to the Swedish player of the year, a record 11 times, including 10 consecutive times from 2007 to 2016.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In December, Ibrahimović scored a goal in each of five Serie A games.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His next goals came in the form of a hat-trick against Finland, whom they beat 5–0.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : PSG, however, were knocked out on away goals after drawing 1–1 at Camp Nou in the second leg.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 20 April, Ibrahimović sustained serious ligament damage in his right knee in a Europa League quarter-final against Anderlecht at Old Trafford.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The first goal was a penalty which he won when fouled by Sébastien Squillaci, resulting in the Bastia defender's dismissal.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He ended November with a brace against Chievo, the first of those tallies brought his Serie A career total to 100 goals.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 20 May, he was named as Ligue 1's Player of the Year by the Union nationale des footballeurs professionnels (UNFP).
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 15 September, he scored his 500th professional career goal for club and country with another acrobatic strike in a 5–3 away defeat against Toronto FC.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović is under contract with Nike and features in their television advertising where he has appeared alongside other players in the Nike stable including Cristiano Ronaldo, Neymar and Wayne Rooney.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His three-year contract would see him receive a net annual salary of €14 million including bonuses (which would be €2 million more than what he was earning per year just before he left Milan), and make him the second best paid footballer in the world behind Samuel Eto'o.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : His father was born in Bijeljina (in modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina), and his mother in the village of Prkos in Škabrnja, in the SFR Yugoslavia (modern-day Croatia).
Zlatan Ibrahimović : At the age of 15, Ibrahimović was close to quitting his football career, in favour of working at the docks in Malmö, but his manager convinced him to continue playing.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović was awarded the 2007 Swedish Golden Ball as the "Country's Top Player of the Year".
Zlatan Ibrahimović : With this he reached 515 career goals, overtaking fellow countryman Gunnar Nordahl to become the Swedish player with most goals in history.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Although Sweden suffered a group stage elimination, Ibrahimović was named to the Team of the Tournament for his performances.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović started his third Inter season by winning the Supercoppa Italiana against Roma.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In 2016, he joined Manchester United on a free transfer and won the FA Community Shield, Football League Cup and UEFA Europa League in his first season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The league match was stopped briefly in the tenth minute as fans gave Ibrahimović – whose PSG shirt was number 10 – a standing ovation.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored the team's third goal in a 5–0 win, a result that confirmed PSG's qualification to the knockout stage of the competition.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He finished the season as Serie A top scorer with 28 goals in 32 matches.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the quarter-finals against the Netherlands, he missed a penalty in the resulting shoot-out following a 0–0 draw after extra-time, as Sweden were eliminated from the competition.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Sweden and Denmark subsequently sealed a place in the knockout round on direct encounters following a 2–2 draw in their final group match, despite a three-way five-point tie with Italy, with Sweden topping the group.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He is the country's all-time leading goalscorer with 62 goals.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Later on 13 April, Ibrahimović was included in the six player shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : A versatile and well-rounded footballer, from a tactical standpoint, Ibrahimović is capable of playing anywhere along the front line, due to his ability to both create and score goals for his team, although he is most often deployed as a striker, due to his composure and eye for goal.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Zlatan Ibrahimović (, ; born 3 October 1981) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Milan.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In 2007, he signed a new contract until June 2013; it was reported that this contract had made him the world's highest paid footballer.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Overall, he scored 17 goals in 26 league matches, and was named both Serie A Footballer of the Year and Serie A Foreign Footballer of the Year.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ahead of the Euro 2012 qualification, Ibrahimović was named team captain on his return to the national team by manager Erik Hamrén.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović began his career at Malmö FF in 1999, and signed for Ajax two years later.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : With this goal, he became the 14th player to score 50 or more goals in UEFA club competitions.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In spite of his size and physique, Ibrahimović possesses excellent technique and ball control, which, coupled with his balance, power, and physicality, enables him to hold up the ball well with his back to goal, retain possession, and link up with other players; he has also been praised by pundits for his creativity and dribbling skills.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In October 2015, he became PSG's all time leading goalscorer at the time.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : This was Ibrahimović's 116th appearance in the Champions League, meaning that he overtook Carles Puyol to enter the competition's all-time top ten appearance makers.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : November saw him score in consecutive games against BATE, in the Champions League, and Catania, in the league.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Arsène Wenger unsuccessfully tried to persuade Ibrahimović to join Arsenal, while Leo Beenhakker (the technical director of Ajax) also expressed interest in the player after watching him in a friendly against Norwegian side Moss FK.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 8 October, Ibrahimović became only the third player (after Ronaldinho and Laurent Blanc) to have played in "El Clásico" in Spain, the "Derby della Madonnina" in Italy and "Le Classique", the derby between Marseille and PSG.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 24 August 2017, it was announced that Ibrahimović had signed a new one-year contract with Manchester United.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Three days later, he scored twice as PSG defeated Bastia 4–0 in the 2015 Coupe de la Ligue Final.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The names were in reference to their father's "I came like a king, left like a legend" post on social media before the match.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : After his match-winning performance, Ibrahimović said, "I heard the crowd saying 'We want Zlatan, we want Zlatan', so I gave them Zlatan."
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored a penalty in a 4–0 win against Columbus Crew on 8 July.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 22 March 2018, Manchester United announced that Ibrahimović had agreed to the termination of his contract.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the following match against Italy on 18 June, he scored an 85th-minute equaliser with a back-heel lob to seal a 1–1 draw and was named Man of the Match; the goal was later named the best goal of the tournament.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Sweden qualified for UEFA Euro 2004 as group winners, with Ibrahimović scoring three goals throughout the qualifying campaign.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored his first goals of the qualifying game against San Marino, where he scored the first and fifth goals in a 6–0 win in front of over 21,000 home fans despite being down to ten men for over an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović has been described by ESPN as being "good in the air, quick, tall, strong and agile, he plays well with his back to goal and boasts some of the best finishing, vision, passing and ball control around."
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He was born to a Muslim Bosniak father, Šefik Ibrahimović, who emigrated to Sweden in 1977, and a Catholic Croat mother, Jurka Gravić, who also emigrated to Sweden where the couple first met.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He alternated between FBK Balkan, a Malmö club founded by Yugoslav immigrants, Malmö BI and briefly BK Flagg football clubs.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Overall, he scored 41 goals in all competitions, including ten in eight Champions League matches.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the opening 2012–13 Champions League Group A match against Dynamo Kyiv on 18 September 2012, Ibrahimović scored his sixth goal in only his fifth appearance for Carlo Ancelotti's side through a penalty.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Independent Swedish film production company Auto Images released the sports documentary "Becoming Zlatan" in February 2016 which follows Ibrahimović through his formative years with Malmö FF and Ajax all the way to his breakthrough with Juventus in 2005.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović left Inter during their United States summer tour in the World Football Challenge on 23 July 2009 for negotiations with Barcelona, with his last match for Inter being against Chelsea.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 23 March 2018, Ibrahimović signed for Major League Soccer (MLS) club LA Galaxy.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The following week, he became the first ever player to feature for seven clubs in the Champions League when he came on as a substitute in a 1–0 loss to Basel.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He continued with his solid performances as he scored in a 4–1 home win against Parma and a brace in the team's 3–2 away victory over Roma, ending a successful month of October.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored his team's only goal in the 2008–09 Serie A opening match against Sampdoria, which finished in a 1–1 draw.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the next fixture, Ibrahimović provided the assist on the only goal in the "Derby d'Italia" match against Juventus at home, helping Inter to extend their league lead.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović made his return for the club on 18 November, replacing Anthony Martial as a substitute in a 4–1 home win against Newcastle United.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Following Barcelona's semi-final defeat to Inter Milan in the Champions League, Ibrahimović spoke of how he confronted his coach Pep Guardiola in the changing room.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 25 November, Ibrahimović captained PSG on his return to hometown club Malmö FF in the group stage of the 2015–16 Champions League.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : They had run onto the pitch moments earlier, wearing number 10 PSG shirts with either the word "King" or "Legend" written in English on the back.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He ended the year as Ligue 1's top goalscorer with 30 goals, becoming the first player to reach that mark in the French top flight since Jean-Pierre Papin in the 1989–90 season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 11 December 2012, he scored a hat-trick in a 4–0 away win against Valenciennes.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In April 2013, Ibrahimović scored in a 2–2 draw against his former club Barcelona in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 17 July 2012, Paris Saint-Germain confirmed that they had reached an agreement to acquire the sporting and economic rights of Ibrahimović from Milan, having already agreed personal terms with the striker, for a transfer fee of €20 million.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He made his debut on 31 March, as a substitute against Los Angeles FC in the inaugural El Tráfico derby, where he scored twice, including a half volley and a header in stoppage time that led to the Galaxy winning 4–3.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 5 September 2009, he scored a last second goal in Ferenc Puskás Stadium against Hungary in a 2–1 win for Sweden in their qualification match, although Sweden ultimately failed to qualify for the tournament, finishing third in their qualifying group.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 5 January 2012 in a match against Napoli, he was shown a red card for slapping Salvatore Aronica in an off-the-ball incident, and was given yet another three-match ban from Serie A games.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Four days later, Ibrahimović netted twice during the 4–1 home win over Reims, taking his tally up to 23 league goals; he also set up the goals of Edinson Cavani and Gregory van der Wiel.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Later in the month against Barcelona in another Champions League tie, Ibrahimović scored against his old club to equalise the game at 1–1.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Four days later, he scored four times in a 9–0 win at bottom team Troyes that sealed PSG's league conquest with eight games remaining; his hat-trick goal was his 100th in the league.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He made his debut for Sweden in a 0–0 friendly draw against the Faroe Islands at Tipshallen on 31 January 2001 during the 2000–01 Nordic Football Championship.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović scored his 12th league goal to help his side defeat Philadelphia Union with a 3–1 victory on 22 July.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Nine days later, he scored a hat-trick in a 3–0 win over Lorient at the Parc des Princes.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 8 May 2016, Ibrahimović was named UNFP Ligue 1 Player of the Season for the third consecutive year.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović received a three-match ban after being shown a red card in a 1–1 home draw against Bari in March 2011 for punching Bari defender Marco Rossi in the stomach.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović ended the 2015–16 Ligue 1 season as its top scorer, the third time that he had done so.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the first league match of the season, Ibrahimović scored twice but also missed an open net and had a penalty saved as PSG drew 2–2 with Reims.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : The new staff tried to persuade Ibrahimović and other top players to stay with Juventus, but the player and his agent were adamant to move on, with Raiola threatening legal action in order to extricate Ibrahimović from his contract.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović was called up for a Euro 2008 qualifier against Liechtenstein on 6 September 2006, but two days before the match, he violated team curfew by leaving the hotel with teammates Christian Wilhelmsson and Olof Mellberg, visiting a nightclub.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 11 March, Ibrahimović received a straight red card in a Champions League round of 16 match against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, for a foul on Oscar.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović is widely regarded as one of the best strikers of his generation.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 20 November, he scored his seventh goal against Fiorentina in the 45th minute with an over-the-head bicycle kick, passing Alexandre Pato as the team's top goalscorer for the season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored his first Champions League goal of the season on 28 September in a 2–0 home win against Viktoria Plzeň, which was followed by another one on 19 October against BATE Borisov in another 2–0 home win.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : At the Euro 2012 finals, Ibrahimović scored the opening goal in Sweden's first game of the tournament, a 2–1 defeat against hosts Ukraine.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In Sweden's opening group match of Euro 2004 against Bulgaria on 14 June, Ibrahimović assisted one of Freddie Ljungberg's goals and later scored from a penalty in a 5–0 win.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He then scored with a volley, later considered the goal of the tournament, to open the score in Sweden's 2–0 win against France in the last group match; he was later named Man of the Match.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović scored a goal in a 4–0 win against Malta on 10 June 2009 in a 2010 World Cup qualifier.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : During the 2006 World Cup qualification campaign, Ibrahimović scored four goals in a 7–0 victory away to Malta on 4 September 2004.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 12 May 2013, Paris Saint-Germain won the Ligue 1 title after a 1–0 away win against Lyon, their third title and first since 1994.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 11 May, he was named Ligue 1's Player of the Year for the second consecutive season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 6 November, he scored twice in a 3–1 away win against Swansea City; his first was the 25,000th goal in Premier League history.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 4 October, during the match against Bologna at home which Inter won 2–1, Ibrahimović scored a sensational goal, stunning Francesco Antonioli with an irresistible backheeled shot from Adriano's left-wing cross.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 3 March, during the 4–0 away win against Palermo, Ibrahimović took the lead of the goalscorers table as he scored a first-half hat-trick to take his tally up to 17 goals.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 7 March, Ibrahimović was suspended for three matches by The Football Association for violent conduct after elbowing Bournemouth's Tyrone Mings in a 1–1 draw at Old Trafford three days earlier.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In the opening league match of the 2011–12 season, Ibrahimović scored Milan's first goal of a 2–2 home draw against Lazio.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 12 December 2010, history repeated itself in the game against Bologna after he assisted Boateng to give Milan an early lead once again and scoring later that match to make it 3–0, leading him to 13 goals with 8 assists in 21 matches in all competitions.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He scored two goals in the first half to help PSG to a 2–1 win over Lille which was PSG's first Ligue 1 win after three successive draws in the first three league matches of the 2012–13 season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 19 February, he made his first FA Cup appearance, coming on as a 62nd-minute substitute and scoring the winner in a 2–1 fifth round win against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Three days later, he netted the winner in the 2015–16 Coupe de France semi-final match away against Lorient to send Paris into the final for the second consecutive season; it was also his 42nd goal of the season, setting a new personal best.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović scored his first league hat-trick of the season in a match against Saint-Étienne on 31 August.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 18 May 2008, Ibrahimović scored both goals in a 2–0 defeat of Parma on the final day of the 2007–08 Serie A season to give Inter a second consecutive "Scudetto".
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 27 November, Ibrahimović made his 100th UEFA Champions League appearance, scoring the opening goal in a 2–1 win over Olympiacos at the Parc des Princes.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović started the new season on 6 August in the 2011 Supercoppa Italiana against city rivals Inter, where he scored the first goal of a 2–1 comeback victory to clinch the first trophy of the season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 5 February 2017, Ibrahimović scored his 15th league goal of the season and 20th in all competitions in a 3–0 away win against Leicester City, becoming the oldest player to manage at least 15 goals in a single Premier League season at the age of 35 years and 125 days.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović scored his first two goals for Paris Saint Germain on 2 August 2014 against Guingamp in the 2014 Trophée des Champions, winning his first silverware of the season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 15 February, in the first leg of the Champions League's round of 16, Ibrahimović set up both of Robinho's goals and also scored by a spot kick, thus helping Milan win 4–0 over Arsenal.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : In scoring twice in PSG's 3–0 win over Nice on 4 December 2015, Ibrahimović beat Mustapha Dahleb's previous record of 85 goals to become the club's all-time top goalscorer in the French first division.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 16 February 2016, in the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League round of 16 first leg against Chelsea at home, Ibrahimović scored the opener in the 39th minute with a free kick to help his team win 2–1.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 4 December 2010, in a game against Brescia, he assisted Kevin-Prince Boateng to give Milan an early lead and then scored the third goal by a powerful shot near the edge of the penalty box to give Milan a 3–0 win.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 7 October 2001, he played his first competitive match, a 2002 World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan, scoring his first ever international goal in a 3–0 win as Sweden topped their group to qualify for the upcoming tournament.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 9 March, in the second leg of PSG's Champions League tie with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, Ibrahimović assisted a goal for Adrien Rabiot and scored the winning goal himself as Paris won the match 2–1 and progressed to the quarter-final stage with a 4–2 aggregate victory.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : On 16 April, Ibrahimović scored twice in a 6–0 home win against Caen to earn him a season-best 32 goals in league; it was also his 41st goal of the season, equaling his season-best in 2013–14 season with two games less playing.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : He netted another hat-trick on 8 April as PSG reached the 2015 Coupe de France Final with a 4–1 win over Saint-Étienne, starting with a penalty for his 100th goal for the club.
Zlatan Ibrahimović : Ibrahimović made his final Ligue 1 appearance for PSG against Nantes at the Parc des Princes on 14 May 2016, scoring twice in a 4–0 victory to become Paris Saint-Germain's top scorer in a single Ligue 1 season with 38 goals, which put him one goal ahead of Carlos Bianchi, who managed 37 in the 1977–78 campaign.
Mixu Paatelainen : Mika-Matti Petteri "Mixu" Paatelainen (born 3 February 1967) is a retired Finnish football player and current manager of the Hong Kong national team.
Mixu Paatelainen : Paatelainen played 70 matches for Finland, scoring 18 goals.
Mauro Ravnić : Mauro Ravnić (born 29 November 1959) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Mauro Ravnić : His first head coaching experience would arrive in the following decade, with amateurs AE Prat and FC Benavent.
Pierce Brosnan : Goodbye.'
Pierce Brosnan : but the project was cancelled in 2007.
Pierce Brosnan : In 1994, Brosnan met American journalist Keely Shaye Smith in Mexico.
Pierce Brosnan : Brosnan's daughter Charlotte died on 28 June 2013 of ovarian cancer, the same illness that claimed her mother's life.
Pierce Brosnan : He was married to Australian actress Cassandra Harris from 1980 until her death in 1991.
Pierce Brosnan : After leaving comprehensive school at age 16, Brosnan began training in commercial illustration, then went on to train at the Drama Centre in London for three years.
Pierce Brosnan : They lived with her children, Charlotte (1971–2013) and Chris, and after their father Dermot Harris died in 1986, he adopted them and they took the surname Brosnan.
Pierce Brosnan : Pierce Brendan Brosnan (; born 16 May 1953) is an Irish and American actor, film producer, activist, environmentalist, and architect.
Pedro Diniz : Pedro Paulo Falleiros dos Santos Diniz (born 22 May 1970) is a Brazilian businessman and former racing driver.
Pedro Diniz : At the Argentine Grand Prix, his car burst into flames after a pit-stop due to its fuel valve sticking open; British newspaper The Sun famously printed the photo alongside the headline "Diniz in the Oven".
Daniel García Andújar : He lives and works in Barcelona.
Daniel García Andújar : He has directed numerous workshops for artists and social collectives worldwide.
Daniel García Andújar : His work has been exhibited widely, including Manifesta 4, the Venice Biennale and documenta 14 Athens, Kassel.
Daniel García Andújar : His Work is in major public and private collections, including the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia's National Collection.
Daniel García Andújar : From January to April 2015, the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (MNCARS) hosted a comprehensive solo exhibition of his Works curated by Manuel Borja-Villel under the title Operating System.
Daniel García Andújar : Daniel García Andújar (1966 in Almoradí) is a visual media artist, activist and art theorist from Spain.
Daniel García Andújar : Andújar is one of the principal exponents of Net.art, founder of Technologies To The People and a member of "irational.org".
Daniel García Andújar : Andújar is the director of numerous internet projects, such as e-sevilla, e-valencia, e-madrid and e-barcelona.
Cai Guo-Qiang : Drawing upon Eastern philosophy and contemporary social issues as a conceptual basis, his artworks respond to culture and history and establish an exchange between viewers and the larger universe around them.
Cai Guo-Qiang : The installation consists of 99 life-sized replicas of wolves cyclically crashing into a glass wall.
Cai Guo-Qiang : Commissioned by The International Olympic Committee and The Beijing Organizing Committee for the Games of the XXIX Olympiad [Ephemeral]            As Director of Visual and Special Effects for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, Cai designed the fireworks for the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Cai Guo-Qiang : Cai Guo-Qiang was born in 1957 in Quanzhou, Fujian Province, China.
William Ayache : Altogether, he was capped 20 times for his country.
Hermes Binner : He was elected Governor of Santa Fe in 2007.
Hermes Binner : Binner was elected Mayor of Rosario in 1995 and then re-elected in 1999, ending his second four-year term in 2003.
Hermes Binner : That candidature is in representation of the Broad Progressive Front, a grouping launched in Buenos Aires in June 2011.
Hermes Binner : On the last account he obtained the posts of Sub-Director and Director of public hospitals.
Hermes Binner : Hermes Juan Binner (born June 5, 1943) is an Argentine physician and a politician.
Hermes Binner : On October 23, 2011, in the General elections for the presidency he came second with 17% of the votes, behind Cristina Fernández.
Hermes Binner : Binner is the first Socialist to become the governor of an Argentine province, and the first non-Justicialist to rule Santa Fe since 1983.
Hermes Binner : On June 11, 2011, the Socialist Congress vote the candidature for presidential elections: Hermes Binner - Norma Morandini.
Hermes Binner : In this new alliance participated the Socialist Party, with other parts of the called "democratic left": Civic Front, GEN, Buenos Aires for Everyone, Movement of the free people of the south, Popular Union.
Hermes Binner : He graduated in 1970 and continued his militant activism as a Graduate Council Member at the University, as well as working as a union member at the Rosario Medical Association and the Physicians' College.
Hermes Binner : Binner was a candidate for a seat in the National Chamber of Deputies (the Lower House of the Argentine Congress) for the Progressive, Civic and Social Front, a Santa Fe political coalition (which includes the Socialist Party (PS), members of the Radical Civic Union (UCR), Support for an Egalitarian Republic (ARI), Democratic Progressive Party, Communist Party and Peronist dissident) in the parliamentary elections of October 23, 2005.
Aziz Sancar : His longest-running study has involved photolyase and the mechanisms of photo-reactivation.
Aziz Sancar : Aziz Sancar was born into a lower-middle-class family, where he spoke Arabic with his parents and Turkish with his siblings, in the Savur district of Mardin Province, southeastern Turkey on September 8, 1946.
Aziz Sancar : In his inaugural article in the PNAS, Sancar captured the photolyase radicals he has chased for nearly 20 years, thus providing direct observation of the photocycle for thymine dimer repair.
Aziz Sancar : Aziz Sancar (born 8September 1946) is a Turkish–American biochemist and molecular biologist specializing in DNA repair, cell cycle checkpoints, and circadian clock.
Aziz Sancar : He then completed his MD degree in Istanbul University of Turkey in 1969 and completed his PhD degree on the photoreactivating enzyme of "E. coli" in 1977 at the University of Texas at Dallas in the laboratory of Claud Stan Rupert, now Professor Emeritus.
Aziz Sancar : He is married to Gwen Boles Sancar, who graduated the same year and who is also a Professor of Biochemistry and Biophysics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Aziz Sancar : Sancar is the second Turkish Nobel laureate after Orhan Pamuk, who is also an alumnus of Istanbul University.
Aziz Sancar : He is the co-founder of the Aziz & Gwen Sancar Foundation, which is a non-profit organization to promote Turkish culture and to support Turkish students in the United States.
Aziz Sancar : Aziz Sancar was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2005 as the first Turkish-American member.
Aziz Sancar : Together, they founded Carolina Türk Evi, a permanent Turkish Center in close proximity to the campus of UNC-CH, which provides graduate housing for four Turkish researchers at UNC-CH, short term guest services for Turkish visiting scholars, and a center for promoting Turkish-American interchange.
Aziz Sancar : He is the Sarah Graham Kenan Professor of Biochemistry, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Aziz Sancar : Aziz Sancar is honorary member of the Turkish Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Freddie Tuilagi : He'd made 35 appearances, scoring eleven tries.
Freddie Tuilagi : Fereti Tuilagi (born 9 June 1971) is a Samoan former professional rugby footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.
Riek Machar : She died in a car accident in Nairobi in 1993 at the age of 29, while pregnant.
Riek Machar : In July 2013, he, and the entire cabinet, was dismissed from office.
Riek Machar : Machar married Emma McCune, a British aid worker.
Riek Machar : Machar was a rebel leader with the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement (SPLM/A) headed by John Garang from 1984 until he fell out with Garang in 1991.
Riek Machar : Riek Machar Teny Dhurgon (born 1950) is a South Sudanese politician who served as the inaugural Vice President of South Sudan, from its independence in 2011 until his dismissal in 2013.
Rami Saari : In 2002-2006, Saari was the national editor of the Israeli pages of the Poetry International website.
Rami Saari : The author has published ten volumes of his own poetry and translated several dozen books of prose and poetry, from Albanian, Catalan, Estonian, Finnish, Greek, Hungarian, Portuguese, Spanish and Turkish.
Rami Saari : 17 September 1963, Petah Tikva, Israel) is an Israeli poet, translator, linguist and literary critic.
Michael Fortescue : He is professor emeritus of General Linguistics at the University of Copenhagen and chairman of the Linguistic Circle of Copenhagen.
Michael Fortescue : In his book "Whiteheadian Linguistics", Fortescue explores the possibilities of a linguistic theory based on the philosophical theories of Alfred North Whitehead.
Michael Fortescue : His "Comparative Eskimo Dictionary", co-authored with Steven Jacobson and Lawrence Kaplan, is the standard work in its area, as is his "Comparative Chukotko-Kamchatkan Dictionary".
Michael Fortescue : Michael David Fortescue (born 8 August 1946) is a British-born linguist specializing in Arctic and native North American languages, including Kalaallisut, Inuktun, Chukchi and Nitinaht.
Michael Fortescue : He gained his PhD in Linguistics from the University of Edinburgh in 1978.
Roger Kingdom : His progress was hampered some in 1991 when he underwent surgery to repair ACL damage and remove bone chips from his knee.
Roger Kingdom : Roger Kingdom (born August 26, 1962) is a former sprint hurdler from the United States.
Roger Kingdom : Born in Vienna, Georgia, an athlete of note Kingdom excelled at the high jump and discus in his formative years as well as being a noteworthy American football player.
Roger Kingdom : Kingdom is only the second athlete to have successfully defended his 110 m hurdle Olympic title, after Lee Calhoun, who won the gold medal in both 1956 and 1960.
Roger Kingdom : This record stood until 1996 when Allen Johnson broke it at the Atlanta Games.
Roger Kingdom : Kingdom set a 110 m high hurdles World Record of 12.92 seconds in Zürich, Switzerland in 1989.
Zoran Savić : Savić then became a member of PAOK Bravo in Greece.
Zoran Savić : The 208 cm (6'10") tall center played in various European countries.
Zoran Savić : From 2005 until 2008, he was the general manager of FC Barcelona Bàsquet.
Andrew Fenn : Andrew Fenn (born 1 July 1990) is a British cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team .
Andrew Fenn : His talent was noticed by British Cycling, and he joined their Olympic Development Programme in November 2006 and won the junior version of Paris–Roubaix in 2008, before moving on to the Olympic Academy Programme in 2009-2010.
Youssou N'Dour : By 1991, he had opened his own recording studio, and, by 1995, his own record label, Jololi.
Youssou N'Dour : From April 2012 to September 2013, he was Senegal's Minister of Tourism.
Youssou N'Dour : He won his first American Grammy Award (best contemporary world music album) for his CD "Egypt" in 2005.
Youssou N'Dour : He worked with the United Nations and UNICEF, and he started Project Joko to open internet cafés in Africa and to connect Senegalese communities around the world.
Youssou N'Dour : He was a featured performer in the 1988 worldwide Amnesty International Human Rights Now!
Youssou N'Dour : N'Dour was nominated as Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) on 16 October 2000.
Youssou N'Dour : He wrote and performed the official anthem of the 1998 FIFA World Cup with Axelle Red "La Cour des Grands".
Youssou N'Dour : Youssou N'Dour (; also known as Youssou Madjiguéne Ndour, born 1 October 1959) is a Senegalese singer, songwriter, composer, occasional actor, businessman, and politician.
Paulo Roberto Falcão : He went back to Brazil after 5 years in Rome.
Paulo Roberto Falcão : For the Brazil national team, Falcão was capped 34 times between February 1976 and June 1986.
Paulo Roberto Falcão : While playing for São Paulo, Falcão won two titles.
Paulo Roberto Falcão : Radamel Falcao's father was a footballer and football fan and named him after Falcão.
Paulo Roberto Falcão : Paulo Roberto Falcão, or simply Falcão (; born 16 October 1953), is a Brazilian former footballer and football manager.
Fernando Morena : Fernando made his debut for the Uruguay national team on 27 October 1971 against Chile in a 3–0 win, where he scored his first goal.
Fernando Morena : Fernando Morena Belora (born 2 February 1952, in Montevideo) is a retired football striker from Uruguay.
Fernando Morena : He went on to obtain a total number of 53 international caps, scoring 22 goals which currently ranks him as the joint eighth-highest scorer in the history of the team.
Fernando Morena : He was top scorer in the Uruguayan soccer league six consecutive years between 1973 and 1978, and was top scorer in the Copa Libertadores in 1974 and 1975.
Fernando Morena : His first coaching job was in River Plate, which was followed by Peñarol, Real Murcia in Spain, Huracán Buceo, Rampla Juniors, Colo Colo in Chile and a second run in Peñarol in 2005.
Pastor Maldonado : He drove with number 13, which was barely used in Formula One before.
Pastor Maldonado : In the end, he finished 8th.
Pastor Maldonado : He eventually finished 16th.
Pastor Maldonado : In November 2004, Maldonado was given an opportunity to test with the Minardi Formula One team at Misano in Italy.
Pastor Maldonado : On 29 November 2013, Maldonado was signed by the Lotus F1 team, to partner Romain Grosjean in .
Pastor Maldonado : Before entering Formula One, he won the 2010 GP2 Series championship.
Pastor Maldonado : Pastor Rafael Maldonado Motta (; born 9 March 1985) is a Venezuelan professional racing driver, who competed in Formula One for the Williams (2011–2013) and Lotus (2014–2015) teams.
Pastor Maldonado : He became the first Venezuelan to win a Formula One Grand Prix when he won the 2012 Spanish Grand Prix for Williams, from his first and only pole position.
Pastor Maldonado : Maldonado married Venezuelan journalist Gabriela Tarkanyi on 15 December 2012, in Canaima, Venezuela.
Pastor Maldonado : Campos team principal Adrián Campos said that Bruno Senna's team mate could be Pedro de la Rosa, Vitaly Petrov or Maldonado, but the team's financial problems and change of ownership changed the situation, and Karun Chandhok got the drive.
Pastor Maldonado : It was then reported that Maldonado was close to signing a deal to be test and reserve driver for the Stefan Grand Prix team, which attempted to compete in the 2010 season following the withdrawal of the US F1 Team, which left a theoretical space for another new team.
Pastor Maldonado : He made four starts in the Italian F3000 Championship with Sighinolfi Auto Racing, in which one race win at the Autodromo dell'Umbria was enough to finish ninth overall.
Pastor Maldonado : He competed in the Italian Formula Renault Championship with Cram Competition, and was classified seventh in the drivers' championship.
Wesley So : So's transfer to the United States Chess Federation was confirmed in the November 2014 rating list.
Wesley So : This string of tournaments propelled So to 12th in the FIDE World Rankings.
Wesley So : A former chess prodigy, So became the youngest player to pass a 2600 Elo rating in October 2008, breaking the record previously held by Magnus Carlsen.
Wesley So : On the March 2017 FIDE rating list, he was ranked number two in the world and had an Elo rating of 2822, making him the fifth-highest rated player in history.
Whitfield Diffie : Diffie remained with Sun, serving as its Chief Security Officer and as a Vice President until November 2009.
Whitfield Diffie : From 1978 to 1991, Diffie was Manager of Secure Systems Research for Northern Telecom in Mountain View, California, where he designed the key management architecture for the PDSO security system for X.25 networks.
Whitfield Diffie : Bailey Whitfield 'Whit' Diffie (born June 5, 1944), , is an American cryptographer and one of the pioneers of public-key cryptography along with Martin Hellman and Ralph Merkle.
Whitfield Diffie : From 1965 to 1969, he remained in Greater Boston as a research assistant for the MITRE Corporation in Bedford, Massachusetts.
Whitfield Diffie : The article stimulated the almost immediate public development of a new class of encryption algorithms, the asymmetric key algorithms.
Whitfield Diffie : Together with Martin Hellman, Diffie won the 2015 Turing Award, widely considered the most prestigious award in the field of computer science.
Whitfield Diffie : Diffie and Hellman's 1976 paper "New Directions in Cryptography" introduced a radically new method of distributing cryptographic keys, that helped solve key distribution—a fundamental problem in cryptography.
Whitfield Diffie : In 1991 he joined Sun Microsystems Laboratories in Menlo Park, California as a Distinguished Engineer, working primarily on public policy aspects of cryptography.
Scott Bakula : Bakula appeared in the dark comedy film "The Informant!"
Scott Bakula : In April 2013, he made a guest appearance on "Two and a Half Men" as a car dealer.
Scott Bakula : In the movie, Shatner interviews Bakula at his ranch in California where the pair ride horses and discuss the pitfalls that come with a career in television.
Scott Bakula : Scott Stewart Bakula (; born October 9, 1954) is an American actor, singer and director.
Scott Bakula : In April to May 2012, he guest starred in the last five episodes of "Desperate Housewives" as Bree Van de Kamp's criminal defense lawyer and third husband.
Scott Bakula : From July 31 to August 2, 2009, he starred as Nathan Detroit in three performances of "Guys and Dolls" at the Hollywood Bowl.
Scott Bakula : and appeared in the feature-length documentary "The Captains", which was written and directed by William Shatner, Bakula is interviewed by the original "Star Trek" captain about his life and career leading up to his performances as Captain Jonathan Archer in "Star Trek: Enterprise".
Scott Bakula : In 2011, Bakula performed a voice cameo in the film "Source Code" as a slight nod to his character on "Quantum Leap", with his catchphrase of "Oh, boy."
Scott Bakula : In September 2011, Bakula starred in "Terrible Advice" by Saul Rubinek at the Menier Chocolate Factory.
Scott Bakula : In April 2009, he began a recurring role on the television series "Chuck" as Stephen J. Bartowski, the eponymous character's long-lost father.
Scott Bakula : (2009) as Brian Shepard, an FBI agent working with the title character Mark Whitacre, (played by Matt Damon).
Toni Gardemeister : With the Lancer WRC05, he finished seventh in Monte Carlo and then sixth in Sweden and Sardinia, and suffered two retirements.
Toni Gardemeister : Toni Gardemeister (born 31 March 1975) is a Finnish professional rally driver in the World Rally Championship.
Toni Gardemeister : After securing a contract with the BP Ford World Rally Team, Ford's factory effort, for the 2005 season, after both of Ford's 2004 factory drivers Markko Märtin and Francois Duval left the team, Gardemeister drove his Ford Focus RS WRC 04 to a string of podiums and other points-scoring positions.
Manuel Zelaya : He identified the events as a coup and a kidnapping.
Manuel Zelaya : He held many positions within the PLH and was Minister for Investment in charge of the Honduran Social Investment Fund (FHIS) in a previous PLH government.
Manuel Zelaya : The Congress, the attorney general, and the top electoral tribunal declared Zelaya's proposed referendum illegal.
Manuel Zelaya : National Congress President Roberto Micheletti, the next person in the presidential line of succession and a centre-Right, assumed the presidency following Zelaya's removal from office.
Manuel Zelaya : In March 2009, Zelaya announced that he first wanted to have a preliminary poll – he suggested 28 June 2009 as a date – to ask voters whether they wanted the fourth ballot to be included in the November 2009 election.
Manuel Zelaya : On 21 September 2009 he returned to Honduras clandestinely and resurfaced in the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa.
Manuel Zelaya : He attended Niño Jesús de Praga y Luis Landa elementary school and the Instituto Salesiano San Miguel.
Manuel Zelaya : He was forced to take over the family business by the arrest of his father José Manuel Zelaya Ordoñez, implicated in the murders known as "Slaughter of the Horcones."
Manuel Zelaya : They were charged and taken to the Central Prison; after four years in prison, they were favored with a pardon from the head of state, General Policarpo Paz García, in 1979.
Manuel Zelaya : Zelaya joined the Liberal Party of Honduras, "Partido Liberal de Honduras", (PLH) in 1970 and became active a decade later.
Manuel Zelaya : He received 52% of the 289,300 Liberal votes, vs. 17% for Jaime Rosenthal Oliva and 12% for Gabriela Núñez, the candidate of the Nueva Mayoría faction.
Nino Vaccarella : Nino Vaccarella (born 4 March 1933 in Palermo, Sicily) is an Italian former sports car racing and Formula One driver.
Nino Vaccarella : His principal achievements include winning the 1964 24 Hours of Le Mans, and the Targa Florio in 1965, 1971 and 1975, when it no longer was a World Sportscar Championship event.
Vladimir Gutsaev : He retired in 1986, having played more than 300 matches and having scored almost 50 goals in the Soviet football competitions.
Vladimir Gutsaev : In March 2004, he was elected to the Parliament of Georgia from Mikheil Saakashvili’s United National Movement party list and has since been a member of a Parliamentary Committee for Education, Science, Culture and Sports.
Vladimir Gutsaev : His other achievements include winning the championship of the Soviet Union in 1978 and the Soviet Cup in 1976 and 1979.
Vladimir Gutsaev : In July 2004, Eduard Kokoity, the leader of Georgia’s breakaway South Ossetia, accused Gutsaev of having offered him 20 million USD in exchange of his "loyalty" to the Georgian government.
Vladimir Gutsaev : Gutsaev dismissed Kokoity’s claims as an attempt to "garner political points" and said that his only mission to Kokoity was to persuade him to allow a South Ossetian football team to take part in the Georgian national championship.
Vladimir Gutsaev : He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from the ruling United National Movement party from 2004 to 2008.
Vladimir Gutsaev : Vladimir Gutsaev (, , "Vladimir Gavrilovich Gutsayev"; born 21 December 1952) is a retired Soviet and Georgian footballer and coach of Ossetian ethnicity.
Vladimir Gutsaev : Debuting in FC Dinamo Tbilisi in 1971, he played as a striker for this club until 1986 as well as for the USSR national football team between 1972 and 1982.
Richard Dunne : In the autumn of 2000, Dunne was signed by Manchester City for a fee of £3.5 million, rejoining his former manager Joe Royle.
Richard Dunne : Disciplinary problems in 2003 resulted in a club suspension, and his time at Manchester City looked to be over.
Richard Dunne : Richard Patrick Dunne (born 21 September 1979) is an Irish former footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport, who played as a defender.
Richard Dunne : Dunne began his professional career at Everton.
Richard Dunne : However, Dunne returned to the first team following an intensive fitness programme, and within a few months gained an international recall.
Brian May : May's father Harold was a long-time heavy cigarette smoker.
Brian May : They married on 18 November 2000.
Brian May : As a result, May dislikes smoking, to the point where he was already prohibiting smoking indoors at his concerts before many countries imposed smoking bans.
Brian May : During 1983, several members of Queen explored side projects.
Brian May : May has formed a group to promote animal welfare.
Brian May : The group's primary concern is to ensure that the Hunting Act 2004 and other laws protecting animals are retained in situ.
Brian May : At Hampton Grammar School, he attained ten GCE Ordinary Levels and three GCE Advanced Levels in Physics, Mathematics, and Applied Mathematics.
Brian May : In an interview in September 2010 with Stephen Sackur for the BBC's "HARDtalk" program, May said that he would rather be remembered for his animal rights work than for his music or scientific work.
Brian May : His group, Save Me (named after the May-written Queen song), campaigns for the protection of all animals against unnecessary, cruel and degrading treatment; with a particular emphasis on preventing hunting of foxes and the culling of badgers.
Brian May : In the Queen's birthday honours list of 2005, he was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire "for services to the music industry and for charity work".
Brian May : He studied Mathematics and Physics at Imperial College London, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics in 1968 with honours.
Brian May : From 1970 to 1974, he studied for a PhD degree at Imperial College, studying reflected light from interplanetary dust and the velocity of dust in the plane of the Solar System.
Brian May : He graduated at the awards ceremony of Imperial College held in the Royal Albert Hall on 14 May 2008.
Brian May : He has stated in interviews that he suffered from severe depression in the late 1980s and early 1990s, to the point of contemplating suicide, for reasons having to do with his troubled first marriage, his perceived failure as a husband and a father, his father Harold's death, and Freddie Mercury's illness and death.
Brian May : Though a Conservative Party voter most of his life, he has stated that their policies on fox hunting and the culling of badgers meant he did not vote for them at the 2010 UK general election.
Brian May : The band lasted for only two years, from 1968 to 1970, as Staffell departed in 1970, leaving the band with a catalogue of nine songs.
Brian May : From 1976 to 1988, May was married to Christine Mullen, and they had three children: James (born 15 June 1978), Louisa (born 22 May 1981), and Emily Ruth (born 18 February 1987).
Brian May : Taylor's band The Cross were headliners, and he brought May and Staffell on to play "Earth" and "If I Were a Carpenter".
Brian May : May worked extensively with stage actress and singer Kerry Ellis after he cast her in the musical "We Will Rock You".
Brian May : On 21 and 22 April in Los Angeles, May was in the studio with Eddie Van Halen, with no intentions of recording anything; the result of those days was a mini album entitled "Star Fleet Project", which originally wasn't going to be released.
Brian May : May earned a PhD in astrophysics from Imperial College London in 2007, and was Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University from 2008 to 2013.
Brian May : May's 3D 'Owl viewer' is used to view the photographs in 3D.
Brian May : During this time, he formed his first band, named 1984 after George Orwell's novel of the same name, with vocalist and bassist Tim Staffell.
Brian May : Brian Harold May was born 19 July 1947 in Hampton, Middlesex, the only child of Ruth Irving (Fletcher) and Harold May, who worked as a draughtsman at the Ministry of Aviation.
Brian May : After the tour ended on 18 December 1993, May returned to the studio with fellow surviving Queen band members Roger Taylor and John Deacon to work on tracks that became "Made in Heaven", the final Queen studio album.
Brian May : On 26 August, May performed "We Will Rock You" and "Welcome to the Black Parade" with rock band My Chemical Romance at the Reading Festival.
Brian May : On 18 April 2011, Lady Gaga confirmed that May would play guitar on her track "You and I" from her latest album "Born This Way", released on 23 May 2011.
Brian May : In the 2018 biographical film "Bohemian Rhapsody", he was portrayed by Gwilym Lee.
Brian May : Brian Harold May, (born 19 July 1947) is an English musician, singer, songwriter and astrophysicist.
Brian May : At the end of 2004, May and Taylor announced that they would reunite and return to touring in 2005, with Paul Rodgers (founder and former lead singer of Free and Bad Company).
Brian May : On some of his songs, he sings the lead vocals, most notably the first verse of "Who Wants to Live Forever", the final verse of "Mother Love", the middle eight on "I Want It All" and "Flash's Theme", and full lead vocals on "Some Day One Day", "She Makes Me (Stormtrooper in Stilettoes)", "'39", "Good Company", "Long Away", "All Dead, All Dead", "Sleeping on the Sidewalk", "Leaving Home Ain't Easy".
Brian May : May joined Gaga on stage during the performance of "You and I" at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards held at Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles.
Brian May : May frequently wrote songs for the band and has composed many hits such as "We Will Rock You", "Tie Your Mother Down", "I Want It All", "Fat Bottomed Girls", "Who Wants to Live Forever" and "The Show Must Go On" as well as "Hammer to Fall", "Flash", "Now I'm Here", "Brighton Rock", "The Prophet's Song", "Las Palabras de Amor", "No-One but You (Only the Good Die Young)" and "Save Me".
Dyango : This step would open the door to the Latin American market.
Dyango : He stated that in the current situation it would be necessary to hold a referendum in Catalonia and, ultimately, to achieve separation from Spain.
Dyango : Dyango responded firmly to the questions of 13 TV.
Dyango : On September 7, 2013, he announced his retirement from the long American tours, not from music or from the concerts.
Dyango : He is widely regarded as one of the most romantic Spanish singers, and one of the best performers on the international level.
Dyango : The singer visited several countries in Latin America in July 2017, visiting Argentina to present his new album ¿Y ahora qué?.
Dyango : When the singer announced his participation, there was outrage in many sectors of the rest of Spain.
Dyango : Dyango has won 55 gold and 40 platinum discs throughout his career.
Dyango : Between 1983 and 1984 he launched to the market the discs "Bienvendo to the club" and "Al fin alone" to great success in Argentina and Colombia.
Dyango : Discographically he started in Zafiro and in 1974 signed with EMI.
Dyango : In 1988, the Miami authorities handed him the Key to the City and in 1992 the Giant program of the Univision Chain gave him the Key to the Program.
Dyango : Dyango was born on March 5, 1940 in Barcelona, but was inscribed by his father on May 8, and thus appears as his date of birth in official documents.
Dyango : He has also received several awards from the Betty Pino show in Miami, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988.
Dyango : In his personal life, the artist is married and is the father of four children, two of whom are singers Marcos Llunas and Jordi.
Dyango : The artist joined several personalities in March of that same year and lent his face to the campaign of the "ANC" in favor of a unilateral declaration of independence on the part of the governing authorities of Catalonia.
Dyango : From the Festival of Viña del Mar (Chile), the singer has 2 Torches, those of editions 25 and 31.
Dyango : His first album for this company was in 1975 and was very successful in Latin America, in contrast to the little impact made by his music in Spain.
Dyango : Dyango announced his farewell to his musical profession, making a farewell tour in Latin America and Spain and thanking thousands of people who formed his international audience.
Dyango : In 1985 he recorded the song "Por ese hombre" with the duo Pimpinela.
Dyango : Also, the Association of New York Artists, ACE, awarded him the Best Male Singer Award for "Esa mujer," March 21, 1987.
Dyango : After several albums, in 1997 he published his longed-for album in Catalan, where he sang tangos in that language.
Dyango : In the decade of the 2000s he published several albums of great successes, including such well-known songs as "Corazón mágico," "La mare" (in Catalán), "Por esa mujer," "Doctor," "Amor de tango," and "Cuando quieras donde quieras."
Dyango : After summer of 2013 Dyango published the disc "El Cantante", an album of romantic cuts that described his own life.
Dyango : He has also recorded duets with Pimpinela, Rocío Dúrcal, Paco de Lucía, Celia Cruz, Oscar D'León, Sheena Easton, Roberto Goyeneche, Giacomo Aragall and Armando Manzanero.
Dyango : He has been invited as the main artist, to one of the best tango festivals in Argentina, the Tangos International Festival of the city of Justo Daract, to perform tangos and close the festival.
Dyango : Since the recording of the tango "Nostalgia" in 1976, Dyango consolidated his conquest of the Spanish market of the romantic ballad.
Dyango : It was organized by Òmnium Cultural along with other civil society entities, such as the Assemblea Nacional Catalana (Catalan National Assembly) and the Plataforma Pro Seleccions Esportives Catalanes with the aim of claiming, through the universal language of music, the right of the Catalan people and all the peoples of the world to be able to freely and democratically decide their own future.
Dyango : In 1969 he published his first album that bears his name and the following year he traveled to Argentina where he starred alongside Ginamaría Hidalgola in the film "El Mundo es de los jóvenes", while editing an album with the same name.
Dyango : In 1988, he honored the music of Buenos Aires, with his album Tango, becoming one of the few non-Rio de Janeiro artists to be accepted and blessed by the environment deltango, where he recorded a great friendship with Roberto Goyeneche.
Dyango : Dyango was named Citizen Iluste of Justo Daract and received the Gold Condor Award in December 2011.
Dyango : In 1993 he recorded the album Morir de amor where he recorded the duet with Nana Mouskouri: "Espérame en el cielo," a Los Panchos song.
Dyango : His album "Puñaladas en el Alma" with the Prague Symphony Orchestra and arrangements by Maestro Carlos Franzetti was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award in 2010, a work around the tango, recorded between Prague, New York and Barcelona.
Dyango : José Gómez Romero, artistically known as Dyango (born March 5, 1940), nicknamed "The voice of love", is a Spanish musician and singer of romantic music.
Dyango : In 1980, Dyango represented Spain in the OTI Festival 1980 with the song "Querer y perder" written by Ray Girado, winning second place.
Dyango : In 1989 he recorded the album "Suspiros" where he included the song "El que más te ha querido""" by the composer Concha Valdes Miranda, achieving worldwide success.
Dyango : Dyango has been nominated several times for the Latin Grammy Awards, the last one in 2010 with the album "Puñaladas en el Alma".
Dyango : Dyango received the Music Prize for Best Song in Catalan for his theme, "El pare" (The Father), 2005.
Dyango : In 1994 he recorded the album "Un loco como yo", on which he sang a duet with the Mexican Armando Manzanero (author and director of all subjects) the song "Le ha costado caro."
Dyango : José Gómez Romero adopted Dyango as a stage name (taken from the guitarist of jazz gypsy Django Reinhardt), by which he is known and debuted at the Duero Song Festival (1965).
Dyango : In 1976 he obtained the prize (Sirenita de Oro) for the best performer and the best song of the Benidorm Festival with the song ""Si yo fuera él"."
Jon Hamm : On set he did not smoke actual cigarettes, but rather herbal cigarettes that do not contain tobacco or nicotine.
Jon Hamm : His father managed a family trucking company, and his mother was a secretary.
Jon Hamm : The feature received generally favorable reviews and earned $144 million worldwide.
Jon Hamm : After repeatedly failing to get promising roles, Hamm set his 30th birthday as a deadline to succeed in Hollywood, stating:
Jon Hamm : Although his role as Don Draper required Hamm to smoke, he stopped smoking when he was 24 years old.
Jon Hamm : "Mad Men" debuted on July 19, 2007, with almost 1.4 million viewers.
Jon Hamm : His first acting role was as Winnie-the-Pooh in first grade.
Jon Hamm : He moved into a house with four other aspiring actors and began working as a waiter while attending auditions.
Jon Hamm : On December 12, 2010, Hamm made a guest appearance as an FBI supervisor on Fox's animated series "The Simpsons".
Jon Hamm : When Hamm was 20, his father died.
Jon Hamm : Hamm continued working as a waiter and, briefly, as a set designer for a softcore pornography movie.
Jon Hamm : Alan Taylor and "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner initially thought Hamm was too handsome for the role but ultimately decided, "it was perfect to cast sort of the perfect male in this part".
Jon Hamm : He is a fan of the Major League Baseball (MLB) team the St. Louis Cardinals', and narrated the official highlight movie for the 2011 World Series, won by the Cardinals.
Jon Hamm : At 16, he was cast as Judas in the play "Godspell", and enjoyed the experience, though he did not take acting seriously.
Jon Hamm : Hamm's parents divorced when he was two years old, and he lived in the St. Louis suburb of Creve Coeur with his mother until her death from colon cancer, when he was 10 years old.
Jon Hamm : After graduating in 1993 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English, Hamm returned to his high school to teach eighth-grade acting.
Jon Hamm : He attended John Burroughs School, a private school in Ladue, where he was a member of the football, baseball, and swim teams.
Jon Hamm : Hamm was in a relationship with actress and screenwriter Jennifer Westfeldt from 1997 to 2015.
Jon Hamm : After graduation in 1989 Hamm enrolled in the University of Texas, where he was a member of the Upsilon chapter of Sigma Nu fraternity.
Jon Hamm : Internationally considered as a sex symbol, Hamm was named one of "Salon.com"s Sexiest Man Living in 2007 and one of "People" magazine's Sexiest Men Alive in 2008.
Jon Hamm : Hamm landed his breakthrough role during 2007, when he was cast from more than 80 candidates as the protagonist character Don Draper, in AMC's drama series "Mad Men".
Jon Hamm : Other minor roles followed on the television series "What About Brian", "", "Related", "Numb3rs", "The Unit", and "The Sarah Silverman Program".
Jon Hamm : Jonathan Daniel Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor and producer best known for playing advertising executive Don Draper in the AMC television drama series "Mad Men" (2007–2015).
Jon Hamm : Hamm also won "GQ"s "International Man" award during September 2010.
Trần Đức Lương : He studied geology at Hanoi University of Mining and Geology, and was employed as a cartographer.
Trần Đức Lương : In 1987, he became deputy prime minister.
Trần Đức Lương : Trần Đức Lương was elected state president of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on September 24, 1997, and re-elected in 2002.
Trần Đức Lương : Trần Đức Lương was born in Đức Phổ District in Quảng Ngãi Province, and moved to Hanoi after leaving school in 1954.
Trần Đức Lương : Trần Đức Lương (born May 5, 1936) is a Vietnamese politician who served as the fifth President of Vietnam from 1997 to 2006.
Francisco Araiza : José Francisco Araiza Andrade (born 4 October 1950), is a Mexican operatic tenor and lied singer who has sung as soloist in leading concert halls and in leading tenor operatic roles in the major opera houses of Europe and North America during the course of a lengthy career.
Francisco Araiza : He made his Metropolitan Opera debut as Belmonte in Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" (in John Dexter's production) on March 12, 1984.
Francisco Araiza : During that period his guest appearances also included the Bavarian State Opera, Paris Opera, La Scala, Lyric Opera of Chicago, La Fenice and the Salzburg Festival.
China Miéville : He has, however, said:
China Miéville : I love this stuff.
China Miéville : If you want to do that too, that's fantastic.
China Miéville : But if not, isn't this a cool monster?
China Miéville : He grew up with his sister Jemima and mother Claudia, a translator, writer and teacher.
China Miéville : But, because I come at this with a political perspective, the world that I'm creating is embedded with many of the concerns that I have.
China Miéville : At the age of eighteen, in 1990, he taught English for a year in Egypt, where he developed an interest in Arab culture and in Middle Eastern politics.
China Miéville : And when I write my novels, I'm not writing them to make political points.
China Miéville : The introduction was eventually left out of the book, but appears on de Larrabeiti's website.
China Miéville : He stood for Regent's Park and Kensington North for the Socialist Alliance in the 2001 UK General election, gaining 1.2% of votes cast.
China Miéville : I'm not a leftist trying to smuggle in my evil message by the nefarious means of fantasy novels.
China Miéville : [...] I'm trying to say I’ve invented this world that I think is really cool and I have these really big stories to tell in it and one of the ways that I find to make that interesting is to think about it politically.
China Miéville : After becoming dissatisfied with the ability of post-modern theories to explain history and political events, he became a Marxist at university.
China Miéville : "October", published in 2017, documents the dramatic events of the Russian revolution.
China Miéville : Miéville has said he plans to write a novel in every genre.
China Miéville : His parents separated soon after his birth, and he has said that he "never really knew" his father.
China Miéville : In his novel "Perdido Street Station," he refers to characters interested "only in gold and experience".
China Miéville : But he is primarily interested in the dramatic narrative — the weird facts — of the most turbulent year in Russia’s history”
China Miéville : I'm writing them because I passionately love monsters and the weird and horror stories and strange situations and surrealism, and what I want to do is communicate that.
China Miéville : In several panel discussions at conventions about the relationship of politics and writing, he has opposed right-wingers in heated arguments.
China Miéville : During 2012–13 he was writer-in-residence at Roosevelt University in Chicago.
China Miéville : I'm a science fiction and fantasy geek.
China Miéville : In January 2013, he emerged as a critic of the SWP's leadership and in March resigned over the leadership's handling of rape allegations against a SWP member.
China Miéville : He published his PhD thesis on Marxism and international law as a book in 2005.
China Miéville : Miéville has cited Michael de Larrabeiti's "Borrible Trilogy" as one of his biggest influences; he wrote an introduction for the trilogy's 2002 reissue.
China Miéville : He was formerly a member of the Socialist Workers Party, and in 2013 became a founding member of Left Unity.
China Miéville : To this end, he has "constructed an oeuvre" that is indebted to genre styles ranging from classic American Western (in "Iron Council") to sea-quest (in "The Scar") to detective noir (in "The City & the City").
China Miéville : He attributes his tendency to systematisation of magic and theology to this influence.
China Miéville : Miéville's left-wing politics become evident in his writing (particularly in "Iron Council", his third Bas-Lag novel) as do his theoretical ideas about literature.
China Miéville : Born in Norwich, Miéville was brought up in Willesden and has lived in London since early childhood.
China Miéville : Miéville is also indebted to Moorcock, having cited his essay "Epic Pooh" as the source upon which he is "riffing" or even simply "cheerleading" in his critique of Tolkien-imitative fantasy.
China Miéville : The "Player's Handbook" for the Fifth Edition of Dungeons & Dragons cited his novel "Perdido Street Station" as a source of inspiration for the game's designers.
China Miéville : Yet Miéville's works all describe fantastical or supernatural worlds or scenarios; Robert Hanks has discussed his work in relation to the categories of science fiction, of fantasy and of "urban surrealism".
China Miéville : Miéville studied for a BA degree in social anthropology at Clare College, Cambridge, graduating in 1994, and gained both a master's degree and PhD in international relations from the London School of Economics in 2001.
China Miéville : He stood unsuccessfully for the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in the 2001 general election as a candidate for the Socialist Alliance, gaining 459 votes, i.e.
China Miéville : In 2010 Miéville made his first foray into writing for RPGs with a contribution to the "Pathfinder Roleplaying Game" supplement "Guide to the River Kingdoms".
China Miéville : The February 2007 issue of "Dragon Magazine" interpreted the world presented in his books according to "Dungeons & Dragons" rules.
China Miéville : Miéville has previously been a member of the International Socialist Organization (US) and, until 13 March 2013, was also a member of the Socialist Workers Party (UK).
China Miéville : Steele considers it an ideological though nuanced retelling: “known as a left-wing activist, … Miéville writes with the brio and excitement of an enthusiast who would have wanted the revolution to succeed.
China Miéville : He often describes his work as "weird fiction" and is allied to the loosely associated movement of writers called "New Weird".
China Miéville : A book version of his PhD thesis, entitled "Between Equal Rights: A Marxist Theory of International Law", was published in the UK in 2005 by Brill in their "Historical Materialism" series, and in the United States in 2006 by Haymarket Books.
China Miéville : The letter, which claims that Labour policies on "austerity" and breaking of ties with trades unions amount to a "final betrayal of the working-class people it was founded to represent", states that Left Unity will be launched at a "founding conference" in London on 30 November 2013 and will provide, as an "alternative" to Labour, "a party that is socialist, environmentalist, feminist and opposed to all forms of discrimination".
China Miéville : Miéville has listed M. John Harrison, Michael de Larrabeiti, Michael Moorcock, Thomas M. Disch, Charles Williams, Tim Powers, and J. G. Ballard as literary "heroes"; he has also frequently discussed as influences H. P. Lovecraft, Mervyn Peake, Ursula K. Le Guin, and Gene Wolfe.
China Miéville : Miéville has admitted that his books contain some allusions to Russian writers, including Andrei Platonov, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky, and .
China Miéville : China Tom Miéville ( ; born 6 September 1972) is a British urban fantasy fiction author, essayist, comic book writer, socialist political activist and literary critic.
China Miéville : Miéville has won numerous awards, including the Arthur C. Clarke Award (thrice), the British Fantasy Award (twice), Locus Awards for Best Fantasy Novel (four times) and Best Science Fiction Novel and Best Novelette and Best Young Adult Book, as well as the Hugo, Kitschies, and World Fantasy Awards.
China Miéville : In 2015, he was announced as one of the founding editors of a new quarterly, "Salvage", with editor-in-chief Rosie Warren, editor Jamie Allinson and contributing editors Richard Seymour, Magpie Corvid and Charlotte Bence.
James Kottak : In February 1997, he helped Dio on their US tour by replacing Vinny Appice for four or five shows when Vinny Appice had pneumonia.
James Kottak : On September 12, 2016, he was fired from The Scorpions for his alcoholism, and would later work on his recovery.
James Kottak : On April 29, 2014, the "National Post" reported via the Associated Press that Kottak was arrested in Dubai and sentenced to one month in jail for offensive behavior, insulting Islam, and public drunkenness.
James Kottak : Kottak is one of the characters in the book "Sex Tips from Rock Stars" by Paul Miles published by Omnibus Press in July 2010.
James Kottak : He also played with guitarist Michael Lee Firkins.
James Kottak : James Kottak (born December 26, 1962 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American drummer.
James Kottak : On September 12, 2016, it was announced that Kottak was no longer in the band.
James Kottak : On April 28, 2016, it was announced that Kottak would be replaced by Mikkey Dee on 12 North American headlining dates, including a run of shows at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas dubbed "Scorpions blacked out in Las Vegas".
Martin Petrov : Martin Petyov Petrov (; born 15 January 1979) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a winger.
Martin Petrov : In summer 2005, Petrov was bought by Atlético Madrid for a fee of €10 million.
Martin Petrov : In 2001 Petrov moved to VfL Wolfsburg, where he established himself as an explosive player.
Martin Petrov : After 15 years abroad Petrov made his return to CSKA Sofia in October 2013.
Michael Gazzaniga : In 1961, Gazzaniga graduated from Dartmouth College.
Michael Gazzaniga : In his subsequent work he has made important advances in our understanding of functional lateralization in the brain and how the cerebral hemispheres communicate with one another.
Michael Gazzaniga : Gazzaniga was a member of U.S. President George W. Bush's Council on Bioethics.
Michael Gazzaniga : He is also the editor of "The Cognitive Neurosciences" book series published by the MIT Press, which features the work of nearly 200 scientists and is a sourcebook for the field.
Michael Gazzaniga : In 1964, he received a Ph.D. in psychobiology from the California Institute of Technology, where he worked under the guidance of Roger Sperry, with primary responsibility for initiating human split-brain research.
Michael Gazzaniga : Michael S. Gazzaniga (born December 12, 1939) is a professor of psychology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he heads the new SAGE Center for the Study of the Mind.
Ramil Guliyev : He was trained by his father Eldar Quliyev until the latter's death from a heart attack in June 2010.
Ramil Guliyev : He competes in the 100 metres and 200 metres events.
Ramil Guliyev : Ramil Guliyev (; born 29 May 1990) is an Azerbaijani-born naturalized Turkish sprinter.
Ramil Guliyev : His 200 m time is the second fastest by a junior athlete, after Usain Bolt's 19.93 sec.
Matthew Lowton : He can play in a number of defensive positions but is a natural right-back.
Matthew Lowton : Lowton played regularly for the remainder of the season, scoring four goals in all, but couldn't prevent the club from slipping to relegation.
Matthew Lowton : Despite this setback, he returned to the first-team picture and was rewarded with a new contract at the end of September.
Matthew Lowton : He made his debut in the Hungarian League Cup the next month, making twenty appearances for the club.
Matthew Lowton : With the Blades in League One at the time, Lowton remained a key player and was rewarded with an extended contract in August 2011, making 55 appearances in total for the Blades during the following season and scoring six goals.
Matthew Lowton : On 15 September, Lowton scored his first league goal for Villa in a 2–0 home win against Swansea City.
Matthew Lowton : Lowton completed a move to Aston Villa in July 2012 for an undisclosed fee, believed to be £3 million, becoming Paul Lambert's second signing as Villa manager, and made his debut on 18 August 2012, in the Premier League against West Ham United.
Matthew Lowton : Matthew John Lowton (born 9 June 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for club Burnley.
Matthew Lowton : The following season, Lowton started Sheffield United's opening day fixture, away to Cardiff City, but was issued with a straight red card.
Matthew Lowton : Lowton continued a run of substitute appearances and rewarded United's faith by scoring his first senior goal in mid-October, netting in a 3–3 home draw with Burnley.
Matthew Lowton : He joined Sheffield United aged fifteen after a spell with Leeds United and progressed through Sheffield United's youth set up to reserve level, converting from a full-back to a central defensive role in the process.
Matthew Lowton : Back in the Championship, Lowton found himself on the fringes of the first team and duly made his Blades debut in a 1–1 draw with Cardiff City at the end of March 2010, coming on as a late substitute, before making his full debut for the club in the final match of the season.
Lago Junior : Lago Junior Wakalible (born 31 December 1990), known as Junior, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca as a forward.
Kyle Korver : In 2010, he joined the Chicago Bulls.
Kyle Korver : On February 10, 2015, Korver received his first NBA All-Star selection as a reserve for the Eastern Conference in the 2015 NBA All-Star Game, replacing the injured Dwyane Wade.
Kyle Korver : On July 16, 2012, Korver was traded to the Atlanta Hawks in exchange for cash considerations.
Kyle Korver : On July 25, 2019, Korver signed a one-year deal with the Milwaukee Bucks.
Kyle Korver : On October 30, 2018, in a 136–114 win over the Atlanta Hawks, Korver reached 11,000 career points.
Kyle Korver : Kyle Elliot Korver (born March 17, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Kyle Korver : On June 26, 2003, Korver was selected by the New Jersey Nets with the 51st overall pick in the 2003 NBA draft.
Kyle Korver : On December 6, 2013, Korver passed the NBA record for most consecutive games with a made three-pointer (90) originally set by Dana Barros (89).
Kyle Korver : On December 29, 2007, Korver was traded to the Utah Jazz in exchange for Gordan Giriček and a future first-round draft pick.
Kyle Korver : The following day Korver was traded to the Phoenix Suns along with Jevon Carter in exchange for Josh Jackson, De'Anthony Melton, and a 2020 second-round pick.
Kyle Korver : On November 29, 2018, Korver was traded to the Utah Jazz in exchange for Alec Burks and two future second-round draft picks.
Kyle Korver : On January 7, 2017, Korver was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange for Mike Dunleavy, Mo Williams, cash considerations and a protected future first round draft pick.
Jorma Hynninen : In 1971 he took first prize in the Scandinavian Singing Competition in Helsinki and in 1996 won the Cannes Classical Award.
Jorma Hynninen : He has also served as Artistic Director of the Finnish National Opera from 1984 to 1990 and later became artistic director of the Savonlinna Opera Festival in Finland.
Jorma Hynninen : Hynninen was born on 3 April 1941 in Leppävirta, Finland.
Jorma Hynninen : His international career includes performances at the Vienna Opera, Milan's La Scala, the Bavarian State Opera in Munich, as well as Hamburg, Barcelona, Geneva and Berlin.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon was at the pinnacle of his career.
Hakeem Olajuwon : The Rockets won every road game that series.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Boom!
Hakeem Olajuwon : When asked later what a team could do to "solve" Olajuwon, Robinson told "LIFE" magazine: "Hakeem?
Hakeem Olajuwon : In 2008, he was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame, and in 2016, he was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame.
Hakeem Olajuwon : After being down 2–1, the Knicks took a 3–2 lead into Game 6.
Hakeem Olajuwon : You don't solve Hakeem."
Hakeem Olajuwon : Shortly after his retirement, his #34 jersey was retired by the Rockets.
Hakeem Olajuwon : As in 1994, Olajuwon was the only Rockets All-Star.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Listed at 7 ft 0 in (2.13 m), Olajuwon is considered one of the greatest centers ever to play the game.
Hakeem Olajuwon : He finished as runner-up to Michael Jordan in the 1985 Rookie of the Year voting, and was the only other rookie to receive any votes.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Drexler departed for the NBA in 1983, leaving Olajuwon the lone star on the team.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon averaged 20.6 points, 11.9 rebounds and 2.68 blocks in his rookie season.
Hakeem Olajuwon : The two led the Rockets to the 1986 NBA Finals, where they lost in six games to the Boston Celtics.
Hakeem Olajuwon : In 1994, he became the only player in NBA history to win the MVP, the Championship, the Finals MVP and Defensive Player of the Year awards in the same season.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Houston began to rebuild, bringing in young guards Cuttino Mobley and 2000 NBA co-Rookie of the Year Steve Francis.
Hakeem Olajuwon : He outplayed centers such as Patrick Ewing, David Robinson, Shaquille O'Neal, and Dikembe Mutombo, and other defensive stalwarts such as Dennis Rodman and Karl Malone.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon established himself as an unusually skilled offensive player for a big man, perfecting a set of fakes and spin moves that became known as his trademark "Dream Shake".
Hakeem Olajuwon : In the NBA Finals, the Rockets swept the Orlando Magic, who were led by a young Shaquille O'Neal.
Hakeem Olajuwon : His intuition proved correct, and a lucky toss placed Houston ahead of the Portland Trail Blazers.
Hakeem Olajuwon : In his sophomore and junior years he helped the Cougars advance to consecutive NCAA championship games, where they lost to North Carolina State on a last second tip-in in 1983 and a Patrick Ewing-led Georgetown team in 1984.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon outscored O'Neal in every game, scoring more than 30 points in each and raising his regular season rate by five while O'Neal's production dropped by one.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon was considered the top amateur prospect in the summer of 1984 over fellow collegians and future NBA stars Michael Jordan, Charles Barkley, and John Stockton, and was selected first overall by the Rockets in the 1984 NBA draft.
Hakeem Olajuwon : In Game 7, Olajuwon posted a game–high 25 points and 10 rebounds, which helped defeat the Knicks, bringing the first professional sports championship to Houston since the Houston Oilers won the American Football League championship in 1961.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Olajuwon led the Rockets to a championship in the 1994 NBA Finals in a seven-game series against the New York Knicks, the team of one of Olajuwon's perennial rivals since his collegiate days, Patrick Ewing.
Hakeem Olajuwon : Hakeem Abdul Olajuwon (; ; born January 21, 1963), formerly spelled (and still pronounced as) Akeem Olajuwon, is a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : Not seeing any chance of prevailing against the president, he abandoned his candidacy.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : He studied law at the University of Buenos Aires, graduating in 1971.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : He was taken to a room in the hotel "Y no C" and forced to perform for a pornographic video.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : Adolfo Rodríguez Saá became president after being elected with 169 votes to 138.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : Adolfo Rodríguez Saá was kidnapped on 21 October 1993.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : He was an editor of the anti-Peronist pamphlet "La voz de San Luis" (), but became a Peronist in 1969 during his studies in Buenos Aires.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : He attended the "Juan Pascual Pringles" school, which was associated with the National University of Cuyo.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : Adolfo Rodríguez Saá (born 25 July 1947) is an Argentine Peronist politician.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : The Senate chairman Ramón Puerta would have been the interim president, but resigned as well, so Eduardo Camaño, president of the Chamber of Deputies, was appointed interim president instead.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : He was replaced in the governor's office by vice-governor María Alicia Lemme, and took office on 23 December 2001.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá : Rodríguez Saá called for a meeting with governors in Chapadmalal, but only six governors out of twenty-three attended: Carlos Ruckauf, Juan Carlos Romero, Gildo Insfrán, Ángel Mazza, Carlos Rovira and Alicia Lemme.
Salah Mejri : Standing at , he plays at the center position.
Salah Mejri : Salah Mejri (Arabic: صالح الماجري; born June 15, 1986) is a Tunisian professional basketball player for Real Madrid of the Spanish Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
Randy Holcomb : He was also the first player to be selected in the NBA draft since Michael Cage, being taken by the San Antonio Spurs in the 2nd round (57th pick) of the 2002 NBA Draft.
Randy Holcomb : Randy Alfred Holcomb Jr (born August 8, 1979), also known as Raed Farid Elhamali, is an American-Libyan businessman and former professional basketball player.
Randy Holcomb : Holcomb played with the Libya national basketball team in 2009 under the name Raed Farid Elhamali.
Cristian Săpunaru : Nacional for the League Cup.
Cristian Săpunaru : Ionuț Cristian Săpunaru (born 5 April 1984) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Kayserispor mainly as a central defender.
Cristian Săpunaru : On 31 August 2012, Săpunaru signed a one-year contract with La Liga club Real Zaragoza.
Bong Joon-ho : His films feature social themes, genre-mixing, black humor, and sudden mood shifts.
Bong Joon-ho : In the early 1990s, Bong completed a two-year program at the Korean Academy of Film Arts.
Bong Joon-ho : Bong's fourth feature film "Mother" is the story of a doting mother who struggles to save her disabled son from a murder accusation.
Bong Joon-ho : In 2015, Bong's next film "Okja" was announced.
Bong Joon-ho : In 2008, Bong along with Michel Gondry and French director Leos Carax, directed a segment of "Tokyo!
Bong Joon-ho : He graduated from Yonsei University in 1995.
Bong Joon-ho : In 2017, "Metacritic" ranked Bong sixteenth on its list of the 25 best film directors of the 21st century.
Bong Joon-ho : His graduation films "Memory Within the Frame" and "Incoherence" were invited to screen at the Vancouver and Hong Kong international film festivals.
Bong Joon-ho : He garnered international acclaim for his second feature film "Memories of Murder" (2003), before achieving commercial success with his subsequent films "The Host" (2006) and "Snowpiercer" (2013), both of which are among the highest-grossing films of all time in South Korea.
Bong Joon-ho : That same year, Bong served as a jury member for the 27th Sundance Film Festival.
Filip Vujanović : Since May 1985, he has been married to Svetlana, court judge, with whom he has three children: two daughters (Tatjana and Nina), and a son (Danilo).
Filip Vujanović : Born and raised in Belgrade, Vujanović graduated from the University of Belgrade's Law School.
Filip Vujanović : He was the country's first president since its independence in June 2006.
Filip Vujanović : On 3 June 2006, Montenegro became an independent state.
Filip Vujanović : Filip Vujanović (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Филип Вујановић, ; born 1 September 1954) is a Montenegrin politician who served as the President of Montenegro from 2003 to 2018.
Mehmet Topal : He signed a four-year contract with a €2 million annually salary, plus bonuses.
Mehmet Topal : He is nicknamed "Örümcek" (Spider), due to his ability to use his long legs to win loose balls or cut passes.
Mehmet Topal : Mehmet Topal (born 3 March 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Mehmet Topal : In September 2006, Topal joined Süper Lig powerhouse Galatasaray SK, moving to the club alongside Japanese Junichi Inamoto.
Mehmet Topal : Topal signed for Valencia CF on 12 May 2010, for a fee believed to be in the region of €5.5 million.
Diplo : The music video was released on the same day.
Diplo : with Justin Bieber.
Diplo : Among other jobs, he has worked as an English teacher in Japan and a school teacher in Philadelphia.
Diplo : His alias, short for "Diplodocus", derives from his childhood fascination with dinosaurs.
Diplo : Diplo quickly developed a reputation for his extensive touring.
Diplo : This kind of jet setting pushed his label far beyond the favela funk genre with which it initially began.
Diplo : His 2013 EP, "Revolution", debuted at number 68 on the US "Billboard" 200.
Diplo : He has two sons, Lockett and Lazer, with Kathryn Lockhart.
Diplo : He moved to Philadelphia to continue his studies at Temple University, where he first garnered attention as a DJ.
Diplo : The duo released their debut single "Only Can Get Better" featuring [[Daniel Merriweather]] on May 23, 2018.
Diplo : Diplo was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013 and 2016 in the category Producer of the Year, Non-Classic.
Diplo : The duo's third single, "Loud", saw Diplo reunite with previous collaborators [[GoldLink]] & [[Desiigner]].
Diplo : In the April 2010 issue of "[[Rolling Stone]]", Diplo was touted as one of '40 Reasons to be Excited About Music'.
Diplo : Their second single, "Feel About You" featuring Mapei, was released on July 20, 2018.
Diplo : Although favela funk remained an interest (the Favela on Blast documentary just saw release in 2009), his Mad Decent imprint would serve as a blank palette for Diplo to showcase the myriad different sounds he had come across while touring around the world.
Diplo : Their 4th and most recent single features British singer/songwriter [[Dua Lipa]], called "[[Electricity (Silk City and Dua Lipa song)|Electricity]]", which was released on September 5, 2018.
Diplo : After taking a trip to [[Brazil]] to investigate the [[favela]] music scene, and fascinated with the energy the scene had to offer, Diplo decided to import a dance-funk group [[Bonde do Rolê]] from Brazil for release on his Mad Decent record label (also housed within 'The Mausoleum').
Diplo : LSD's debut album [[LSD (album)|"Labrinth, Sia & Diplo Present... LSD"]] was released on April 12, 2019.
Diplo : During his rise to fame, Diplo worked with British musician M.I.A., an artist who is credited with giving him exposure in his early career.
Diplo : On January 2, 2018 Diplo announced a new project with British DJ and singer [[Mark Ronson]], entitled [[Silk City (band)|Silk City]].
Diplo : Thomas Wesley Pentz (born November 10, 1978), known professionally as Diplo, is an American DJ, songwriter, and record producer based in Los Angeles, California.
Diplo : Since its foundation in 2005 Diplo's Mad Decent label has released music by Santigold, Baauer, Lil' Jon, [[Gucci Mane]], [[Peter Bjorn and John]], [[Rusko (musician)|Rusko]], Bosco Delrey, Buraka Som Sistema, Savage Skulls, Dana Sibuea, Oliver Twizt, Jamie Fanatic, Douster, Boy 8-Bit, and Popo.
Diplo : From this, Diplo went from an unknown DJ to taking off as a producer, landing him collaborations with artists like [[Shakira]], [[Robyn]], [[Kid Cudi]], [[Bruno Mars]], [[No Doubt]] and [[Snoop Dogg]], as well as work with Maluca, [[Kid Sister]], [[Die Antwoord]], [[Alex Clare]], Rolo Tomassi, Amanda Blank and Dark Meat.
John Ruddy : Ruddy was voted Player's Player of the Season following Norwich's 12th-place finish, this was a testament to Ruddy's performances for a highly attacking Norwich team, leading to suggestions that he should be called up for Roy Hodgson's England Euro 2012 squad.
John Ruddy : John Thomas Gordon Ruddy (born 24 October 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
David M. Jacobs : Jacobs has a high profile in the field of Ufology.
David M. Jacobs : He has lectured widely, been interviewed, and participated in numerous television and radio shows on the subject of alien abductions.
David M. Jacobs : He asserts that some of his research subjects are teaching these hybrids how to blend into human society so that they cannot be differentiated from humans, and that this is occurring worldwide.
David M. Jacobs : In recent years Jacobs has argued publicly that the evidence from his research, which sometimes includes utilizing hypnotic regression with alleged alien abductees along with traditional interview techniques, purports that alien-human hybrids were engaged in a covert program of infiltration into human society with possibly the final goal of taking over Earth.
David M. Jacobs : Jacobs obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1973, in the field of intellectual history.
David M. Jacobs : Jacobs is particularly well known in the field of ufology for his research and authoring of books on the subject of alleged alien abductions.
David M. Jacobs : David Michael Jacobs (born August 10, 1942) is an American historian and recently retired Associate Professor of History at Temple University specializing in 20th-century American history.
David M. Jacobs : For over 25 years Jacobs taught a course on "UFOs in American Society."
David M. Jacobs : As a faculty member of the Department of History at Temple University, Jacobs specialized in history of 20th-century American popular culture.
Bruno Thiry : The following year saw Thiry continue with Ford and he contested thirteen events with the exception of the Safari Rally and Rally Portugal due to an accident that caused Thiry two broken ribs and he was replaced by Ari Vatanen as the second driver for the team.
Jordi Carchano : Jordi Carchano (born 2 July 1984 in Sant Quirze del Vallès, Catalonia Spain) is a motorcycle road racer.
Daniel Gildenlöw : He was also an official member of the band The Flower Kings but was forced to leave before their 2005 US tour because he was opposed to USA's US-VISIT which requires submitting one's own biometric data first before entering the country.
Daniel Gildenlöw : Daniel Gildenlöw (born 5 June 1973 in Eskilstuna, Sweden) is a Swedish musician and songwriter.
Éver Banega : Éver Maximiliano David Banega (; born 29 June 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC and the Argentina national team as a central midfielder.
Éver Banega : On 27 May 2015, Banega started for Sevilla in the 2015 UEFA Europa League Final defeat of Dnipro at Poland's National Stadium, being named man of the match in the process.
Éver Banega : He required ankle surgery, going on to miss the remainder of the season; the club only confirmed that the player had been hurt in an accident involving his own car after leaving training, however Spanish media had reported that the injury occurred when he failed to put the handbrake on at a petrol station and, after the car moved, his leg was caught between the wheel and the curb.
Michael Douglas : They were both born on September 25, though 25 years apart.
Michael Douglas : They had one son, Cameron, born in 1978.
Michael Douglas : In March 1977, Douglas, who was 32 years old at the time, married 19-year-old Diandra Luker, the daughter of an Austrian diplomat.
Michael Douglas : They have two children, son Dylan Michael (born August 8, 2000) and daughter Carys Zeta (born April 20, 2003).
Michael Douglas : It was followed a year later by a sequel, "The Jewel of the Nile", which he also produced.
Michael Douglas : The year 1987 saw Douglas star in the thriller "Fatal Attraction" with Glenn Close.
Michael Douglas : Douglas has a younger brother, Joel Douglas (born 1947), and two paternal half-brothers, Peter Douglas (born 1955) and Eric Douglas (1958–2004), from stepmother Anne Buydens.
Michael Douglas : In 1998 Douglas received the Crystal Globe award for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
Michael Douglas : Michael Kirk Douglas (born September 25, 1944) is an American actor and producer.
Michael Douglas : His first significant role came in the TV series "The Streets of San Francisco" from 1972 to 1976, in which he starred alongside Karl Malden.
Michael Douglas : In December 2007 Douglas began announcing the introduction to "NBC Nightly News".
Carmelo Anthony : For his senior year, his mother considered transferring him to a different school.
Carmelo Anthony : He also took home Player of the Week honors for March 13, 2006 – March 19, 2006.
Carmelo Anthony : He had already missed three games in late December with a sore elbow.
Carmelo Anthony : He opted to have the hand splinted rather than have surgery; his recovery time was estimated at three to four weeks.
Carmelo Anthony : His mother, Mary, is African American and his father, Carmelo Iriarte, was Puerto Rican.
Carmelo Anthony : The only information released by the team was that the car Smith was driving belonged to Anthony.
Carmelo Anthony : He contributed $1.5 million to the Living Classrooms Foundation, a non-profit organization that "provides innovative hands-on-education, job-training, and community service programs for over 35,000 children, youth and young adults in the east Baltimore community."
Carmelo Anthony : In Denver, Anthony was a spokesman for the Family Resource Center and helped organize a Christmas party, entitled "A Very Melo Christmas," for less well-off children.
Carmelo Anthony : The team won the bronze medal.
Carmelo Anthony : As a result of his actions, Anthony was suspended for 15 games by NBA commissioner David Stern.
Carmelo Anthony : Coincidentally, Alex English witnessed Anthony tie his record as English was an Assistant Coach at the time with the Toronto Raptors.
Carmelo Anthony : He finished the game with 28 points.
Carmelo Anthony : Their son, Kiyan Carmelo Anthony, was born on March 7, 2007.
Carmelo Anthony : After the tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Anthony donated $35,000 to relief efforts.
Carmelo Anthony : On February 2, 2007, Anthony and teammate J. R. Smith were involved in a minor car accident.
Carmelo Anthony : All five of those game-winners were made on jump shots, while the shot against Minnesota was a three-point field goal.
Carmelo Anthony : As Anthony's grades dropped under a C average and his scores on the ACT were below acceptable standards, he knew that he needed to improve in the classroom to qualify academically for Syracuse.
Carmelo Anthony : He also appeared in the music video for Common's song "Be" from the album "Be" in 2005.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony has two brothers, Robert and Wilford, and a half-sister, Daphne.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was a guest star in the "Lost and Found" episode of "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide".
Carmelo Anthony : In January 2009, Colorado Sports Hall of Fame selected Anthony as its professional athlete of the year for 2008.
Carmelo Anthony : The duo did not get to play alongside one another until a home game against the Memphis Grizzlies on January 22, which was the day Anthony was allowed to return from his 15-game suspension.
Carmelo Anthony : Towson Catholic surged to a record of 26–3 and finished third in the state tournament.
Carmelo Anthony : The Nuggets were eliminated in the First Round for the fourth straight year.
Carmelo Anthony : He also became the second-youngest player (19 years, 305 days) to score at least 40 points in a game in NBA history.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony first thought of Virginia's Hargrave Military Academy but after talking to Steve Smith, the head coach at basketball powerhouse Oak Hill Academy, he eventually transferred to Oak Hill Academy in Virginia—winner of the "USA Today" 2000–01 high school championship—for his senior campaign.
Carmelo Anthony : On January 4, 2009, Anthony broke a bone in his hand in a game against the Indiana Pacers.
Carmelo Anthony : In a virtual repeat of the 2005 First Round playoff matchup between the two teams, Denver won the first game in San Antonio, 95–89, only to lose the next four games to the eventual NBA champions.
Carmelo Anthony : The others to do so were David Robinson, Tim Duncan and fellow rookie LeBron James.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony also committed $3 million toward the construction of a newly planned basketball practice facility at his alma mater, Syracuse University.
Carmelo Anthony : The 2010–11 season began with speculation that Anthony had requested a trade.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was second in the NBA Rookie of the Year voting, finishing runner-up to the Cavaliers rookie standout, James.
Carmelo Anthony : Team USA won the gold medal as they defended their 2008 title against Spain, winning 107–100.
Carmelo Anthony : It was the first time since the 1987–88 NBA season that the Nuggets finished with at least 50 wins in a season.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was the first Denver Nugget to be named an All-Star since Antonio McDyess in 2001.
Carmelo Anthony : On January 24, 2008, Anthony was named to his second consecutive NBA All-Star Game—his first as a starter.
Carmelo Anthony : He keyed a 75–73 victory against Argentina with a team-leading 23 points.
Carmelo Anthony : Gervin had set the record when he was competing against David Thompson for the scoring title on the last day of the 1977–78 season.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony had previous USA Basketball experience as a participant in the 2001 Youth Development Festival.
Carmelo Anthony : During the summer of 2001, Anthony led an AAU Baltimore Select team to the Final Four of the Adidas Big Time Tournament in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Carmelo Anthony : On November 19, 2019, Anthony was signed by the Portland Trail Blazers to a one-year, non-guaranteed deal.
Carmelo Anthony : On January 16, 2006, Anthony was chosen as the USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year after his performance at the FIBA World Championship.
Carmelo Anthony : 1 high school senior in the class of 2002, ranked second by College Basketball News and third by All-Star Sports.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony is the only player to appear on the cover of all three EA Sports basketball franchises (NCAA March Madness, NBA Live and NBA Street).
Carmelo Anthony : Footage showed Anthony laying a punch on the face of New York's Mardy Collins and subsequently backing away.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony returned from injury and to the Nuggets starting lineup on January 30, 2009, in a game against the Charlotte Bobcats in which he scored 19 points.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was born in the Red Hook housing projects in Brooklyn, New York City.
Carmelo Anthony : In the end, Towson Catholic fell short of the state title, although he was named Baltimore's County Player of the Year, All-Metropolitan Player of the Year and Baltimore Catholic League Player of the Year.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was suspended for one game by the Nuggets for staying on the court and refusing to leave the game after coach George Karl benched him during a game against the Pacers.
Carmelo Anthony : He finished as the leading vote-getter among Western Conference forwards (1,723,701 votes) and second in overall voting to Kobe Bryant (2,004,940 votes) among all Western Conference players.
Carmelo Anthony : Oak Hill Academy entered the 2001–02 campaign boasting a 42-game winning streak.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony finished the game with 28 points, as he and Iverson combined for 51 points.
Carmelo Anthony : On March 30, 2004, he scored 41 points against the Seattle SuperSonics to set a new Denver Nuggets franchise record for most points in a game by a rookie.
Carmelo Anthony : No NBA player had scored at least 35 points in five straight games since Kobe Bryant in the 2006–07 season.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony averaged 22.8 points per game and made a career-high 37.1% of his shots from three-point range.
Carmelo Anthony : Shortly thereafter, the Nuggets traded for Allen Iverson in a bid to form a deadly combination with Anthony.
Carmelo Anthony : The Clippers held home court advantage in the series, due to ending the regular season with a better record (Denver finished 44–38; Los Angeles finished 47–35).
Carmelo Anthony : Carmelo Kyam Anthony (born May 29, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Carmelo Anthony : Later that year, he was involved in the infamous Knicks–Nuggets brawl during a game at Madison Square Garden.
Carmelo Anthony : For the second time in three years, Anthony and the sixth-seeded Nuggets faced the third-seeded San Antonio Spurs in the First Round of the playoffs.
Carmelo Anthony : In the third game of the semifinals, Anthony made a last second three-point shot to give the Nuggets the win after being down by two points (103–105).
Carmelo Anthony : After winning the Rookie of the Month award for the Western Conference in the month of April, Anthony became the fourth player in NBA history to capture all six of the Rookie of the Month awards in a season.
Carmelo Anthony : On February 8, Anthony scored a then career-high 49 points in a 111–100 home win over the Washington Wizards.
Carmelo Anthony : In a two-point semifinal loss to host Venezuela, Anthony contributed 13 points and 10 rebounds.
Carmelo Anthony : The Nuggets finished the season in third place, winning the Northwest Division for the first time in Anthony's career.
Carmelo Anthony : James scored 36 points, while Anthony scored 34 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to lead Oak Hill to a 72–66 win.
Carmelo Anthony : After the Chicago victory, Anthony again tied the club record of six-straight 30-point games, failing to break it the second time around, as he scored 24 points in his 16th game (a 98–96 home loss to the Atlanta Hawks) on December 6.
Carmelo Anthony : He equaled the previous record of 28 points set by Allen Iverson in a qualifying tournament, which was later broken by James, who scored 31 points in the title-clinching win against Argentina.
Carmelo Anthony : Denver faced the sixth-seeded Los Angeles Clippers in the First Round of the playoffs.
Carmelo Anthony : He followed the next night with 40 points in a 95–82 victory over the Atlanta Hawks, and then 41 points against the Milwaukee Bucks two days later, becoming the first Knicks player since Bernard King to score 40+ points in three consecutive games.
Carmelo Anthony : In just his sixth career NBA game (November 7 versus the Los Angeles Clippers), Anthony scored 30 points, becoming the second youngest player in NBA history to score 30 points or more in a game (19 years, 151 days; Kobe Bryant was the youngest).
Carmelo Anthony : Three days later, Anthony recorded his first career triple-double, with 31 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists, in a 113–108 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony shot 12 of 15 (80%) in the third quarter and finished the game with 45 points, 11 rebounds, three assists, and four steals.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony scored 20 points with nine rebounds in his All-Star debut.
Carmelo Anthony : He had a field goal percentage of .760 on a 19-of-25 shooting effort, and his shooting percentage was the second highest in the last 13 years for a player who took 25 or more shots in a game (Bryant was first with a .769 field goal percentage on a 20-of-26 shooting effort, in a 99–94 road victory over the Houston Rockets on December 21, 2000).
Carmelo Anthony : The seven games separating the Nuggets overall record and the Lakers overall record is the closest margin between an eighth seed and a top seed since the NBA went to a 16-team playoff format in 1983–84.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony was also named NBA Player of the Week twice (March 10, 2004 – March 14, 2004, and April 6, 2004 – April 10, 2004) and was a unanimous NBA All-Rookie First Team selection.
Carmelo Anthony : He also became only the third NBA player to score at least 40 points on at least 60% field-goal shooting in three consecutive games, joining King and Michael Jordan.
Carmelo Anthony : After losing in five straight playoff appearances (2004–2008), on April 29, 2009, Anthony won his first playoff series when the Nuggets beat the New Orleans Hornets at home 107–86 where Anthony finished with a playoff career-high 34 points and four steals.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony played one season at Syracuse University, during the 2002–03 season, where he averaged 22.2 points (16th in the NCAA, fourth in the Big East) and 10.0 rebounds (19th in the NCAA, third in the Big East, first among NCAA Division I freshmen).
Carmelo Anthony : The Nuggets won the Northwest Division and placed second in the Western Conference, finishing the season with a franchise record-tying 54 wins (54–28 overall).
Carmelo Anthony : For the series, Anthony averaged 22.5 points, 9.5 rebounds (playoff career-high), 2.0 assists and 0.5 steals per game.
Carmelo Anthony : The Nuggets faced the top-seeded Los Angeles Lakers (57–25 overall record) in the First Round of the Playoffs.
Carmelo Anthony : The Nuggets beat the Hornets in five games in the First Round of the playoffs and proceeded to beat the Dallas Mavericks 4–1 in the Conference Semifinals with Anthony scoring 30 points in a solid game five performance.
Carmelo Anthony : In the playoff series against the Spurs, Anthony averaged a team-high 26.8 points to go along with 8.6 rebounds, 1.2 assists and 1.0 steals per game.
Carmelo Anthony : The Lakers swept the Nuggets in four games, marking the second time in NBA history that a 50-win team was swept in a best-of-seven playoff series in the First Round.
Carmelo Anthony : During the season, Anthony made five game-winning shots in the last five seconds: at Houston on January 8, 2006; at home versus Phoenix on January 10; at Minnesota on February 24; at Indiana on March 15; at home versus the Los Angeles Lakers on April 6.
Carmelo Anthony : He made shots in the final 22 seconds against the Cleveland Cavaliers on January 18, 2006, and the Philadelphia 76ers on March 9, which gave the Nuggets leads they would never lose.
Carmelo Anthony : Anthony won Player of the Week honors three times during the season (November 20–26; November 27 – December 3; and February 5–11), and received Player of the Month honors for April, after leading the Nuggets to a 10–1 record for the month and into sixth place in the final regular season standings of the Western Conference.
Carmelo Anthony : He played in 77 games during the regular season, finishing as the NBA's fourth-leading scorer with 25.7 points per game, and had career-highs in rebounds per game (7.4) and steals per game (1.3).
Carmelo Anthony : On January 30, 2013, in a game against the Orlando Magic, Anthony set the Knicks' team-record with 30 straight 20-point games, breaking the old record set by Richie Guerin (29 games).
Carmelo Anthony : On December 10, 2008, in a 116–105 home win over the Timberwolves, Anthony tied George Gervin for the most points scored in one quarter in NBA history by scoring 33 points in the third quarter.
Carmelo Anthony : In the eighth game of the season (a 117–109 home win against the Toronto Raptors), Anthony tied the franchise record of six-straight 30-point games recorded by Alex English (1982–83 season).
Hubert Auriol : Auriol began competing in motocross and enduro events in 1973.
Hubert Auriol : Hubert Auriol (; born in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia, June 7, 1952) is a former French racing driver and former director of The Paris-Dakar rally.
Hubert Auriol : Auriol was the first racer to win the Dakar in both bikes and automobiles.
Hubert Auriol : On a bike, he won the event in 1981 and 1983 on a BMW R80G/S entered by BMW France, finishing in second in 1984.
Hubert Auriol : From 1979 to 1994, he took part in The Paris-Dakar rally, taking part in the first nine events on a bike and the remaining seven on a car.
Hubert Auriol : He headed the event until the 2004 edition, when he was replaced by Patrick Zaniroli.
Hubert Auriol : Then Auriol switched to the car class in 1988, first racing a works Mitsubishi Pajero Proto T3, but after losing the event to Ari Vatanen in 1990, switched to the Citroën team, winning in 1992 with a ZX Rallye Raid, co-driven by Philippe Monnet.
Steven S. Vogt : Steven Scott Vogt (born December 20, 1949) is an American astronomer of German descent whose main interest is the search for extrasolar planets.
Ion Vélez : Ion Vélez Martínez (born 17 February 1985 in Tafalla, Navarre) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Peña Sport FC as a forward.
Fabrice Philipot : Fabrice Philipot (born 24 September 1965 in Montbard, Côte-d'Or) is a former French road bicycle racer.
Sebastian Langeveld : His biggest win to date was the 2011 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad with where he beat Juan Antonio Flecha in a photofinish.
Sebastian Langeveld : Sebastian Langeveld (born 17 January 1985) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Siniša Mihajlović : He was the coach of the Serbia national football team from May 2012 to November 2013, and holds an Italian passport.
Siniša Mihajlović : On 25 May 2016, Mihajlović was appointed manager of Torino.
Siniša Mihajlović : Siniša Mihajlović (, ; born 20 February 1969) is a Serbian professional football manager and former footballer, who is the manager of Serie A club Bologna.
Siniša Mihajlović : Mihajlović was also in the team later that year when Red Star Belgrade won the Intercontinental Cup, defeating Colo-Colo 3–0.
Siniša Mihajlović : In the summer 2004, 35-year-old Mihajlović was released from Lazio and joined his friend and former teammate Roberto Mancini at Internazionale on a free transfer, signing a one-year deal.
Siniša Mihajlović : On 18 June 2018, Mihajlović took over as manager of Sporting CP, signing a three-year contract with the Portuguese club.
Siniša Mihajlović : In the final, Red Star defeated Olympique de Marseille on penalties, after a 0–0 draw at full time, with Mihajlović being one of the shootout scorers.
Eric Bana : You cannot look away from him".
Eric Bana : (Bana has had this car for more than a quarter century.
Eric Bana : Neither he nor his co-driver were injured.
Eric Bana : I have always been in the company of people of European origin".
Eric Bana : "Wog is such a terrible word," he said.
Eric Bana : When you're on a long shoot it is a long personal investment.
Eric Bana : "Troy" could take $50 and I wouldn't regret it."
Eric Bana : If I wasn't happy with the end result I'd be bloody upset, but in every case so far I've been happy.
Eric Bana : He has stated: "I have always been proud of my origin, which had a big influence on my upbringing.
Eric Bana : In school, he mimicked his teachers as a means to get out of trouble.
Eric Bana : Bana can often be seen at AFL games when he is back in Australia.
Eric Bana : Bana is a prominent fan of Australian rules football.
Eric Bana : On official identity documents he still has his birth surname, Banadinović.
Eric Bana : In 2004, he appeared in several high-profile advertisements for the fellowship.
Eric Bana : The film became another success for Bana as it opened at No.
Eric Bana : He responded in "Empire Magazine": "It's not like it [Hulk] was a flop.
Eric Bana : Dominik had been working on the project for five years, but was unable to find an actor to portray Read.
Eric Bana : Bana is also an advocate for the Mental Illness Fellowship, which works to increase the awareness of mental illness in Australia.
Eric Bana : Bana was surprised to be offered the role and admitted that he "probably would have just passed it on without even opening it" if it had been presented to him under a different title.
Eric Bana : In 2004, Bana purchased a Porsche 944 to compete in Australia's Porsche Challenge.
Eric Bana : He also trained with Delta Force operators at Fort Bragg, learning to fire weapons and clear rooms.
Eric Bana : Bana is an ambassador for Father Chris Riley's charity for homeless young people, Youth Off The Streets, and has appeared with Riley in advertisements to support the organisation's annual appeal.
Eric Bana : Bana is also active in campaigns with the Australian Childhood Foundation and the Bone Marrow Donor Institute.
Eric Bana : In spite of the film's limited release outside of Australia, Bana's performance received positive reviews.
Eric Bana : Scott, with a recommendation from Russell Crowe and impressed by Bana's performance in "Chopper", did not require him to audition.
Eric Bana : Competing throughout 2004, he often finished in the top ten and in November, finished fourth at the Sandown event, a personal best.
Eric Bana : At the age of 14, he wanted to leave school to focus full-time on becoming a motor mechanic, but his father convinced him to complete school, advising him to avoid making his hobby a job.
Eric Bana : The film was an international success, grossing US$364 million, with US$133 million in the US.
Eric Bana : For the role, Bana shaved his head, gained thirty pounds, and spent two days with Read to perfect his mimicry.
Eric Bana : Bana's next project was the historical drama "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008).
Eric Bana : Only after Read himself suggested Bana, having seen him perform a skit on television, did Dominik consider him for the part.
Eric Bana : Bana is a motor racing enthusiast, and participates in various motor racing competitions in Australia.
Eric Bana : Showing acting skill early in life, Bana began doing impressions of family members at the age of six or seven, first mimicking his grandfather's walk, voice and mannerisms.
Eric Bana : His father, Ivan, was Croatian and worked as a logistics manager for Caterpillar Inc., and his German mother, Eleanor, was a hairdresser, originally from near Mannheim in Germany.
Eric Bana : During his four years on the show, Bana wrote much of his own material, and based some of his characters on members of his family.
Eric Bana : During filming he arrived on set at four in the morning and spent five hours being covered in Read's trademark tattoos.
Eric Bana : Bana's performance won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actor.
Eric Bana : In the film, he played Prince Hector, leader of the Trojan forces battling against the Greek warrior Achilles.
Eric Bana : Bana and Gleeson have two children, a son, Klaus (born August 1998), and a daughter, Sophia (born April 2002).
Eric Bana : The "Los Angeles Times" wrote that Bana as Avner "projects a combination of sensitivity and ruthlessness and ... knows how to present a face for which worry is a new experience."
Eric Bana : "Lucky You", a romantic comedy on which Bana worked before filming "Munich", was released in early 2007.
Eric Bana : Bana grew up in Melbourne's Tullamarine, a suburban area on the northern edge of the city, near Melbourne's international airport, and attended Penleigh and Essendon Grammar School.
Eric Bana : He said he was drawn to the film because "the character of Bruce Banner had dramatic potential" and was "a fairly non-traditional superhero".
Eric Bana : "The Castle" was a surprise critical and financial success, earning A$10,326,428 at the box office in Australia.
Eric Bana : Bana played Avner, a Mossad agent, who is ordered to track down and kill the Black September terrorists thought to be responsible for the massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Eric Bana : Since 1995, he has participated in the Motorcycle Riders Association Toy Run in Melbourne, which raises money and toys for needy children at Christmas.
Eric Bana : In 2006, Bana was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Eric Bana : They married in 1997, after Bana proposed to her on a trip to the United States, which he won from "Cleo Magazine" after being named their "Bachelor of the Year" in 1996.
Eric Bana : He was featured in a supporting role as Con Petropoulous, a kickboxing accountant who is the householder's son-in-law.
Eric Bana : His love of the sport began at a young age when his godfather took him to games to see the St Kilda Football Club, his favourite team in the Australian Football League.
Eric Bana : In the film, he played Huck Cheever, a professional poker player who must overcome his personal problems to win a high-stakes tournament in Las Vegas.
Eric Bana : In the film, Bana played Nero, a Romulan mining ship captain who attempts to exact revenge on Spock, whom he blames for the destruction of his homeworld and its inhabitants.
Eric Bana : Bana admired Lee for his work on the film "The Ice Storm" and agreed to work on the film before the final script was complete.
Eric Bana : Bana appeared on the British motoring show "Top Gear" on 15 November 2009 as a guest for its "Star in a Reasonably Priced Car" segment.
Eric Bana : American film critic Roger Ebert complimented Bana, stating that "in a comedian named Eric Bana the filmmakers have found, I think, a future star ...
Eric Bana : After the critical disappointment of "Hulk" and "Troy", critics questioned Bana's bankability in big-budget films.
Eric Bana : Bana shed the weight he had gained for "Chopper" and began an exercise regimen months before filming began.
Eric Bana : In 1993, Bana made his television debut on Steve Vizard's late night talk show, "Tonight Live".
Eric Bana : The film was a critical success and grossed over US$380 million worldwide.
Eric Bana : Along the way he seeks guidance and wisdom from the inner sanctum of his three lifelong friends, as well as celebrities Jay Leno, Jeremy Clarkson, and Dr. Phil.
Eric Bana : In 2010, Bana was named the "Saints Number One Ticket Holder".
Eric Bana : His impressions of Columbo, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone, and Tom Cruise made Bana popular with the show's audience.
Eric Bana : His stand-up gigs in inner-city pubs did not provide him with enough income to support himself, however, so he continued his work as a barman and waiting tables.
Eric Bana : Bana read the script after filming "Chopper" in 2000 and was drawn to it because it reminded him of his childhood and because he found its characters amusing and likeable.
Eric Bana : Even so, in 1997, he received a Logie Award for "Most Popular Comedy Personality" for his work on the show.
Eric Bana : As a teen, he watched the Mel Gibson film "Mad Max" (1979), and decided he wanted to become an actor.
Eric Bana : The series, written and performed by Bana, featured skits, stand-up and celebrity guests, but failed to attract a substantial audience and was cancelled after only eight episodes due to low ratings.
Eric Bana : In a cover story for "The Mail on Sunday", he told author Antonella Gambotto-Burke that his family had suffered from racist taunts, and that it had distressed him.
Eric Bana : However, he did not seriously consider a career in the performing arts until 1991 when he was persuaded to try comedy while working as a barman at Melbourne's Castle Hotel.
Eric Bana : Bana has performed across a wide spectrum of leading roles in a variety of low-budget and major studio films, ranging from romantic comedies and drama to science fiction and action films.
Eric Bana : Eric Banadinović, (born 9 August 1968), known professionally as Eric Bana (), is an Australian actor.
Eric Bana : Bana purchased his first car, a 1974 XB Ford Falcon coupé, at the age of 15 for A$1100 and, driving it, made his motor sport racing debut in Targa Tasmania 1996, a week-long race around Tasmania.
Eric Bana : In the film, he played Sergeant First Class Norm 'Hoot' Hooten, an elite Delta Force soldier, who fights his way out of a battle in Mogadishu, Somalia after a mission to capture two top lieutenants of a renegade warlord goes awry.
Eric Bana : That same year, Bana made his film debut in the Australian film "The Castle", which tells the story of a Melbourne-based family's struggles to keep their home by Melbourne's airport as the airport authority force them to move.
Eric Bana : On 21 April 2007 Bana crashed his 1974 XB Falcon Coupe in the Targa Tasmania rally.
Eric Bana : This success led him to record the comedy album "Out of Bounds" in 1994 and to host his own television special, titled "Eric", in 1996.
Eric Bana : The show, a collection of sketches featuring everyday characters, prompted him to launch a sketch comedy series "The Eric Bana Show".
Eric Bana : In 2001, director Ridley Scott cast Bana as an American soldier in the film "Black Hawk Down" (2001).
Eric Bana : After a decade of roles in Australian TV shows and films, Bana gained Hollywood's attention for his performance in the war film "Black Hawk Down" (2001) and the title character in "Hulk" (2003).
Eric Bana : An accomplished dramatic actor and comedian, he received Australia's highest film and television awards for his performances in "Chopper", "Full Frontal" and "Romulus, My Father".
Eric Bana : In 2004, Bana co-starred with Brad Pitt in the big-budget film "Troy".
Eric Bana : A comedy, the film portrays the effect of instant wealth on three working class men and was released with moderate success in Australia.
Eric Bana : In the film he played Henry VIII of England opposite Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman.
Eric Bana : Bana's love for St Kilda FC resulted in the club being featured in the film "Funny People" and in Bana's promotion of the film in 2009, notably on NBC's "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".
Eric Bana : The film was a critical success, and was nominated for five Academy Awards in 2006.
Eric Bana : He has since played Hector in the movie "Troy" (2004), the lead in Steven Spielberg's historical drama and political thriller "Munich" (2005), Henry VIII in "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008), and the villain Nero in the science-fiction film "Star Trek" (2009).
Eric Bana : While filming "The Nugget", Bana was offered the lead role of Bruce Banner in the film adaptation of the popular Marvel Comic book series "The Incredible Hulk".
Eric Bana : Bana also played Henry De Tamble in "The Time Traveler's Wife" (2009).
Eric Bana : In 1995, while working on the television series "Full Frontal", Bana began dating Rebecca Gleeson, a publicist with the Seven Network and daughter of then Chief Justice of New South Wales, and later Chief Justice of Australia, Murray Gleeson.
Eric Bana : It details his personal relationship with his first car and follows his progression as a car lover.
Eric Bana : In 1997, in spite of his lack of experience in dramatic roles, Bana was approached by director Andrew Dominik to appear in the film "Chopper" (2000), a biographical film based on the life of infamous Australian criminal Chopper Read.
Eric Bana : Bana also co-starred with Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen in Judd Apatow's third directorial feature, about stand-up comics, titled "Funny People", marking Bana's first appearance in an American mainstream comedy.
Eric Bana : The film details the central role that racing and fixing this same car has played in his life and the lives of his friends.)
Eric Bana : His performance gained the attention of producers from the sketch comedy series, "Full Frontal", who invited him to join the show as a writer and performer.
Eric Bana : The film, based on Raimond Gaita's memoir of the same name, portrays a couple and their struggle in the face of adversity to raise their son.
Eric Bana : In 2011, Bana appeared as ex-CIA operative Erik Heller in the action thriller film "Hanna", starring alongside Saoirse Ronan and Cate Blanchett.
Eric Bana : In August 2009, he appeared as Henry DeTamble in the film adaptation of "The Time Traveler's Wife".
Eric Bana : The following year, he co-starred with Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto in the science fiction film "Star Trek".
Eric Bana : The following year, Bana co-starred with Daniel Craig and Geoffrey Rush in Steven Spielberg's controversial film "Munich".
Eric Bana : The film was a critical success, and Bana's performance earned him a second Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actor.
Eric Bana : "Chopper" was a critical and financial success in Australia, and was nominated for Best Film at the Australian Film Institute Awards in 2001.
Cyril Despres : Cyril Despres (born 24 January 1974) is a French rally racer and resident of Andorra.
Cyril Dessel : In 2006, he won the Tour Méditerranéen on the UCI Europe Tour.
Cyril Dessel : Cyril Dessel (born 29 November 1974 in Rive-de-Gier, Loire) is a former French professional road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional from 2000 to 2011.
Cyril Dessel : Then in the 2006 Tour de France, he finished second in the tenth stage, taking the leader's yellow jersey for a day and the lead in the King of the Mountains competition; he eventually finished sixth.
Cyril Dessel : In 2008, he won the 16th stage of the Tour after being in a chase group most of the day, beating David Arroyo, Yaroslav Popovych and Sandy Casar.
Ciriaco Sforza : 1.
Ciriaco Sforza : He retired at the end of the season, in summer 2006.
Ciriaco Sforza : According to his website, he is married and has two children.
Ciriaco Sforza : FC Kaiserslautern
Ciriaco Sforza : FC Kaiserslautern, and FC Bayern Munich in Germany.
Ciriaco Sforza : Ciriaco Sforza (; born 2 March 1970) is a Swiss former professional football player and currently the manager of FC Wil, who played as a midfielder.
Ciriaco Sforza : After two seasons at FC Bayern, he returned to Kaiserslautern in 2002, joining Kaiserslautern for a third time, Sforza's "double return" is unique in the German Bundesliga.
Ciriaco Sforza : Conflicts between Klinsmann and team captain Lothar Matthäus poisoned the atmosphere and many scandals underlined why FC Bayern is nicknamed "FC Hollywood".
Ciriaco Sforza : Sforza started his career in his hometown club FC Wohlen.
Fernando Sánchez Cipitria : Fernando Sánchez Cipitria (born 12 September 1971), known simply as Fernando, is a Spanish former footballer who played mostly as a left midfielder, and is the manager of Chinese club Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard FC.
Imanol Uribe : Uribe was married to María Barranco.
Imanol Uribe : Imanol Uribe (born 28 February 1950) is a Spanish screenwriter and film director.
Dolph Lundgren : His father died in 2000.
Dolph Lundgren : He is an avid football fan.
Dolph Lundgren : Lundgren tried out for the role, but as he himself has stated, he was initially turned down because he was too tall.
Dolph Lundgren : Lundgren weighed his all-time heaviest during the filming at .
Dolph Lundgren : In 1994, he married Anette Qviberg, a jewellery designer and fashion stylist, in Marbella.
Dolph Lundgren : He speaks Swedish and English fluently, as well as smaller amounts of French, German, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish, but is not fluent in five languages as has often been reported.
Dolph Lundgren : He also had a recurring role in the fifth season of "Arrow" (2012–present), playing antagonist Konstantin Kovar.
Dolph Lundgren : They have two daughters: Ida Sigrid Lundgren and Greta Eveline Lundgren, both born in Stockholm.
Dolph Lundgren : Lundgren trained with the U.S. pentathlon team in preparation for the role, which later led to him being selected to serve as the (non-competing) Team Leader of the 1996 U.S. Olympic Modern Pentathlon team during the Atlanta Games, to promote the image of the sport and to coordinate planning and other details between the team and the United States Olympic Committee.
Dolph Lundgren : Lundgren was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1983.
Dolph Lundgren : He captained the Swedish Kyokushin karate team, and was a formidable challenger at the 1979 World Open Tournament (arranged by the Kyokushin Karate Organization) when he was only a green belt.
Dolph Lundgren : In 1995, Lundgren appeared in Robert Longo's "Johnny Mnemonic", co-starring Keanu Reeves.
Dolph Lundgren : Lundgren received his first lead role as the mighty He-Man in "Masters of the Universe" (1987), based on the popular children's toyline and cartoon.
Dolph Lundgren : Hans Lundgren (born 3 November 1957), better known as Dolph Lundgren (, ), is a Swedish actor, filmmaker, martial artist and chemical engineer.
Dolph Lundgren : He holds the rank of 3rd "dan" black belt in Kyokushin karate and was European champion in 1980–81.
Georges Corm : He served as Finance Minister in the government of Salim El Hoss.
Georges Corm : Georges Corm is a Lebanese economist.
Pedro de la Rosa : He finished fifth and set the fastest lap in the race.
Pedro de la Rosa : In 1992 he was both European and British Formula Renault champion.
Pedro de la Rosa : In 2000 he remained at Arrows alongside Dutchman Jos Verstappen.
Pedro de la Rosa : He was also the All Japan GT Champion with Michael Krumm.
Pedro de la Rosa : In 1991, De la Rosa achieved fourth place in the Spanish Formula Renault Championship with three podium finishes.
Pedro de la Rosa : After Sergio Pérez's accident in Monaco, De la Rosa replaced him for Sauber at the , after Pérez decided after the first free practice session on Friday, to sit out the rest of the weekend.
Pedro de la Rosa : Pedro Martínez de la Rosa (; born 24 February 1971) is a Spanish former Formula One driver who has participated in 107 Grands Prix for the Arrows, Jaguar, McLaren, Sauber and HRT teams, debuting on 7 March 1999, becoming one of very few drivers to score a point at his first race.
David Ospina : Ospina is married to Colombian model Jesica Sterling, whom he married in 2012, and has one daughter named Dulce María and a son named Maximiliano.
David Ospina : In October, Ospina suffered a thigh injury that would keep him out effectively for the rest of the 2014 calendar year.
David Ospina : After Ospina's performances at the 2014 World Cup and his rejection of a contract extension, he was linked to many European sides.
David Ospina : Through the club's official Instagram account, Arsenal revealed that Ospina would wear the number 13 shirt for the club, last worn by loanee Emiliano Viviano.
David Ospina : David Ospina Ramírez (, born 31 August 1988) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Napoli, and the Colombia national team.
David Ospina : However, Ospina was served as a substitute of Lionel Letizi for the first few months of his career, before breaking into the first team.
David Ospina : Ospina conceded the penalty, taken by its earner, but Arsenal won 4–1, making several vital saves in the process.
David Ospina : Frédéric Antonetti, the manager of Nice who brought Ospina to the club, said, "He has everything you need to be a top goalkeeper.
David Ospina : Ospina played a total of 97 matches with the team, even being called to the national team.
David Ospina : On 23 September 2014, Ospina made his debut for Arsenal in the League Cup match against Southampton, a 2–1 home defeat.
David Ospina : He made his second Arsenal appearance on 1 October in their UEFA Champions League group stage match at home to Galatasaray, replacing Alexis Sánchez after starting goalkeeper Wojciech Szczęsny had been sent off for a professional foul on Burak Yılmaz.
David Ospina : Ospina made his first start for Arsenal of the 2016–17 season in the club's opening game in the UEFA Champions League Group-stage against French champions Paris Saint Germain, producing a man-of-the-match performance as Arsenal drew 1–1; Ospina himself drew praise for many saves made during the game, mainly against striker Edinson Cavani.
Ciprian Marica : Marica played only seven games in 14 months for the Turkish side, mainly because of his injuries.
Ciprian Marica : Marica signed a 5-year contract.
Ciprian Marica : He became the 59th footballer to play for both big Bucharest rivals, Dinamo and Steaua.
Ciprian Marica : In his first match with Steaua, a 2-0 victory against CS Concordia Chiajna, he played from the start and was replaced after 84 minutes.
Ciprian Marica : On 14 January 2016, Marica reached an agreement with Steaua Bucharest, thus returning to a Romanian club after 12 years.
Ciprian Marica : In the summer of 2014, Marica signed a two-year contract with Turkish side Konyaspor.
Ciprian Marica : Ciprian Andrei Marica (; born 2 October 1985) is a Romanian former professional footballer.
Ciprian Marica : On 23 July 2007, he transferred to German club VfB Stuttgart, after his former club, Shakhtar Donetsk, rejected another offer, from English team Derby County amongst interest from Manchester City.
Ciprian Marica : On 31 October, Marica scored his first league goal in a 2–0 away win against Villarreal.
Jón Gnarr : He was also a co-writer in the series, which introduced a number of new actors.
Jón Gnarr : Jón Gnarr is married to Jóhanna Jóhannsdóttir, with whom he has five children,
Jón Gnarr : His stand-up comedy show "Ég var einu sinni nörd" ("I Used To Be a Nerd") is autobiographical.
Jón Gnarr : His best known movies are "The Icelandic Dream" and "A Man like Me".
Jón Gnarr : In 2009, he formed the Best Party, a political party that began as political satire but quickly turned into a real political player due to its electoral successes, which were perceived to be a reaction to the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis.
Jón Gnarr : Gnarr was known as Jónsi Punk as a teenager and played bass in a punk band called Nefrennsli ("Runny Nose").
Jón Gnarr : The Best Party, which is a satirical political party that parodies Icelandic politics and aims to make the life of the citizens more fun, managed a plurality in the 2010 municipal elections in Reykjavík, with the party gaining six out of 15 seats on the Reykjavík City Council (34.7 percent of the vote).
Jón Gnarr : In 1997, he joined TV station Stöð 2 where he wrote and starred in several seasons of the Icelandic comedy show "Fóstbræður".
Jón Gnarr : Born Jón Gunnar Kristinsson, Jón legally changed his middle name in 2005 to the way his mother pronounced it when he was a boy.
Borja Criado : Upon appeal, Criado's sentence was reduced to nine months then three, but he eventually chose to retire after losing all motivation, aged just 26.
Borja Criado : Criado was one of the players that remained with the club after it was relocated to Granada and renamed Granada 74 CF.
Borja Criado : Since 2001, the player had been fighting against baldness with a product which contained the substance, interrupted the treatment for two years upon improving on his condition, then resumed it in 2005, the year when Finasteride was banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency due to the fact it could be used to mask other drugs, as steroids.
Borja Criado : Borja Eduardo Criado Malagarriga (born 16 April 1982) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.
Borja Criado : In early January 2008, although initially acquitted by the Royal Spanish Football Federation's Competition Committee and Appeal Committee, he received a two-year ban for having tested positive for Finasteride in the previous year, whilst a Ciudad Murcia player.
Judd Apatow : I said, 'enough of that.'
Judd Apatow : He became a member in 2008.
Judd Apatow : The summer is no time for grown-ups."
Judd Apatow : It isn't collaborative in the same way as other shows.
Judd Apatow : However, the film was never made.
Judd Apatow : I'm a guy and so it leaned guy for a while.
Judd Apatow : His family is Jewish, "but nonreligious."
Judd Apatow : The other problems they encounter—money issues, conflicts at work—don't matter."
Judd Apatow : The pilot was not picked up by ABC.
Judd Apatow : He also wrote and directed several episodes of the series.
Judd Apatow : He's the perfect match for a story about being 25, because that's all 25-year-olds are interested in.
Judd Apatow : The film received an 85% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Judd Apatow : We are probably closer to "Curb Your Enthusiasm" than we are to something like "Friends"."
Judd Apatow : No, I just like immaturity, I like to show people struggle and try to figure out who they are.
Judd Apatow : While the film received positive reviews, it did poorly commercially.
Judd Apatow : Robert went to live with his maternal grandparents, and Mia went to live with her mother.
Judd Apatow : The film was a box office success.
Judd Apatow : He tries to keep a low budget on his projects and usually makes his movies about the work itself rather than using big stars.
Judd Apatow : When Apatow was twelve years old, his parents divorced.
Judd Apatow : They were married on June 9, 1997 in Los Angeles, and have two daughters, Maude and Iris.
Judd Apatow : On May 12, 2013, the television show Girls won a BAFTA for Best International Program.
Judd Apatow : He was also featured in four tracks on Sandler's 1996 comedy album "What the Hell Happened to Me?"
Judd Apatow : Apatow has an older brother, Robert, and a younger sister, Mia.
Judd Apatow : It's only with the help of other famous comedians (playing fictional versions of themselves) that Pete is able to learn the ropes of the stand up comedy world.
Judd Apatow : He also released his third directorial feature on July 31 that same year, titled "Funny People".
Judd Apatow : He explained his position as, "I like movies that are, you know, uplifting and hopeful...and I like filth!"
Judd Apatow : Subsequently, he was cast in a supporting role as a police officer and friend Jonah Hill took his role as the high school student.
Judd Apatow : He never fires writers and he keeps them on projects through all stages of productions, known colloquially as "the comedy wheel."
Judd Apatow : In his comedy, Garry Shandling always was in pursuit of the truth and contemplating real life.
Judd Apatow : But one of the projects I'm most proud of is "Freaks and Geeks", which is about a woman in high school struggling to figure out which group she wants to belong to, so for me, it goes back and forth."
Judd Apatow : As a child, Apatow lived mainly with his father, and visited his mother on weekends.
Judd Apatow : The series followed a young couple navigating the thrills and agonies of modern relationships, and ran on Netflix for three seasons.
Judd Apatow : His father, Maury Apatow, was a real estate developer.
Judd Apatow : In the September 1985 issue of "Laugh Factory Magazine", he is listed as an Associate Editor.
Judd Apatow : It aired as part of ESPN's series of sports documentaries "30 for 30" in July 2016.
Judd Apatow : Which may be why, in the face of a softish opening weekend, various interpreters of box office data were quick to declare "Funny People" a flop.
Judd Apatow : The film contained more dramatic elements than Apatow's previous directorial efforts.
Judd Apatow : After graduating from high school in 1985, he moved to Los Angeles and enrolled in the screenwriting program at University of Southern California.
Judd Apatow : In addition to being a critical success, the film was also a commercial hit, continuing Apatow's newfound mainstream success.
Judd Apatow : Apatow once vowed to include a penis in every one of his movies.
Judd Apatow : Judd has also received several high-profile awards for his advocacy and support of women in Hollywood, as well as victims of sexual assault.
Judd Apatow : That same year, he produced "Girls" after seeing Lena Dunham's 2010 film "Tiny Furniture".
Judd Apatow : The program was described as being able to “articulate intense and often ineffable emotion” while still remaining “brazenly candid...and packed with great jokes.” In a review for the A.V.
Judd Apatow : In 2017, he produced the romantic comedy "The Big Sick".
Judd Apatow : Apatow co-produced the 2013 sequel, "".
Judd Apatow : He dropped out of college during his second year and later moved into an apartment with comedian Adam Sandler, whom he met at the Improv.
Judd Apatow : At this point, Rogen was unable to play the lead for "Superbad", as he had grown too old to play the part of Seth.
Judd Apatow : Apatow and his family live in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
Judd Apatow : Released by Universal, the film did well at the box office, grossing more than 60 million dollars.
Judd Apatow : Judd Apatow (; born December 6, 1967) is an American filmmaker, actor and comedian.
Judd Apatow : He edited the book "I Found This Funny" published by McSweeneys to benefit 826LA.
Judd Apatow : 1 in the box office to critical acclaim, taking in $33 million in its opening weekend.
Judd Apatow : The film, "Pee-wee's Big Holiday", was released by Netflix in March 2016.
Judd Apatow : Apatow had strong words for people like Bill Cosby and those who gave Cosby a platform to continue to perform and speak.
Judd Apatow : Produced on a budget of $35 million, "Trainwreck" grossed $140.8 million worldwide.
Judd Apatow : After his success in film, he hired the entire writing staff from "Undeclared" to write movies for Apatow Productions.
Judd Apatow : His next script was titled "Making Amends", which had Owen Wilson attached to star as a man in Alcoholics Anonymous who decides to apologize to everyone he has ever hurt.
Judd Apatow : Rogen and Goldberg finished writing the film, but were unable to find a studio interested in producing it.
Judd Apatow : His second film, the romantic comedy "Knocked Up", was released in June 2007 to wide critical acclaim.
Judd Apatow : Apatow began performing stand-up comedy at age seventeen, during his senior year of high school.
Judd Apatow : He credits Shandling as his mentor for influencing him to write comedy that is more character-driven.
Judd Apatow : In 2016, he created the Netflix television comedy series "Love", on which he also serves as a writer and executive producer.
Judd Apatow : He announced over Twitter that the show would benefit Everytown for Gun Safety, a non-profit organization founded by Michael Bloomberg which advocates for gun control and against gun violence.
Judd Apatow : The story concerns a slacker and a media personality (Rogen and Heigl, respectively) whose one-night stand results in an unintended pregnancy.
Judd Apatow : Although both shows were quickly canceled, "USA Today" media critic Susan Wloszczyna called the shows "two of the most acclaimed TV series to ever last only one season."
Judd Apatow : Apatow wrote the initial draft of the film on the set of "".
Judd Apatow : He also began volunteering at (and later producing) benefit concerts for HBO's Comic Relief and performing and seeing standup at the Improv in Hollywood.
Judd Apatow : Club, Erik Adams wrote “There is a feeling that somewhere, somehow, someone is going to stumble-upon Career Suicide, and it’s going to make them feel less alone.”
Judd Apatow : Apatow introduced the acts at these events with short standup routines of his own.
Judd Apatow : The series was created by and stars comedian Pete Holmes, and executive produced by Apatow.
Judd Apatow : The film went on to gross $202 million worldwide.
Judd Apatow : Judd Apatow was born in Flushing, Queens, and raised in Syosset, New York.
Judd Apatow : To date, Seth Rogen has been involved with eight of Apatow's projects, as an actor, writer, and/or producer.
Judd Apatow : Later that year, HBO picked up "Crashing" a semi-autobiographical television series which follows Pete Holmes as he tries to become a stand up comedian after his wife cheats on him.
Judd Apatow : Other co-stars included his wife Leslie Mann and Eric Bana, who was a comedic actor in Australia before appearing in American films.
Judd Apatow : Despite critical acclaim and an Emmy Award for Apatow and the rest of the writing staff, Fox canceled the show in 1993.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's mother spent a summer working at a comedy club, which is where Judd was first exposed to live stand-up comedy.
Judd Apatow : Amy Schumer wrote and starred in the film as "a basket case who tries to rebuild her life" by attempting to commit to a serious relationship with a sports doctor (Bill Hader), after a string of one-night stands with different men.
Judd Apatow : In 2007, he was nominated for a Grammy and a Golden Globe for co-writing the song "Walk Hard" (nominated for Best Song Written for Motion Picture).
Judd Apatow : Industry insiders claimed Apatow was now a brand unto himself, creating movies geared toward older audiences, who would watch his movies even when the films delved into the teen genre.
Judd Apatow : It was during the pre-production of the film that Apatow met his future wife, actress Leslie Mann.
Judd Apatow : He has frequently worked with producers Shauna Robertson and Barry Mendel.
Judd Apatow : Apatow had met Stiller outside of an Elvis Costello concert in 1990, and they became friends.
Judd Apatow : Apatow also starred in his first stand-up special, "Judd Apatow: The Return", in December 2017.
Judd Apatow : Apatow is not committed to any specific studio, but his projects are typically set up at Universal and Sony, and in 2009 "Variety" reported that Universal had signed him to a 3 picture directing deal.
Judd Apatow : The film was also nominated for 3 Critics' Choice Movie Awards, including Best Comedy.
Judd Apatow : A New York Times review described the movie as “a joyous, generous-hearted romantic comedy that, even as it veers into difficult terrain, insists that we just need to keep on laughing” while revitalizing “the often moribund romantic comedy subgenre with a true story of love, death and the everyday comedy of being a 21st century American.” In 2018, the film was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of best Original Screenplay.
Judd Apatow : During this same time, he worked as a consulting producer and staff writer for the animated show "The Critic", starring Jon Lovitz.
Judd Apatow : The special was recorded during the Just for Laughs comedy festival in Montreal, Canada the previous July and released through Netflix.
Judd Apatow : Apatow earned six Emmy nominations for his work on Larry Sanders.
Judd Apatow : He also produced "The Five-Year Engagement" (2012), featuring Jason Segel and Emily Blunt as a couple who have a rocky five-year engagement.
Judd Apatow : In a January 2013 interview in Fast Company, Apatow and Dunham discussed the creative process of working on the show, saying that "this type of show is an auteur's vision.
Judd Apatow : The film opened at number one at the box office and grossed more than $175 million globally.
Judd Apatow : After the success of "Anchorman" and "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", Apatow was still unable to sell both "Superbad" and "Pineapple Express"; it was only after he produced the commercial hit "Talladega Nights" that Sony Pictures Entertainment decided to produce both.
Judd Apatow : "The Atlantic"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Christopher Orr opined that "this is a film that belongs not to its director but to its star, who, if there is any justice in the world, is about to ascend from cult icon to mass phenomenon."
Judd Apatow : He competed in the Johnnie Walker Comedy Search in 1989 directed by "Saturday Night Live" short film producer Neal Marshad.
Judd Apatow : The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences rejected his first application for membership, even though he was sponsored by Academy Award-winning screenwriters Akiva Goldsman and Stephen Gaghan.
Judd Apatow : Apatow was obsessed with comedy as a child; his childhood heroes were Steve Martin, Bill Cosby and the Marx Brothers.
Judd Apatow : In 2012, "Entertainment Weekly" reported that 22 years after writing an episode of "The Simpsons", Apatow's script ("Bart's New Friend") was being developed into an episode that would air in 2015.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's fifth directorial feature was the 2015 romantic comedy entitled "Trainwreck".
Judd Apatow : Around the same time, Apatow was hired to produce and do an uncredited re-write of the script for the movie "The Cable Guy", which was released in 1996 to mixed reviews.
Judd Apatow : Apatow credits Rogen for influencing him to make his work more "outrageously dirty."
Judd Apatow : After editing together video packages for Garry Shandling’s memorial service, Apatow realized that the material was worthy of a full documentary.
Judd Apatow : In 2015, he was honored by the Rape Treatment Foundation, who later released a statement on Apatow’s contributions, describing him as “a powerful voice for the truths about rape and an advocate for respectful treatment of victims.” Apatow has positioned himself at the forefront of the "#MeToo" and "#TimesUp" online movements, encouraging alleged victims to come forward while also heavily criticizing people accused.
Judd Apatow : His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards, PGA Awards, Golden Globe Awards, and Academy Awards.
Judd Apatow : In addition, he served as co-writer for the Adam Sandler comedy film "You Don't Mess with the Zohan", which Sandler and Robert Smigel also co-wrote and went on to gross $199 million at the worldwide box office.
Judd Apatow : His maternal grandmother, Molly, co-starred in his film "This Is 40" (playing the grandmother of Paul Rudd's character).
Judd Apatow : Apatow did uncredited re-writes on two other Jim Carrey films: "Liar, Liar" and "Bruce Almighty".
Judd Apatow : In 1995, Apatow co-wrote (with Steve Brill) the feature film "Heavyweights".
Judd Apatow : Additionally, Apatow’s book, “Sick in the Head”, in which he interviews comedy icons such as Jerry Seinfeld and Jay Leno, benefitted the 826LA organization.
Judd Apatow : In 2009, Apatow served as producer for the biblical comedy film "Year one"; the film was not well received.
Judd Apatow : In 1993, he was one of the writers awarded an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program" for his work on "The Ben Stiller Show" at the 45th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Judd Apatow : He made his feature directorial debut in 2005 with the comedy "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", which he also co-wrote with the film's star, Steve Carell, for Universal Pictures.
Judd Apatow : NPR’s David Bianculi called the documentary, "a deeply affecting TV show about the meaning of life - right up there with the final TV interviews by mythologist Joseph Campbell and British TV writer Dennis Potter.
Judd Apatow : While at USC, he organized and hosted a number of on-campus "Comedy Night" events, featuring headliners such as "Saturday Night Live" performer Kevin Nealon.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's philanthropic work includes supporting the literacy organization 826LA, the Bogart Pediatric Cancer Research Program, and Children's Cancer Research Center at Children's hospital.
Judd Apatow : The film received mostly positive reactions from critics, with "The New Yorker"s Richard Brody writing that "This Is 40" is "the stuff of life, and it flows like life, and, like life, it would be good for it to last longer."
Judd Apatow : Earlier that year, Apatow produced Chris Gethard’s HBO comedy special Career Suicide, an hour and a half long monologue about Gethard’s experience with depression, therapy and search for fulfillment.
Judd Apatow : He has been criticized, however, for staying quiet about people accused within his own circles, such as James Franco, Garry Shandling and Lena Dunham.
Judd Apatow : Mann has appeared in "Freaks and Geeks", "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "Knocked Up", "Drillbit Taylor", "Funny People", and "This Is 40".
Judd Apatow : A concept Rogen and Goldberg had created as teens, Apatow convinced Rogen to write the film as a vehicle for himself in 2000.
Judd Apatow : It aired on HBO in January 2018 and later won the SXSW Audience Award at the SXSW film festival.
Judd Apatow : Each show benefits a charity of Apatow’s choosing and past charities have included St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, 826LA and Alzheimer’s Association.
Judd Apatow : Produced on a budget of $5 million, it grossed $52.3 million worldwide.
Judd Apatow : It was first reported in 2010 that Apatow would be producing a new Pee-Wee Herman film starring Paul Reubens that would be written by Rebuens and Paul Rust.
Judd Apatow : The film stars Kumail Nanjiani as himself, a stand-up comedian who comes from a Muslim Pakistani background that falls in love with an American woman, based on Nanjiani's real-life wife Emily V. Gordon.
Judd Apatow : "Saturday Night Live" and "Bridesmaids" star Kristen Wiig has appeared in five Apatow movies and, alongside Mann, is Apatow's main female collaborator.
Judd Apatow : Scott, reflecting on summer films of 2009, opined that "Funny People" was "a movie about growing up, feeling sad, facing death—a long, serious film whose subject is the challenge of maturity.
Judd Apatow : In response to accusations of sexism, Apatow told an interviewer that the characters in the film "Knocked Up" "are sexist at times... but it's really about immature people who are afraid of women and relationships and learn to grow up."
Judd Apatow : Despite a positive reception from critics, Lisa Schwarzbaum's review in "Time" was less positive: "In the way of most Apatow films, "Trainwreck" is a little too long, a little too shaggy and a little too conservative in insisting that all's square in love and war."
Judd Apatow : In 2017, Apatow was awarded the ACLU Bill of Rights Award, for being “an outspoken and tireless advocate on behalf of women in the arts.
Judd Apatow : He went on to co-produce comedy specials by Roseanne Arnold, Tom Arnold, and Jim Carrey.
Judd Apatow : Apatow has produced four projects written by Adam McKay and Will Ferrell.
Judd Apatow : Later that year, May It Last: A Portrait Of The Avett Brothers, which Apatow co-directed along with documentarian Michael Bonfiglio, won the SXSW Audience Award at the 2018 SXSW Film Festival.
Judd Apatow : Alyssa Rosenberg of "ThinkProgress" praised Apatow for his "wonderfully refreshing" approach to women and comedy, quoting Apatow as saying "I got bored of penises.
Judd Apatow : On October 3, 2013, The San Diego Film Festival awarded Apatow the esteemed Visionary Filmmaker Award.
Judd Apatow : Apatow regularly performs stand-up at the Largo at the Coronet, a comedy venue in Los Angeles, as part of his Judd Apatow and Friends series.
Judd Apatow : Writer-director John Carney first pitched the film in 2010 to Apatow, who produced the film alongside Tobin Armbrust and Anthony Bregman whose production company Exclusive Media financed the film's US$8 million budget.
Judd Apatow : The show was not picked up by Fox, which freed up Apatow to serve as an executive producer of the award-winning series "Freaks and Geeks", which debuted in 1999.
Judd Apatow : Shortly thereafter, Apatow was introduced by manager Jimmy Miller to Garry Shandling which resulted in Apatow being hired as a writer for the 1991 Grammy Awards that year, which Shandling hosted.
Judd Apatow : Apatow did uncredited rewrites of the Adam Sandler films "Happy Gilmore" and "The Wedding Singer".
Judd Apatow : Apatow then enlisted Rogen and Goldberg to write "Pineapple Express", a stoner action movie that he felt would be more commercial.
Judd Apatow : Apatow got his comic start washing dishes at the Long Island East Side Comedy Club, and while attending Syosset High School, he played jazz and hosted a program called "Comedy Club" on the school's 125-watt radio station WKWZ which he created as a way to meet and learn from the comedians he looked up to.
Judd Apatow : On January 10, 2013, the Broadcast Film Critics Association awarded Apatow the Critics' Choice Louis XIII Genius Award named after a cognac.
Judd Apatow : Apatow co-produced "", which was released December 18, 2013, with the plot focusing on "Ron Burgundy's struggle to find his place in the rise of new media and the 24-hour news cycle."
Judd Apatow : Both daughters appeared in "Knocked Up," "Funny People," and "This Is 40", as Leslie Mann's character's daughters, and Maude was nominated at the 34th Young Artist Awards for Best Performance in a Feature Film – Supporting Young Actress for "This Is 40".
Judd Apatow : In 2002, he co-wrote (with Brent Forrester) a Fox pilot titled "Life on Parole", starring David Herman as a dissatisfied parole officer whose roommate happens to be one of his parolees; it was not picked up.
Judd Apatow : Apatow met actress Leslie Mann on the set of the 1996 comedy film, "The Cable Guy", where she was cast as Matthew Broderick's character's girlfriend and Apatow served as producer.
Judd Apatow : During his work on the "Larry Sanders Show", Apatow was nominated for five Emmys, as well as a Critics' Choice Television Award.
Judd Apatow : In 1992, Apatow appeared on HBO's "15th Annual Young Comedians Special" and shortly afterwards went on to co-create and executive produce "The Ben Stiller Show" for Fox.
Judd Apatow : In 2015, Apatow's film "Trainwreck" was nominated for 2 Golden Globe Awards, including a nomination for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, the first film directed by Apatow to achieve this feat.
Judd Apatow : After its cancellation, Apatow was the executive producer and creator of the series "Undeclared", which reused Seth Rogen in the main cast and other "Freaks and Geeks" cast members in recurring roles.
Judd Apatow : Apatow went on to join HBO's "The Larry Sanders Show" in 1993 as a writer and consulting producer, and he later served as a co-executive producer and director of an episode during the show's final season in 1998.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's work has won numerous awards including a Primetime Emmy Award, a Creative Arts Emmy Award, a Hollywood Comedy Award, and an AFI Award for "Bridesmaids" (2011).
Judd Apatow : Apatow's fourth directorial effort, the "Knocked Up" spin-off "This Is 40", was released by Universal Pictures on December 21, 2012, starring Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann as the characters Pete and Debbie (reprising their roles from "Knocked Up") and had original music by Graham Parker and The Rumour (who play themselves).
Judd Apatow : In November 2017, Apatow returned to stand-up after a long hiatus to headline a show in New York City's Carnegie Hall called Judd Apatow and Friends.
Judd Apatow : In a highly publicized "Vanity Fair" interview, lead actress Katherine Heigl admitted that though she enjoyed working with Apatow, she had a hard time enjoying "Knocked Up" herself, calling the movie "a little sexist", saying that the film "paints the women as shrews, as humorless and uptight".
Judd Apatow : Apatow wrote the film, which starred Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen as a pair of standup comedians, one of whom has a terminal illness.
Judd Apatow : Although the film was not financially successful (grossing $54 million domestically), the critical reception was primarily positive, with David Denby of New Yorker Magazine including the film on his top ten films of 2009, calling "Funny People" "a serious comedy about a funny man's brush with death" and stating that the film "is Apatow's richest, most complicated movie yet—a summing up of his feelings about comedy and its relation to the rest of existence."
Judd Apatow : He cold-called comedians he admired during this time, managing to interview Steve Allen, Howard Stern, Harold Ramis and John Candy, along with emerging comedians such as Jerry Seinfeld, Steven Wright and Garry Shandling.
Judd Apatow : Later in 2018, he directed another HBO documentary, "The Zen Diaries of Garry Shandling", exploring the life and legacy of comedian Garry Shandling, one of Apatow's idols and a close friend.
Judd Apatow : In the 2013 Critics Choice Award Nominations from the Broadcast Film Critics Association, Apatow's film "This Is 40" was nominated for Best Comedy as were Leslie Mann and Paul Rudd for their performances in the film.
Judd Apatow : In August 2007, Apatow produced the film "Superbad", which was written by Seth Rogen and his writing partner Evan Goldberg.
Judd Apatow : In 2007 "New York" magazine noted that former Apatow associate Mike White was "disenchanted" by Apatow's later films, "objecting to the treatment of women and gay men in Apatow's recent movies", saying of "Knocked Up": "At some point it starts feeling like comedy of the bullies, rather than the bullied."
Judd Apatow : In 2008, he served as producer for "Drillbit Taylor" starring Owen Wilson and Leslie Mann and written by Seth Rogen, which opened in March and earned negative reviews.
Judd Apatow : In 1999, Apatow created "Sick in the Head", a multi-camera sitcom pilot starring David Krumholtz as a psychiatrist on his first day on the job, Amy Poehler as a suicidal patient, and Kevin Corrigan as Krumholtz's slacker roommate.
Judd Apatow : Kristen Wiig, in a speech presenting Apatow with the Herb Sargent Award for Comedy Excellence in February 2012 said that he was an "incredible collaborator and supporter" and in a 2011 interview with "Elle", television actress and writer Lena Dunham, who has collaborated often with Apatow said of his work, ""Knocked Up" is really about love.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's work was also nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series at the 2012 and 2013 Primetime Emmys for "Girls" and was also nominated at the Critics' Choice Television Awards for "Girls".
Judd Apatow : The comedy garnered numerous awards and nominations, including being named one of AFI's Top Movies of the Year, as well as taking home Best Comedy Movie at the 11th annual Critics' Choice Awards.
Judd Apatow : His mother, Tamara "Tami" (née Shad), worked primarily managing record labels founded by her father and his grandfather, music producer and record label owner Bob Shad, who produced the first album by Big Brother and the Holding Company (featuring Janis Joplin) and worked with music giants Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, Sarah Vaughn, Dinah Wilson, and Janis Joplin.
Judd Apatow : His producing credits include "The Cable Guy" (1996), "" (2004), "" (2006), "Superbad" (2007), "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" (2008), "Step Brothers" (2008), "Get Him to the Greek" (2010), "Bridesmaids" (2011), "Wanderlust" (2012), "The Five-Year Engagement" (2012), "Begin Again" (2013), "" (2013), "" (2016), "The Big Sick" (2017) and "Juliet, Naked" (2018).
Judd Apatow : In 2005, Apatow co-wrote with Nicholas Stoller the feature film comedy Fun with Dick and Jane starring Jim Carrey and Téa Leoni.
Judd Apatow : Apatow produced "Wanderlust" (2012), starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd as a married couple who leave New York City and live in a hippie commune.
Judd Apatow : Apatow's wife Leslie Mann has starred in five, Will Ferrell has starred in five, Paul Rudd has starred in nine, Jonah Hill has starred in seven, and Jason Segel has starred in four (as well as written two).
Judd Apatow : Guests have included Adam Sandler, Zach Galifianakis, Ryan Adams, Beck, David Spade, Garry Shandling and Jackson Browne.
Judd Apatow : In 2012, Apatow received the Hollywood Comedy Award at the 16th annual Hollywood Film Awards presented by the Hollywood Film Festival.
Judd Apatow : Apatow served as producer and co-writer along with director Jake Kasdan for the biopic spoof "" starring John C. Reilly, Kristen Wiig and Jenna Fischer, which was released in December 2007.
Judd Apatow : In 2004, Apatow produced the feature film comedy "", starring Will Ferrell and directed by Adam McKay.
Judd Apatow : In 2010, Apatow served as producer on the "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" spin-off "Get Him to the Greek" with Russell Brand reprising his role and Jonah Hill returning from the original film, albeit as a different character.
Judd Apatow : Additionally in 2012, Apatow was presented with the Herb Sargent Award for Comedy Excellence from the Writers Guild East.
Judd Apatow : Apatow produced "Begin Again" (2013), starring Keira Knightley who plays a singer-songwriter who is discovered by a struggling record label executive (played by Mark Ruffalo) and collaborates with him to produce an album recorded in public locations all over New York City.
Judd Apatow : Apatow also had a cameo role in The Disaster Artist (2017), which chronicles the making of the film The Room "The New Yorker" critic Richard Brody felt the role was a "reminder" that Apatow should play a lead in one of his own films.
Judd Apatow : In 2016, Apatow was awarded the Generation Award at the Just for Laughs comedy festival in Montreal for his contributions to comedy.
Judd Apatow : Apatow has worked with a group of actors on an ongoing basis, including Steve Carell, Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill, and Jason Segel, and also tends to work with his close friends.
Judd Apatow : He is the founder of Apatow Productions, through which he produced and developed the television series "Freaks and Geeks", "Undeclared", "Funny or Die Presents", "Girls, Love", and "Crashing" and directed the films "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" (2005), "Knocked Up" (2007), "Funny People" (2009), "This Is 40" (2012), "Trainwreck" (2015), "May It Last: A Portrait Of The Avett Brothers" (2017), and "The Zen Diaries of Garry Shandling" (2018).
Judd Apatow : In 2001, Apatow created "North Hollywood", a pilot that featured Jason Segel, Kevin Hart, Seth Rogen, Phil Hendrie, and Judge Reinhold (playing himself).
Judd Apatow : In 2011, Apatow produced the most successful R-rated female comedy of all time, "Bridesmaids", which received Oscar nominations for Best Supporting Actress (Melissa McCarthy) and Best Original Screenplay (Annie Mumolo and Kristen Wiig), as well as two Golden Globe Award nominations and two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations.
Judd Apatow : For the rest of 2008, Apatow produced the comedy films "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" starring Jason Segel and Kristen Bell; "Step Brothers", which reunites "Talladega Nights" co-stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly; and "Pineapple Express" starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, both of whom originally starred on "Freaks and Geeks".
Judd Apatow : "Bridesmaids" also won a Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Comedy Movie, a People's Choice Award for Favorite Comedy Movie and was named one of AFI's Movies of the Year.
Judd Apatow : Apatow made his first documentary piece in 2016, "Doc and Darryl", which documents the career and relationship of New York Mets players Dwight "Doc" Gooden and Darryl Strawberry.
Judd Apatow : "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" also earned Apatow a nomination for Best Original Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America and received four MTV Movie Award nominations, including a win for Carell for Best Comedic Performance.
Judd Apatow : Apatow was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work on "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", a nomination also shared with Carell, and "Knocked Up".
Judd Apatow : The film also received two Screen Actors Guild nominations and a NAACP Image Award nomination.
Judd Apatow : The film also received two Screen Actors Guild nominations and a NAACP Image Award nomination.
Judd Apatow : Apatow was nominated for the Darryl F. Zanuck Award for Outstanding Producer of Theatrical Motion Pictures award by the Producers Guild of America, alongside producing partner Barry Mendel.
Sulley Muntari : His performance of note was away at Aston Villa where he scored two spectacular long-range goals.
Sulley Muntari : On 24 July 2008, the BBC and "Gazzetta dello Sport" reported that Muntari would complete a €14 million plus bonuses move to Inter.
Sulley Muntari : He eventually opted for Portsmouth and transferred on 30 May 2007, for a new club record fee, believed to be around £7.1 million, signing a five-year contract.
Sulley Muntari : In his second full season, he made 23 appearances, and increased his standing to 33 appearances the following season, although indiscipline saw him sent off three times in 16 matches in the 2006–07 season.
Sulley Muntari : He joined Udinese in 2001, where his first season was spent in the reserves.
Sulley Muntari : On 31 January 2019, after six months of inactivity Muntari signed with Albacete until the end of the season.
Sulley Muntari : He also played four FA Cup matches, scoring the winner from the penalty spot in a 1–0 victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford in the Sixth Round of the FA Cup.
Sulley Muntari : He became a regular member of Ghana under-20 team at the age of 16 as they finished runners-up at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina, losing out to the hosts in the final.
Sulley Muntari : Muntari had already indicated a desire to move to the English Premier League, when in early 2007 transfer bids were received from Portsmouth.
Sulley Muntari : Muntari was selected for Ghana's 2010 World Cup squad.
Sulley Muntari : Muntari's abilities first came to light in youth tournaments, while he was playing for Liberty Professionals youth team.
Sulley Muntari : Suleyman Ali "Sulley" Muntari (born 27 August 1984) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder.
Sulley Muntari : On 19 February 2012, Muntari scored his first goal as a Milan player on his debut, in a Serie A away match against Cesena, which Milan won 3–1.
Matthew Goss : In the first two years as a professional he won two stages at the Tour of Britain, one in 2007 and another in the next edition.
Matthew Goss : Matthew Harley Goss (born 5 November 1986) is a former Australian professional road and track racing cyclist, his final professional team before retirement was the UCI Professional Continental team .
Matthew Goss : He earned a gold medal at the 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the Team Pursuit event and came in second place at the 2011 World Championships Road race.
El Chojin : In addition to lyrics, Chojin has also written poetry and various articles.
El Chojin : He avoids coarse language in his music, and his raps also frequently espouse non-violence, anti-racism, and warn of the dangers of drugs and alcohol.
El Chojin : Although, being born and raised in Spain, he is not an immigrant himself, he is well aware of the problems they face.
El Chojin : In early 2005, his eighth LP "8jin" was released.
El Chojin : One of the main themes covered on most albums is the discrimination against and general mistreatment of immigrants.
El Chojin : As is reflected in his songs "Yo no soy de esos", "Mami, el negro está rabioso", and "Cara sucia", he has suffered such discrimination due to the colour of his skin.
El Chojin : Chojin was born in Torrejón de Ardoz, Madrid, to a father from Equatorial Guinea and an Extremaduran (Spanish) mother.
El Chojin : He also is known for his track "Lola", promoting condom use, which came to be used in a Barcelona contraceptive awareness campaign.
El Chojin : During the first part of his rap career, he was a member of the WFN crew ("Wild for da Night"), so called after a Rampage/Busta Rhymes song of the same name.
El Chojin : El Chojin takes his name from the Overfiend in the hentai anime "Urotsukidōji".
El Chojin : Domingo Edjang Moreno (born 28 April 1977), better known by his stage name El Chojin (pronounced as in Japanese , not with a Spanish "J"), is a Spanish rapper and songwriter.
El Chojin : Since 28 January 2010, El Chojin has appeared every Wednesday on Noticias 2, performing a rap summarizing the week's news.
El Chojin : Amnesty International used one of his songs (featuring Meko and Kraze Negroze) for their "Ponte en mi piel" ("Put Yourself in My Skin") campaign, another attempt to raise awareness, this time regarding immigration, and, with the release of "8jin", Amnesty selected "El final del cuento de hadas" ("The End of the Fairy Tale") for a campaign against gender-based violence.
El Chojin : After his first five full-length solo records, in 2004 Chojin returned with a demo, "Rap por placer", available as a free download.
El Chojin : The following year he released "Aún rap por placer", a follow-up to his previous demo, consisting of six solo tracks and one featuring Duo Kie.
El Chojin : El Chojin did however create his own separate record from Rebel XD, where he took 1 minute to rap 921 syllables, which came out to be 15 syllables per second on his song titled "Vo-ca-li-za".
El Chojin : In 2007, he wrote and starred in "El alma de Alexander Oboe" ("The Soul of Alexander Oboe"), a play produced by Casa de los Pueblos, which debuted at the Festival Madrid Sur and went on to tour various theatres in Spain.
Jimmy Connors : 1 ranking at the end of the year.
Jimmy Connors : He was ranked No.
Jimmy Connors : The charges were dismissed by a judge on February 10, 2009.
Jimmy Connors : He was booed when he played his first round match the next day.
Jimmy Connors : On January 8, 2007, Connors' mother Gloria died at age 82.
Jimmy Connors : However, the job went to Rolf Benirschke.
Jimmy Connors : His brash behavior both on and off the court earned him a reputation as the brat of the tennis world.
Jimmy Connors : They have two children, son Brett and daughter Aubree, and live in the Santa Barbara, California area.
Jimmy Connors : By Connors' account, he then rushed to Centre Court for the parade, but was too late.
Jimmy Connors : In 2000, he also declined to join a gathering of 58 former champions held to mark the millennium.
Jimmy Connors : The casino never reopened under Connors' ownership and it was destroyed in a May 2008 fire.
Jimmy Connors : It was shuttered in 1998 and became a magnet for the homeless and thieves who stripped its copper piping.
Jimmy Connors : However, after surgery on his deteriorating left wrist, he came back to play 14 tournaments in 1991.
Jimmy Connors : Connors explained that this necessitated his rushing to meet the doctor at the entrance to the grounds, and then convincing Nastase to help him try out the splint on a practice court.
Jimmy Connors : Nastase was another rival in Connors' prime.
Jimmy Connors : However, he entered this round-robin competition in 1977 when it moved to New York City.
Jimmy Connors : In 1995, John Connors had opened the casino with announced plans to include a Jimmy Connors theme area.
Jimmy Connors : 1 ranking on July 29, 1974 and held it for 160 consecutive weeks, a record until it was surpassed by Roger Federer on February 26, 2007.
Jimmy Connors : According to show creator Merv Griffin, many news outlets tried to get their hands on Connors' audition tape, but Griffin refused to release it because he said "it wouldn't have been fair to Jimmy."
Jimmy Connors : Connors continued to compete against younger men well into his 41st year.
Jimmy Connors : However, Connors won 11 of their final 14 meetings.
Jimmy Connors : Connors ended his business relationship with Riordan later in 1975.
Jimmy Connors : James Scott Connors (born September 2, 1952) is a retired American world No.
Jimmy Connors : Connors walked off the court after hitting a winner against Chang.
Jimmy Connors : In May 2013, Connors wrote his autobiography in which he alleged that Evert was pregnant with their child and that she unilaterally made the decision to have an abortion.
Jimmy Connors : Connors was only able to manage a 5–4 record against Vilas in tour events.
Jimmy Connors : Connors was acquiring a reputation as a maverick in 1972 when he refused to join the newly formed Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), the union that was embraced by most male professional players, in order to play in and dominate a series of smaller tournaments organized by Bill Riordan, his manager.
Jimmy Connors : The two owned 19 percent of the company which was headquartered in the St. Louis metropolitan area of East Alton, Illinois.
Jimmy Connors : The first match, in February and billed as $100,000 ($ today) winner-takes-all, was against Laver.
Jimmy Connors : Connors was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1998 and Intercollegiate Tennis Association (ITA) Hall of Fame in 1986.
Jimmy Connors : He would continue to compete against much younger players and had one of the most remarkable comebacks for any athlete when he reached the semifinals of the 1991 US Open at the age of 39.
Jimmy Connors : Reaching the final, he lost in five sets to Borg, who a month later was able briefly to interrupt Connors's long hold on the world No.
Jimmy Connors : Argosy narrowly averted bankruptcy in the late 1990s and Connors' brother John personally sought Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
Jimmy Connors : In the fall of 1988, Connors auditioned to host the NBC daytime version of "Wheel of Fortune", a show he and his wife "never missed an episode" of.
Jimmy Connors : In October 2005, Connors had successful hip-replacement surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.
Jimmy Connors : McEnroe and Borg were battling for the top spot in that year, while Connors played the role of the spoiler.
Jimmy Connors : An ailing back forced him to retire from a five-sets match in the third round of the French Open against Michael Chang, the 1989 champion.
Jimmy Connors : Though six years older than Connors, Nastase won ten of their first eleven meetings.
Jimmy Connors : In April, Connors met Newcombe in a match billed as a $250,000 winner-takes-all.
Jimmy Connors : Their engagement was broken off shortly before the 1975 Wimbledon championship.
Jimmy Connors : In the 1990s, he joined his brother John as investors in the Argosy Gaming Company which owned riverboat casinos on the Mississippi River.
Jimmy Connors : In July 1988, Connors ended a four-year title drought by winning the Sovran Bank Tennis Classic in Washington, D.C.
Jimmy Connors : During his best years of 1974 through 1978, Connors was challenged the most by Borg, with twelve matches on tour during that time frame.
Jimmy Connors : Former Miss World Marjorie Wallace was engaged to Connors from 1976 to 1977, but in 1979 Connors married "Playboy" model Patti McGuire.
Jimmy Connors : On November 21, 2008, Connors was arrested outside an NCAA basketball game between the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the University of California at Santa Barbara after refusing to comply with an order to leave an area near the entrance to the stadium.
Jimmy Connors : Connors dropped Riordan and eventually the lawsuits after losing to Ashe in the 1975 Wimbledon final (according to the official film produced by Wimbledon 1975, his $2 million suit against Ashe was still outstanding when the two met in the 1975 Wimbledon final).
Jimmy Connors : In his 2013 autobiography, Connors blamed his missing the 1977 parade on the All England Club for not letting his doctor onto the grounds so that Connors could try on a customized splint for a thumb injury.
Jimmy Connors : In the liquidation, Connors, through his company, Smooth Swing, acquired the Alystra Casino in Henderson, Nevada, for $1.9 million from Union Planters Bank, which had foreclosed on John.
Jimmy Connors : Connors also irritated sponsors and tennis officials by shunning the end-of-year Masters championship from 1974 through 1976.
Jimmy Connors : His career seemed to be at an end in 1990, when he played only three tournament matches and lost all three, dropping to No.
Jimmy Connors : Connors was seeking to enter the French Open, but the ATP and French officials opposed WTT because of scheduling conflicts, so the entries of WTT players were refused between 1974 and 1978.
Jimmy Connors : In 1974, Connors and Riordan began filing lawsuits, amounting to $10 million, against the ATP and its president, Arthur Ashe, for allegedly restricting his freedom in the game.
Jimmy Connors : Connors had played in 56 tournaments and lost 11 finals since his previous victory in the Tokyo Indoors against Lendl in October 1984.
Jimmy Connors : However, in 1982, at age 29, Connors was back in the Wimbledon singles final, where he faced McEnroe, who by then was established firmly as the world's top player.
Jimmy Connors : In the 1980 WCT Finals, Connors defeated the defending champion, John McEnroe.
Jimmy Connors : The lawsuits stemmed from the French Open banning Connors in 1974 after he had signed a contract to play World Team Tennis (WTT) for the Baltimore Banners.
Jimmy Connors : In 1975, Connors won two highly touted "Challenge Matches", both arranged by the Riordan company and televised nationally by CBS Sports from Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Jimmy Connors : Orantes upset Connors in the final of the 1975 US Open, but Connors was 11–3 overall against Orantes in tour events.
Jimmy Connors : Connors had shining moments against John McEnroe and Ivan Lendl, both of whom rose to prominence after Connors peaked in the mid-1970s.
Jimmy Connors : Although Connors lost a celebrated late-night match to Vilas, 4–6, 6–3, 5–7, he took the title by defeating Borg in the final, 6–4, 1–6, 6–4.
Jimmy Connors : Borg won only four of those meetings, but two of those wins were in the Wimbledon finals of 1977 and 1978.
Jimmy Connors : Connors defeated another of the next generation of tennis stars, Ivan Lendl, in the 1982 US Open final and soon regained the No.
Jimmy Connors : Connors was engaged to fellow tennis pro Chris Evert from 1974 to 1975, and they each triumphed in the singles events at the 1974 Wimbledon Championships; a feat labelled "The Lovebird Double" by the media.
Jimmy Connors : In the fourth round of the 1987 Wimbledon Championships, Connors defeated Mikael Pernfors, ten years his junior, 1–6, 1–6, 7–5, 6–4, 6–2, after having trailed 4–1 in the third set and 3–0 in the fourth set.
Jimmy Connors : Connors recovered from being three points away from defeat in a fourth-set tie-break (at 3–4) to win the match, 3–6, 6–3, 6–7, 7–6, 6–4, and claimed his second Wimbledon title, eight years after his first.
Jimmy Connors : At the 1989 US Open, Connors defeated the third seed (and future two-time champion), Stefan Edberg, in straight sets in the fourth round and pushed sixth-seeded Andre Agassi to five sets in a quarterfinal.
Jimmy Connors : The two would team up to win the doubles championships at the 1973 Wimbledon and the 1975 US Open.
Jimmy Connors : His prominent younger opponents included Björn Borg, Vitas Gerulaitis, Ivan Lendl, and John McEnroe.
Jimmy Connors : Head to head in major championship finals, Connors defeated Lendl in both meetings, winning the 1982 and 1983 US Open.
Jimmy Connors : At Wimbledon in 1977, he declined to participate in a parade of former champions to celebrate the tournament's centenary, choosing instead to practice in the grounds with Ilie Nastase while the parade took place.
Jimmy Connors : Although Connors' tour record against McEnroe was 14–20, McEnroe is six years younger than Connors and had a losing record against Connors until he won 12 out of their last 14 meetings.
Jimmy Connors : Prominent contemporary players with Connors included Phil Dent, Brian Gottfried, Raul Ramírez, Harold Solomon, Dick Stockton, Roscoe Tanner, and Guillermo Vilas.
Jimmy Connors : His older rivals included Arthur Ashe, Rod Laver, Ilie Năstase, John Newcombe, Manuel Orantes, Ken Rosewall, and Stan Smith.
Jimmy Connors : Connors played Newcombe in four tour events, with Newcombe winning the first two meetings on grass (1973 US Open quarterfinal and 1975 Australian Open final) and Connors winning the last two on hard courts (1978 Sydney Indoor quarterfinal and 1979 Hong Kong round of 16).
Jimmy Connors : Connors had a tour record of 13–22 against Lendl, but Lendl is seven years younger than Connors and had a losing record against Connors until he won their last 17 matches from 1984 through 1992, after Connors' prime.
Jimmy Connors : Head to head in major championship finals, they split their two meetings, Connors winning the 1982 Wimbledon in five sets, and McEnroe winning the 1984 Wimbledon in straight sets.
Jimmy Connors : Connors won that match, 6–4, 6–2, 3–6, 7–5.
Jimmy Connors : Connors won the match, 6–3, 4–6, 6–2, 6–4.
Jimmy Connors : Head to head in major championship finals, they split their four meetings, Borg winning two Wimbledons (1977 & 1978) and Connors winning two US Opens (1976 & 1978).
Jimmy Connors : ...
Toni Nadal : Antonio "Toni" Nadal Homar (; born 27 February 1961) is a Spanish tennis coach.
Toni Nadal : Toni Nadal is the uncle and ex-coach of tennis player Rafael Nadal and the elder brother of Spanish footballer Miguel Ángel Nadal.
Walid Raad : He is also a member of the Arab Image Foundation.
Walid Raad : Walid Raad (Ra'ad) (Arabic: وليد رعد) (born 1967 in Chbanieh, Lebanon) is a contemporary media artist.
Walid Raad : He lives and works in New York, where he is currently an Associate Professor at the School of Art at the Cooper Union School of Art.
Walid Raad : The Atlas Group is always presented by Raad through public lectures accompanying public display (film screenings, exhibitions displaying photography, audio, video and a variety of documents from the group's archives).
Walid Raad : Raad's works have been exhibited at Documenta 11 (Kassel), The Venice Biennale (Venice), The Whitney Biennial (New York), The Ayloul Festival (Beirut, Lebanon), Home Works (curated by Ashkal Alwan, Beirut, Lebanon) and numerous other festivals in Europe, the Middle East, and North America.
Walid Raad : All, in one way or another, deal with the contemporary history of Lebanon with particular emphasis on the wars in Lebanon between 1975 and 1991.
Walid Raad : He went on to complete his MA and Ph.D. in Cultural and Visual Studies at the University of Rochester in 1993 and 1996, respectively.
Vladimir Radmanović : He entered the NBA in 2001.
Vladimir Radmanović : Although consistent throughout his first two seasons, Radmanović became a candidate for the NBA Most Improved Player Award in the 2003–04 season, when he averaged 12 points and 5.3 rebounds per game mostly as a sixth man.
Vladimir Radmanović : On December 9, 2011, Radmanović was signed by the Atlanta Hawks.
Vladimir Radmanović : Radmanović was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics as the 12th pick of 2001 NBA draft.
Vladimir Radmanović : On February 18, 2007, Radmanović told the Lakers that he had separated his shoulder, when he fell on a patch of ice in Park City, Utah the day before, during the weekend of the 2007 NBA All-Star Game and would be out for approximately eight weeks.
Vladimir Radmanović : On January 26, 2005, he made a career-high 8 three-point field goals against the Los Angeles Lakers.
Vladimir Radmanović : Although the Lakers were offering the same amount of money as Clippers, Radmanović was persuaded to join the team by Kobe Bryant, Phil Jackson, Magic Johnson and his good friend, Vlade Divac, who were all convinced his shooting and playing opportunities would greatly increase in the Lakers' triangle offense.
Vladimir Radmanović : On February 7, 2009, Radmanović was traded to the Charlotte Bobcats in exchange for forward Adam Morrison and guard Shannon Brown.
Vladimir Radmanović : Vladimir Radmanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Радмановић; born November 19, 1980) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
Vladimir Radmanović : On July 19, 2012, Radmanović signed a one-year deal with the Chicago Bulls.
Alessandro Petacchi : He announced his retirement as a lead sprinter on 23 April 2013, and terminated his contract at .
Alessandro Petacchi : On 24 August 2019, the UCI gave Petacchi a two-year ban from competition for his involvement with Schmidt.
Alessandro Petacchi : Alessandro Petacchi (born 3 January 1974) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 1996 and 2015.
Alessandro Petacchi : However he subsequently expressed a desire to take up an offer from the Omega Pharma-Quick Step team to ride as a lead-out man for Mark Cavendish, which he said was made to him days after his retirement.
Alessandro Petacchi : Petacchi was banned from 1 November 2007 to 31 August 2008, and "all competitive results obtained during the 2007 Giro d'Italia shall be disqualified with all of the resulting consequences including forfeiture of any medals, points and prizes", including five Giro d'Italia stage wins.
Alessandro Petacchi : A specialist sprinter, Petacchi has won 48 grand tour stages with wins of the points jersey in the Giro d'Italia in 2004, the Vuelta a España in 2005 and the Tour de France in 2010.
Natxo Insa : He won his first cap for their national team on 22 March 2018 at the age of 31, in a 2–2 friendly draw to Mongolia.
Natxo Insa : Ignacio 'Natxo' Insa Bohigues (born 9 June 1986) is a Malaysian-Spanish professional footballer who plays for Malaysian club Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C.
Freddy Bichot : In 2005 he did the same, but withdrew after stage 13.
Freddy Bichot : Freddy Bichot (born 9 September 1979 in Saint-Fort) is a French road racing cyclist who last rode for Véranda Rideau-Super U.
Freddy Bichot : That same year he won the first stage of the Étoile de Bessèges and also won the overall rankings of that race.
Freddy Bichot : He also took part in the 2006 Vuelta a España and the 2007 and 2008 Tour de France.
Francis Coquelin : Coquelin is a France youth international having earned caps for the under-17s, under-18s, under-19s, under-20s and under-21s.
Francis Coquelin : Without taking part in any matches for Arsenal during the first three months of season 2014–15, Coquelin joined Championship side Charlton Athletic on 3 November 2014 for a month's loan.
Francis Coquelin : Francis Joseph Coquelin (; born 13 May 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Spanish club Valencia.
Ryōji Noyori : Elsewhere he has said that ""Research is for nations and mankind, not for researchers themselves.""
Ryōji Noyori : He is still based at Nagoya, and served as president of RIKEN, a multi-site national research initiative with an annual budget of $800 million, from 2003 to 2015.
Ryōji Noyori : Ryōji Noyori was born in Kobe, Japan.
Ryōji Noyori : Later, he became fascinated with chemistry, after hearing a presentation on nylon at an industrial exposition.
Ryōji Noyori : He encourages scientists to be politically active: ""Researchers must spur public opinions and government policies toward constructing the sustainable society in the 21st century.""
Ryōji Noyori : He saw the power of chemistry as being the ability to "produce high value from almost nothing".
Ryōji Noyori : Noyori believes strongly in the power of catalysis and of green chemistry; in a 2005 article he argued for the pursuit of "practical elegance in synthesis".
Ryōji Noyori : In this article he stated that ""our ability to devise straightforward and practical chemical syntheses is indispensable to the survival of our species.""
Ryōji Noyori : He was a student at the School of Engineering (Department of Industrial Chemistry) of the Kyoto University, where he graduated in 1961.
Luis de Pablo : He was particularly concerned with promoting understanding in Spain of the Second Viennese School, publishing translations of Stuckenschmidt's biography of Arnold Schoenberg in 1961, and the writings of Anton Webern in 1963 .
Luis de Pablo : He was awarded Spain's Premio Nacional de Música for composition in 1991.
Luis de Pablo : Luis de Pablo Costales (born 28 January 1930) is a Spanish composer belonging to the generation of Spanish composers named by Cristóbal Halffter as Generación del 51.
Luis de Pablo : In Spain, he founded several organizations: Nueva Música, Tiempo y Música, and Alea and organized several contemporary music concert series, for example, the Forum Musical and Bienal de Música Contemporánea de Madrid.
Luis Alberto Moreno : He obtained bachelor's degrees in Business Administration and Economics from Florida Atlantic University in 1975 and an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management (now part of Arizona State University) in 1977.
Luis Alberto Moreno : For his distinguished work in the field of journalism, he was awarded a Nieman Fellowship by Harvard University.
Luis Alberto Moreno : He is the current President of the Inter-American Development Bank where he has served since 2005.
Luis Alberto Moreno : Moreno was the President of the Instituto de Fomento Industrial (IFI) which was a holding company for many of the largest state-owned enterprises.
Luis Alberto Moreno : Luis Alberto Moreno Mejía (born 3 May 1953) is a Colombian businessman and former diplomat.
Luis Alberto Moreno : In 1998, Moreno was named Colombia's Ambassador to the United States by newly elected president Andrés Pastrana Arango.
Luis Alberto Moreno : He was the Colombia's Ambassador to the United States under president Andrés Pastrana Arango and the former President of the Instituto de Fomento Industrial.
Sergi Belbel : Sergi Belbel i Coslado (; born 1963) is a catalan-speaking Spanish playwright, and as of 2005 the director of the Teatre Nacional de Catalunya.
Sergi Belbel : Born in Terrassa, Belbel's first play was "Calidoscopios y faros de hoy" in 1986.
Johnny Marr : Their debut album "Boomslang" was released in 2003, with all lyrics and lead vocals by Marr.
Johnny Marr : For Marr this is the first time he has had a number one record in the US.
Johnny Marr : The highest chart position before that was with Electronic, who made the Top 40 in the singles chart with "Getting Away With It".
Johnny Marr : The new album reached number one on the American "Billboard" charts in late March 2007.
Johnny Marr : The band had taken two years to come together as Marr had wanted members to be chosen "by chemistry".
Johnny Marr : A second album was originally scheduled for release in April 2005, and a short tour was expected soon after, but Marr has since stated that the band is on the "side burner" for the time being.
Johnny Marr : Marr has been a supporter of Manchester City football club since 1972, and has been seen attending games.
Johnny Marr : In 2006, he began work with Modest Mouse's Isaac Brock on songs that eventually were featured on the band's 2007 release, "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank".
Johnny Marr : From 1975, he attended St Augustine's Catholic Grammar School, which in 1977 merged with other schools to form St John Plessington High School.
Johnny Marr : Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher; 31 October 1963) is an English musician, songwriter and singer.
Johnny Marr : Around the age of 14, he began spelling his name "Marr" to simplify the pronunciation for those who had difficulty with his birth name "Maher", and to avoid confusion with Buzzcocks drummer John Maher.
Johnny Marr : Marr's jangly Rickenbacker and Fender Telecaster guitar playing became synonymous with the Smiths' sound.
Johnny Marr : In addition to an extensive singles discography with the artists listed above, Johnny has appeared on singles by Sandie Shaw, Everything but the Girl, the Pretenders, Andrew Berry, a Certain Ratio, Denise Johnson, Stex, England United (as co-writer), the Impossible Dreamers (as producer) and Black Grape.
Johnny Marr : In 2000 Marr recruited drummer Zak Starkey (son of Ringo Starr), Cavewaves guitarist Lee Spencer and former Kula Shaker bassist Alonza Bevan for his new project, "Johnny Marr and the Healers".
Steven Van Zandt : In 2004, he contributed the song "Baby Please Don't Go" to Nancy Sinatra's self-titled album.
Steven Van Zandt : Although the album remains unreleased, three tracks from it were heard on the "Sopranos" television show: "Nobody Loves and Leaves Alive", "Affection", and "Come for Me".
Steven Van Zandt : Van Zandt's second album, "Voice of America", did the best on the U.S. albums chart, although none of his albums were much of a commercial success.
Steven Van Zandt : As such, Van Zandt became a key contributor to the Jersey Shore sound.
Steven Van Zandt : His mother, Mary, remarried in 1957 and he took the last name of his stepfather, William Brewster Van Zandt.
Steven Van Zandt : Continuing his involvement in issues of the day, in 1985 he created the music-industry activist group Artists United Against Apartheid as an action against the Sun City resort in South Africa.
Steven Van Zandt : In 2014, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the E Street Band.
Steven Van Zandt : The family moved to Middletown Township, New Jersey, when he was seven.
Steven Van Zandt : Less successful was his work on Lone Justice's second album "Shelter", which was a career-ending flop for the Los Angeles cowpunk band.
Steven Van Zandt : Since then, Van Zandt has recorded another album, "Nobody Loves and Leaves Alive" with his garage band the Lost Boys.
Steven Van Zandt : In 1995, Van Zandt aided Meat Loaf with the song "Amnesty Is Granted" off of his "Welcome to the Neighborhood" album.
Steven Van Zandt : Steven Van Zandt (né Lento; born November 22, 1950), also known as Little Steven or Miami Steve, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, producer, actor, and activist.
Steven Van Zandt : In 1994, Van Zandt produced the eponymous debut album of the punk rock band Demolition 23 which featured ex-Hanoi Rocks members Michael Monroe and Sami Yaffa.
Steven Van Zandt : In 1987, he released the album "Freedom - No Compromise", which continued the political messaging.
Steven Van Zandt : Van Zandt was born Steven Lento on November 22, 1950 to Mary (nee Lento) Van Zandt, in Winthrop, Massachusetts.
Steven Van Zandt : Forty-nine recording artists, including Springsteen, U2, Bob Dylan, Pete Townshend, Joey Ramone, Tom Petty, Afrika Bambaataa and Run DMC, collaborated on a song called "Sun City" in which they pledged to never perform at the resort.
Steven Van Zandt : Van Zandt grew up in the Jersey Shore music scene, and was an early friend and pre-E Street bandmate of Bruce Springsteen.
Steven Van Zandt : Van Zandt became a songwriter and producer for fellow Jersey shore act Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes in 1974, penning their signature song "I Don't Want to Go Home", co-writing other songs for them with Springsteen, and producing their most-acclaimed record, "Hearts of Stone".
Steven Van Zandt : In the "Wings For Wheels" documentary, Springsteen revealed that Van Zandt was partially responsible for the signature guitar line in "Born to Run"; "Arguably Steve's greatest contribution to my music."
Steven Van Zandt : In those early years, Van Zandt supplied a great deal of the lead guitar work for the band in concert, as can be seen on the 1975 concert DVD within "Born to Run 30th Anniversary Edition" (later released as the CD "Hammersmith Odeon London '75").
Rustam Kasimdzhanov : In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 in Tripoli, Libya, Kasimdzhanov unexpectedly made his way through to the final, winning mini-matches against Alejandro Ramírez, Ehsan Ghaem Maghami, Vasily Ivanchuk, Zoltán Almási, Alexander Grischuk and Veselin Topalov to meet Michael Adams to play for the title and the right to face world number one Garry Kasparov in a match.
Rustam Kasimdzhanov : Rustam Kasimdzhanov (; ; born 5 December 1979) is an Uzbekistani chess grandmaster and former FIDE World Champion (2004-05).
Barry Gibb : We never discussed the case.
Barry Gibb : To me that was the voice of God."
Barry Gibb : Gibb's career has spanned over sixty years.
Barry Gibb : They have dual citizenship.
Barry Gibb : At that time, Robin was working on his "How Old Are You?"
Barry Gibb : Since my brothers passed, I’ve been able to be self-indulgent.
Barry Gibb : We would just sit around and write and get drunk.
Barry Gibb : I’ve been able to go where I love the music".
Barry Gibb : He lived upstairs for a while, right before his child-molestation trial.
Barry Gibb : Lennon was still wearing his outfit for "Sgt.
Barry Gibb : I love Nashville and I love this music.
Barry Gibb : It was Pete Townshend who introduced me... [Lennon said], 'Pleased to meet you', and he carried on talking to his guest."
Barry Gibb : The film "Sgt.
Barry Gibb : He also produced songs for P.P.
Barry Gibb : When he was almost two years old, he was badly scalded.
Barry Gibb : The house was destroyed by fire on 10 April 2007 while under renovation.
Barry Gibb : He has English, Irish, and Scottish ancestry.
Barry Gibb : He’d sit in the kitchen and watch the fans outside his hotel on TV, just giggling – 'Hee hee!'
Barry Gibb : album with Maurice playing instruments.
Barry Gibb : While Polydor planned to release "One Bad Thing" by 2 October.
Barry Gibb : It was one of those days when I met John Lennon – from the back.
Barry Gibb : "So I met John Lennon's back", Gibb says with a laugh, "I didn't meet his front".
Barry Gibb : No other songs were released from the album "Odessa".
Barry Gibb : Michael liked wine – there were a few nights when he just went to sleep on the floor", adding that he misses Jackson.
Barry Gibb : The song contains guitar work by Peter Frampton.
Barry Gibb : For the first time in public, he performed his new song "The Home Truth Song".
Barry Gibb : As Gibb explained: "But due to time difference we arrived on Christmas Day, we missed Christmas Eve altogether!".
Barry Gibb : At the end of 1967, fame was taking its toll and the group were at odds with each other.
Barry Gibb : Gibb was signed for a few million dollars to a multi-album deal.
Barry Gibb : "; Maurice's keyboard work from a 2001 demo version was included in this 2003 version.
Barry Gibb : Producer Randy Jackson plays bass on all of the tracks.
Barry Gibb : Stigwood was not ready to give up on the group, but he did not believe in the musical direction they were taking.
Barry Gibb : "Underworld" was featured on the film soundtrack of "Arctic Tale" but not in the film.
Barry Gibb : The concert was televised live nationally across Australia on the Max TV cable network.
Barry Gibb : Robert Stigwood chose "First of May" to be the A-side.
Barry Gibb : The brothers spent the summers of 1961 and 1962 performing at hotels and clubs in the Gold Coast area.
Barry Gibb : Barry produced Warwick's "Heartbreaker".
Barry Gibb : He also joined Coldplay on stage during the same festival in 2016.
Barry Gibb : A video for "Fine Line" featuring Gibb without his trademark beard and was filmed in black and white.
Barry Gibb : Polydor still had rights to Gibb's songs outside North America.
Barry Gibb : Songs from the album were not disco and the album was not a commercial success.
Barry Gibb : His 1968 composition "Only One Woman" (UK #5) was the Marbles' most successful single up to date.
Barry Gibb : Their vocal talent brought them to the attention of Bill Gates, a radio deejay.
Barry Gibb : The film includes a music video on most of the songs on "Now Voyager".
Barry Gibb : The song later appeared on the soundtrack of "Deal".
Barry Gibb : "I'll Kiss Your Memory" was not charted in both U.K. and U.S. but reached #16 in Netherlands in five weeks.
Barry Gibb : Michael Jackson was godfather to Gibb's son, Michael.
Barry Gibb : He performed "You Should Be Dancing" with help from Fallon's backing band, The Roots.
Barry Gibb : In September 1988, the film soundtrack of the film was released by Polydor only in the U.K.
Barry Gibb : Gibb had remained a constant creative force for the group and, by 1972, had set aside the idea of a parallel solo career and was ready to devote full attention to the band.
Barry Gibb : In September 1984, his album "Now Voyager" was released.
Barry Gibb : Around the same time, the Bee Gees were signed to Festival but they were assigned to Leedon.
Barry Gibb : After a United States tour early in 1974, the band started to perform at small clubs in England.
Barry Gibb : The same year, he went to Tynwald Street Infants School.
Barry Gibb : Under that name, they performed regularly in "Minor 15", a talent contest for under-fifteens held on Thursday nights from 7:00 to 9:00 PM at Princess Club in Chorlton.
Barry Gibb : After hearing those songs, Gates asked Gibb for more original material.
Barry Gibb : On his seventh birthday in 1953, he went to Desmesne Road Boys School.
Barry Gibb : When the twins were young, they moved to Smedley Cottage, Spring Valley, also in Douglas.
Barry Gibb : Also appearing that night was Sir Paul McCartney who shared the stage with Gibb during the closing credits where they embraced each other.
Barry Gibb : In 1971, the group released "How Can You Mend a Broken Heart" which was their first American #1 hit.
Barry Gibb : Gibb also sang "To Love Somebody" as a bonus online performance.
Barry Gibb : In 1993, the Bee Gees recorded and released "Size Isn't Everything".
Barry Gibb : When Gibb heard Roy Orbison's song "Crying", he said: "That was it.
Barry Gibb : In February 1978, he provided background vocals for his composition "Ain't Nothing Gonna Keep Me From You" which featured Teri DeSario on vocals.
Barry Gibb : Also in 2007 Gibb appeared as a mentor in season six of "American Idol".
Barry Gibb : In 2007, "Drown On the River" was released as a single on iTunes.
Barry Gibb : Gibb earlier said in 2010 about the meeting, "It was virtually a closed club and you went downstairs and there was a coffin and if you were someone they knew and you were supposed to go in, the wall would turn around... and in you would go.
Barry Gibb : The songs were all written by Gibb except "Our Day Will Come".
Barry Gibb : In 1966, Gibb won the annual Radio 5KA award for the best composition of the year, "I Was a Lover, A Leader of Men".
Barry Gibb : He did, however, appear with Coldplay as a guest performer singing "To Love Somebody" and "Stayin' Alive".
Barry Gibb : (elsewhere except North America and Canada) Gibb claimed that not only had he been focusing on writing and recording songs, but he had still hoped to be an actor, "I have already had offers to play different parts but, without appearing swell headed, I haven't found the right part yet".
Barry Gibb : Their first single, "The Battle of the Blue and the Grey" was written by Gibb.
Barry Gibb : Also aboard was Red Symons, future guitarist of Skyhooks, as well as Kylie Minogue's mother.
Barry Gibb : Later, the Gibbs moved to Chapel House on Strang Road.
Barry Gibb : In November 1977, the film "Saturday Night Fever" was released and its soundtrack became the best-selling soundtrack of all time.
Barry Gibb : The Gibb family moved to Sydney at the start of 1963.
Barry Gibb : Gibb has homes in Miami, Florida, and Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire, set in 90 acres of countryside.
Barry Gibb : On 23 December 1967, Barry and Robin left England for Australia.
Barry Gibb : In 2002, Gibb and Michael Jackson recorded "All In Your Name".
Barry Gibb : Gates was also interested in Gibb's original material including "Let Me Love You" and "(Underneath the) Starlight of Love".
Barry Gibb : The second single from the album "To Love Somebody" – on which Gibb provided the lead vocal – has become a standard, covered by hundreds of artists consistently throughout the years since.
Barry Gibb : Also in 1972, Gibb moved to Los Angeles to record in The Record Plant studio.
Barry Gibb : In 1952, the Gibb family relocated to 43 Snaefell Road, Willaston, which became their home for the next two years.
Barry Gibb : All of the Bee Gees' singles from 1963 to 1966 were written by Gibb.
Barry Gibb : He was joined on stage by his son Steve and Maurice's daughter Samantha.
Barry Gibb : Gibb also became friends with Michael Jackson, as he mentions him in his 11 July 2014 interview with the Mirror: "He would come to Miami and stay in our house.
Barry Gibb : When Gibb was born, his father was busy with his music working at various hotels in Douglas, while his mother stayed at home looking after the children.
Barry Gibb : In 1959, the brothers began singing between races at the Redcliffe Speedway to earn money.
Barry Gibb : Shortly after Robin announced his solo plans, the Bee Gees released their first single without him, "Tomorrow Tomorrow".
Barry Gibb : The single from the soundtrack, "Childhood Days", reached only No.
Barry Gibb : Gibb on praising the vocal skills of Frankie Valli as well as one of his influences, ""Frankie Valli has become one of the hallmark voices of our generation.
Barry Gibb : The Bee Gees returned to England in early 1967.
Barry Gibb : Andy's third single, "Shadow Dancing", which was credited to all four Gibb brothers, was also a US No.
Barry Gibb : Bruce Eder of AllMusic stated that the songs on "The Kid's No Good" were of country and sentimental numbers.
Barry Gibb : At the start of 1968, the Gibbs were vying for influence in determining the musical direction of the group, creating tension in the studio and on stage.
Barry Gibb : Also in 2009, Gibb and his wife became U.S. citizens.
Barry Gibb : After many stresses on their personal and professional lives, both Barry and Robin collapsed from nervous exhaustion on a flight from Australia to Turkey in 1967.
Barry Gibb : "In the Now" was co-written by his sons Stephen and Ashley and was produced with John Merchant.
Barry Gibb : The Rattlesnakes' first professional gig took place on 28 December 1957 in the Gaumont Cinema.
Barry Gibb : In 1949, the Gibb family relocated to 50 St. Catherine's Drive.
Barry Gibb : "Guinness World Records" lists Gibb as the second most successful songwriter in history behind Paul McCartney.
Barry Gibb : In December 2011, his two songs, "Grey Ghost" and "Daddy's Little Girl" were released.
Barry Gibb : Also in 1985, he joined the short-lived supergroup the Bunburys with David English.
Barry Gibb : Gibb quit school in September 1961 and the Gibbs moved to Surfers Paradise.
Barry Gibb : Gibb was also influenced by country music as his songs on the 1970 unreleased "The Kid's No Good" were the evidence: "Country music always inspired us.
Barry Gibb : In 1981, the Bee Gees released "Living Eyes".
Barry Gibb : Around 1990, the Bee Gees recorded "High Civilization".
Barry Gibb : The first song featuring Gibb's falsetto was 1975's "Nights on Broadway".
Barry Gibb : He was named Barry Alan Crompton Gibb after his father's youngest brother Alan, who died in infancy.
Barry Gibb : Also in 1968, to promote "Horizontal" the group made their first appearance on U.S. television on "The Smothers Brothers Show" as well as "The Ed Sullivan Show".
Barry Gibb : This is Barry Gibb, from the group the Bee Gees" to which Lennon replied, "Howyadoin'".
Barry Gibb : On 20 May 2012, Robin Gibb died, making Barry the sole surviving Gibb brother.
Barry Gibb : By May 1958 when the Gibbs moved to Northern Grove it signalled the departure of Frost and Horrocks.
Barry Gibb : In a "Mirror" interview with Gibb on 11 July 2014 that he was still mourning following the death of Robin and credits his wife Linda and Paul McCartney for helping him to recover.
Barry Gibb : In 1994, the Bee Gees and Polydor planned a tour to promote "Size Isn't Everything", but it was off in February, due to Gibb's trouble with arthritis in the back, right hand and right knee.
Barry Gibb : "To Whom It May Concern" was the last album recorded fully at IBC Studios and their last album arranged by Bill Shepherd who had worked with the group since 1964.
Barry Gibb : The band later changed its name to Bee Gees.
Barry Gibb : In early 1987, the Bee Gees started to record their first album in six years.
Barry Gibb : In 1987, Gibb co-wrote "Up the Revolution" by Elton John.
Barry Gibb : Gibb started school on 4 September 1951, three days after his fifth birthday, attending Braddan school.
Barry Gibb : The result was their first international LP "Bee Gees' 1st".
Barry Gibb : In 1969, the Bee Gees released "First of May" as the A-side, with the flip side being "Lamplight" on which Robin sang the lead.
Barry Gibb : At the beginning of August 1958, the Gibb family set sail for Australia from Southampton on the ship "Fairsea".
Barry Gibb : Stigwood became the manager of the Bee Gees.
Barry Gibb : Gibb shares the record with John Lennon and Paul McCartney for consecutive "Billboard" Hot 100 number ones as a writer with six.
Barry Gibb : On 25 June 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Barry Gibb among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.
Barry Gibb : and he led Gibb across to a room where Lennon was holding court and Townshend said, "John.
Barry Gibb : In late 2009, Barry and Robin announced plans to record and perform together once again as the Bee Gees.
Barry Gibb : His mother had just made tea which she had put on the table; he climbed up and pulled the tea pot down and got the tea all over him.
Barry Gibb : In August 2006, two Gibb singles, "Doctor Mann" and "Underworld", were released on iTunes.
Barry Gibb : Another of his compositions, "I Just Don't Like to Be Alone" by Bryan Davies, reached No.
Barry Gibb : During 1977, Gibb co-wrote "Emotion", the song remains Samantha Sang's best-known hit.
Barry Gibb : Gibb and Fallon sang some Everly Brothers songs, including "Bye Bye Love" and "Wake Up Little Susie".
Barry Gibb : In August 1983, Irving Azoff signed Gibb to the MCA Records for North America.
Barry Gibb : The songs were all performed by Gibb except "Chain Reaction" (Diana Ross).
Barry Gibb : Skaggs later recorded "Soldier's Son" on which Gibb added vocals for Skaggs' album "Music to My Ears" released in 2012.
Barry Gibb : In August, the Bee Gees reunited and recorded together again, writing "Lonely Days" and "How Can You Mend a Broken Heart" at their first reunion session.
Barry Gibb : Pentangle drummer Terry Cox replaced Petersen to complete another 12 songs, but only five songs were released in the album.
Barry Gibb : The group later filmed a TV special "Frankie Howerd Meets the Bee Gees" with Frankie Howerd.
Barry Gibb : The brothers later changed the name of the group to Wee Johnny Hayes and the Blue Cats.
Barry Gibb : Gibb appeared on a McCartney tribute album, "The Art of McCartney", released on 18 November 2014 performing "When I'm Sixty-Four".
Barry Gibb : Gibb co-wrote "I Will Be There", which was recorded as a demo for Tina Turner and released on Turner's album "Twenty Four Seven".
Barry Gibb : When the group announced that they had split at the start of December 1969, Gibb spent January 1970 writing songs to record the following month.
Barry Gibb : Arnold including "Bury Me Down By the River" (released as a single) which were originally recorded by the Bee Gees for their 1970 album.
Barry Gibb : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", featuring Gibb as Mark Henderson was shown in July 1978.
Barry Gibb : In late 1985 and early 1986, he wrote new songs for his next album, though his third album "Moonlight Madness" was not released and most of the songs on that album was later released in 1988.
Barry Gibb : Barry also worked with Samantha Sang, co-writing and producing two songs "The Love of a Woman" and the B-side "Don't Let It Happen Again" released on Parlophone.
Barry Gibb : Two of Gibb's singles were omitted after the group had reunited, "One Bad Thing / The Day Your Eyes Meet Mine" was withdrawn at the last minute in the US while Polydor planned to release "One Bad Thing" (2 October 1970).
Barry Gibb : In April and May 2005, Barbra Streisand recorded songs for her new album produced by Gibb.
Barry Gibb : Barry's son Steve was also on stage as lead guitarist and sang a Maurice composition, "On Time".
Barry Gibb : He sang "How Can You Mend a Broken Heart" with Maurice's daughter, Samantha Gibb, who is a singer in her own band.
Barry Gibb : In November 2003, ten months after Maurice's death, Gibb produced and contributed background vocals and guitar to two songs performed by Cliff Richard, "I Cannot Give You My Love" and "How Many Sleeps?
Barry Gibb : The fair play for musicians advertisement proposed that the copyright be extended to the American standard of 95 years and was a direct response to the Gowers Review (published by the British Government on 6 December 2006), which recommended the retention of the 50-year protection for sound recordings.
Barry Gibb : And in 1988, Gibb recorded two new songs for the "Hawks" film.
Barry Gibb : In January 2005, along with many artists, Gibb and his brother Robin recorded vocal parts for the charity single "Grief Never Grows Old" on behalf of victims of the tsunami in the Indian Ocean on 26 December 2004.
Barry Gibb : In 2001, Gibb co-wrote "I Cannot Give You My Love" with Ashley Gibb, which was intended for Cliff Richard.
Barry Gibb : The film "Cucumber Castle", featuring only two Bee Gees after originally including Petersen, aired on BBC2 on 26 December 1970.
Barry Gibb : Gibb co-wrote three songs for Swedish singer Carola on her album "Runaway".
Barry Gibb : On that tour, for the first time on stage, Gibb performed "Playdown" (1966), "Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You" (1967), "I Started a Joke" (1969) and "With the Sun in My Eyes" (1968).
Barry Gibb : Colin Petersen and Vince Melouney later joined the band as drummer and lead guitarist.
Barry Gibb : On 8 February 2015 at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, Gibb, along with the group Pentatonix, presented the category of Best Pop Vocal Album.
Barry Gibb : 2 in Australia New South Wales Chart and #32 on the Kent Music Report charts for Jimmy Little in 1964.
Barry Gibb : By September 1962, Gibb managed to audition songs to Col Joye.
Barry Gibb : Gibb and Galuten wrote "Save Me, Save Me" originally recorded by the group Network and later covered by Frankie Valli, Dusty Springfield, Rare Earth, and Teri DeSario.
Barry Gibb : In 1982, Clive Davis asked Gibb to write for Dionne Warwick, who was on his Arista label.
Barry Gibb : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" photo shoot earlier that day on 30 March 1967; after a couple of scotch and cokes, Townshend said to Gibb, "Do you want to meet John?"
Barry Gibb : Also in 2009, Barry and Linda Gibb became U.S. citizens, but retained their British citizenship.
Barry Gibb : In 2010, Gibb withdrew from a planned appearance on the Gorillaz album "Plastic Beach" which was released in March.
Barry Gibb : The Bee Gees acknowledged that they would sing in the style of the Everlys and then add a third harmony; the result was "New York Mining Disaster 1941" (1967).
Barry Gibb : In the same year, he co-wrote most of the songs on Robin Gibb's album "Walls Have Eyes".
Barry Gibb : Also in 2002, Gibb sings background vocals on Michael Bublé's version of the 1971 song "How Can You Mend a Broken Heart".
Barry Gibb : In 1985, Gibb started to record demos for Diana Ross, for her album "Eaten Alive".
Barry Gibb : The pair celebrated Christmas with their manager Robert Stigwood's family as Gibb said: "We went on to Sydney".
Barry Gibb : Gibb said that their first song played was Paul Anka's "I Love You, Baby", however, in 1968, he remembered it as the Everly Brothers' "Wake Up Little Susie".
Barry Gibb : In 1976, Gibb wrote "I Just Want to Be Your Everything", Andy Gibb's first US No.
Barry Gibb : Also in 2004, Gibb co-wrote and sang background vocals on his son Steve Gibb's solo single "Living in the Rain".
Barry Gibb : In July 1970, Gibb travelled to Australia to act as compere for "Go-Set", and on that occasion, he gave an interview on the magazine which revealed that sixteen months after the Bee Gees' break-up, but he was still not ready to argue with his brothers, "Obviously, we're still brothers, but we are no longer as a group".
Barry Gibb : Around 1958, Gibb's guitar was accidentally broken by Frost, who described the guitar as "broken in the middle".
Barry Gibb : In October 1980, Barbra Streisand's "Guilty" was released, produced by the Gibb-Galuten-Richardson team.
Barry Gibb : On 7 December 2006, Gibb joined 4,500 other musicians in a full-page advertisement in the "Financial Times" newspaper, calling for the British Government to extend the existing 50-year copyright protection of sound recordings in the United Kingdom.
Barry Gibb : The film "Now Voyager" starring Gibb was directed by Storm Thorgerson, in which Gibb is the protagonist, with actor Michael Hordern as his guide through a confusing world between life and death.
Barry Gibb : Gibb's friend, country singer TG Sheppard said in an interview with Gary James that Gibb just moved to Nashville and was going into country music.
Barry Gibb : In September 2001, the Bee Gees re-recorded "Islands in the Stream", which became their last session as a group, as Gibb did not seem to be present on the session in Middle Ear Studios, Miami Beach, Florida.
Barry Gibb : Also in the same year, Gibb sang background vocals on Jamie Jo's song "U Turn Me On" and wrote the theme music for ITV's "Grease Is the Word".
Barry Gibb : On 21 February 2012, Gibb performed his first solo concert in the U.S. at the Seminole Hard Rock Cafe in Florida.
Barry Gibb : In 1967, Gibb was in The Speakeasy Club, a nightclub in London where he was introduced by Pete Townshend to John Lennon.
Barry Gibb : Two singles from the album included "Shine, Shine", a US Top 40 single that reached the Top 10 in their Adult contemporary charts, and "Fine Line" which was less successful only reaching #50 on the dance charts.
Barry Gibb : On 2 May 2004, Barry and Robin Gibb received the CBE award at Buckingham Palace; their nephew Adam accepted his father Maurice's posthumous award.
Barry Gibb : Also, for the first time, the music video of the Bee Gees' 2001 song "Technicolor Dreams", written by Gibb, was shown before the show began.
Barry Gibb : On 28 January, Gibb was interviewed by the CNN about his brothers and, in that same interview, Gibb talks about Justin Bieber, saying he is "heading for a brick wall".
Barry Gibb : In January 2006, Gibb purchased the former home of country singers Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash (the House of Cash) in Hendersonville, Tennessee, intending to restore it and turn it into a songwriting retreat.
Barry Gibb : During 1976, Gibb met with Vince Melouney and wrote two songs, "Let It Ride" and "Morning Rain", that were never recorded.
Barry Gibb : In October, Gibb performed at the Grand Ole Opry for the second time with Ricky Skaggs.
Barry Gibb : In April 1970 the album "Cucumber Castle" was released four months after the break-up, featuring only Barry and Maurice, as Robin was working on his solo career.
Barry Gibb : He commenced a world tour in 2013 in Australia called Mythology Tour, featuring the Bee Gees anthology set album of the same name.
Barry Gibb : For the first time as a solo artist, he appeared on the panel of judges and performed "One Bad Thing" and "The Day Your Eyes Meet Mine" on "Miss Teen Princess of the World" pageant in Germany in June, his reaction was "I've not appeared on stage for at least a year and three months, and I really miss people".
Barry Gibb : In February 1970, he started to record his first solo album, "The Kid's No Good"; he released his first solo single, "I'll Kiss Your Memory", but the rest of the songs that were supposed to be on the album were never released and only appeared in bootlegs.
Barry Gibb : In the summer of 1969, Petersen left the group which now only featured Barry and Maurice as the Bee Gees.
Barry Gibb : "One Bad Thing" was later given by Gibb to his friend Ronnie Burns, a singer from Australia, and later released it as a single on Festival Records.
Barry Gibb : On 24 February, the group passed a live audition with Robert Stigwood and later signed to Robert Stigwood Organization also the same day that "Spicks and Specks" was released by Polydor as a single in England.
Barry Gibb : The two songs of which were vocal duets between Streisand and Gibb are "Guilty" a U.S. Top 10, and "What Kind of Fool" also reached the Top 10 in the U.S. and reached #1 on the US Adult contemporary chart.
Barry Gibb : On 28 June 2016, it was announced that Gibb had signed to Columbia Records and would release his second solo album, "In the Now", on 7 October 2016.
Barry Gibb : This short tour inspired Festival Records to release a box set of the Bee Gees' three Australian albums, "The Festival Albums Collection, 1965–1967", and a 'best of' compilation of the group's Australian era songs titled "Morning of My Life".
Barry Gibb : Around 1992, Gibb played guitar on Lulu's "Let Me Wake Up in Your Arms", released in 1993.
Barry Gibb : After the Bee Gees' successful 1979 Spirits Having Flown Tour to promote the album of the same name, he produced and almost wrote all of the songs on Andy Gibb's final album, "After Dark", released at the start of 1980.
Barry Gibb : At the start of 1975, the band moved to Miami at the suggestion of Eric Clapton to work on their new album with R&B producer Arif Mardin in Criteria Studios.
Barry Gibb : In 1973, the Bee Gees moved to Robert Stigwood's RSO Records and released their first singles for Stigwood, "Saw a New Morning" and "Life in a Tin Can".
Barry Gibb : On 27 January 2014, Gibb appeared on the American television show "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" to announce the start of his first solo tour of the US.
Barry Gibb : In August 1983, he produced Rogers' new album "Eyes That See in the Dark", which includes the song "Islands in the Stream" by Rogers and Dolly Parton which became one of the best-selling singles in country music.
Barry Gibb : In September 1990, Gibb played guitar and produced "Born to Be Loved by You" by Kelli Wolfe, which was released as an unreleased B-side in August 1993.
Barry Gibb : "One Bad Thing", which he considered as the second single from his debut album and Atco pressed some copies of it in August 1970 with "The Day Your Eyes Meet Mine" as the B-side.
Barry Gibb : According to Hugh, in a mix of fact and fiction, the third name was given to Barry to honour the Gibbs' illustrious ancestor, 'Sir Isaac' Crompton- actually Samuel Crompton, inventor of the spinning mule.
Barry Gibb : At the suggestion of Jerry Wexler and Ahmet Ertegun of Atlantic Records, Stigwood sent them to work with Atlantic producer and arranger Arif Mardin who produced the next Bee Gees album in 1974.
Barry Gibb : Around the same time, the Gibb brothers contributed backing vocals on the track "Cowman, Milk Your Cow" a song written by Gibb and Robin sung by singer Adam Faith.
Barry Gibb : In September 1980, Gibb produced the three new songs on Andy Gibb's first compilation album, "Andy Gibb's Greatest Hits".
Barry Gibb : The other songs intended for Kenny Rogers were written in late 1982, then at the start of 1983, Barry continued to record the demos until April 1983, while also recording songs with the Bee Gees for the film "Staying Alive".
Barry Gibb : On 14 March 2009, Gibb teamed with Olivia Newton-John to present the one-hour finale performance at a star-studded 12-hour live concert at Sydney's Sydney Cricket Ground, part of Sound Relief, a fundraiser to aid victims of the February 2009 Victorian Bushfires that devastated large tracts of heavily wooded and populated south-eastern Australia, where the Gibb family once lived.
Barry Gibb : On 25 June 2017, Gibb performed the "legend" spot at the Glastonbury Festival in England.
Barry Gibb : Gibb made his debut performance at the Grand Ole Opry on 27 July 2012, performing three songs with Ricky Skaggs.
Barry Gibb : In June and July 1987, Gibb and Maurice produced Andy Gibb's four new songs; one of them is "Arrow Through the Heart" which was released in 2010.
Barry Gibb : On 27 October 2013, Gibb appeared at the Country Music Hall of Fame with Kenny Rogers and Bobby Bare; Gibb performed "Islands in the Stream" with Kelly Lang.
Barry Gibb : In 1978, Gibb wrote a title song to order for their manager Robert Stigwood's film and stage musical "Grease" and was later recorded by singer Frankie Valli and reached No.
Barry Gibb : On 26 June 2016, Gibb was scheduled to perform the "legend" spot at the Glastonbury Festival in England, but pulled out due to a family illness.
Barry Gibb : On 21 December 2013, Barry Gibb made a surprise appearance on the US television show "Saturday Night Live" at the end of the "Barry Gibb Talk Show" skit with Jimmy Fallon, Justin Timberlake and Madonna.
Barry Gibb : In August 1983, after Gibb met Kenny Rogers who asked for some songs, Gibb recorded his first demo for Rogers entitled "Eyes That See in the Dark".
Barry Gibb : The photos from that event were leaked, and two of the pictures showing Gibb was talking to actress Angela Cartwright, and the other, is Gibb who was shown playing guitar and the members of Honey Ltd. sing along.
Barry Gibb : On 26 March 2015, Gibb was one of the headlining acts on a music festival called the Hard Rock Rising Miami Beach Global Music Festival alongside Andrea Bocelli, Gloria Estefan, Flo Rida, Jon Secada and Wyclef Jean.
Barry Gibb : Between 1963 and 1966, Gibb's songs were recorded by numerous Australian recording artists including Trevor Gordon, Noeleen Batley, Anne Shelton, April Byron, Ronnie Burns and Lori Balmer.
Barry Gibb : In 1955, Gibb formed the skiffle group The Rattlesnakes, consisting of himself on vocals and guitar, Robin and Maurice on vocals and friends/neighbours Paul Frost and Kenny Horrocks also providing vocals.
Barry Gibb : In October 1971, Gibb recorded three songs for his fan club called "Barry Gibb Fan Club"; one of the songs, "King Kathy" was released as a single on Lyntone Records.
Barry Gibb : Gibb's influences when he was in the Rattlesnakes were Tommy Steele, The Mills Brothers, The Everly Brothers, Paul Anka and Cliff Richard.
Barry Gibb : The award was also bestowed upon his brother Robin and posthumously upon his brother Maurice.
Barry Gibb : On 10 July 2009, Gibb was made a Freeman of the Borough of Douglas (Isle of Man).
Barry Gibb : On 10 July 2009, Gibb was made a Freeman of the Borough of Douglas (Isle of Man).
Thibaut Courtois : Thibaut Nicolas Marc Courtois (; born 11 May 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Belgium national team.
Thibaut Courtois : In three seasons there, he won the Europa League in 2012, the Copa del Rey in 2013 and the La Liga title in 2014.
Thibaut Courtois : In July 2011 Courtois joined Premier League club Chelsea for a reported €9 million, signing a five-year deal.
Thibaut Courtois : He won his first trophy with Chelsea on 1 March 2015, as they defeated Tottenham Hotspur 2–0 in the League Cup Final, with Čech instead playing in that match; Chelsea also finished the season as league champions.
Yvan Colonna : Yvan Colonna is a Corsican nationalist convicted for assassination.
Philip Warren Anderson : In 1977 Anderson was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his investigations into the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems, which allowed for the development of electronic switching and memory devices in computers.
Philip Warren Anderson : Philip Warren Anderson (born December 13, 1923) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate.
Kazuo Ozaki : He played 17 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1983.
Jesús Dátolo : Dátolo moved to Boca Juniors during the mid-year transfer period of 2006.
Jesús Dátolo : On 16 January 2010, it was announced that Napoli's 25-year-old midfielder will play on loan for Olympiakos F.C.
Jesús Dátolo : After the end of his contract, Dátolo signed with Vitória in January 2017.
Jesús Dátolo : Jesús Alberto Dátolo (born 19 May 1984) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Banfield.
Pablo Laso : He holds the ACB records for most career assists (2,896) and most career steals (1,219).
Pablo Laso : Pablo Laso Biurrún (born October 13, 1967) is a Spanish professional basketball head coach of the Real Madrid basketball team, and a former professional player.
Pablo Laso : He also led Real Madrid to win 4 Spanish League championships (2013, 2015, 2016, 2018), 5 Spanish Cups (2012, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017), and 4 Spanish Supercups (2012, 2013, 2014, 2018).
Luis Muriel : Muriel completed his loan move to Granada on 12 July 2010.
Luis Muriel : Luis Fernando Muriel Fruto (; born 16 April 1991) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Atalanta and the Colombian national team.
Luis Muriel : He scored his first goal the following year, scoring in a friendly against Guatemala on 6 February 2013.
Luis Muriel : In May 2018 he was named in Colombia's preliminary 35 man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Luis Muriel : The following summer, Muriel was included in the 23-man Colombia squad for the 2019 Copa América in Brazil.
Nicolás Colazo : At age 9 Colazo joined Boca Juniors, where he played at every youth level.
Nicolás Colazo : On 24 January 2019, he left Aris and joined Tigre on a 6-month loan deal.
Nicolás Colazo : Nicolás Carlos Colazo (born 8 July 1990 in Buenos Aires), is an Argentine midfielder who currently plays for Rosario Central in the Argentine Primera División.
Nicolás Colazo : His debut for the first team came on July 4, 2009 against Colón, in a 3–1 Boca victory.
Nicolás Colazo : After the arrival of Julio Cesar Falcioni as head coach for the 2011 Torneo Clausura, Colazo earned a starting role in the Boca squad for the first time.
Nicolás Colazo : His first senior goal came in January 2010, a header in a friendly match against San Lorenzo in Mar del Plata.
Nicolás Colazo : He scored a goal in the Superclásico against River Plate in January 2011.
William Gibson : Becoming frustrated with his poor academic performance, Gibson's mother threatened to send him to a boarding school; to her surprise, he reacted enthusiastically.
William Gibson : He spent a few unproductive years at basketball-obsessed George Wythe High School, a time spent largely in his room listening to records and reading books.
William Gibson : On the SAT (Scholastic Aptitude Test) exams, he scored 148 out of 150 in the written section but 5 out of 150 in mathematics, to the dismay of his teachers.
William Gibson : Gibson later described Wytheville as "a place where modernity had arrived to some extent but was deeply distrusted" and credits the beginnings of his relationship with science fiction, his "native literary culture", with the subsequent feeling of abrupt exile.
William Gibson : William Ford Gibson was born in the coastal city of Conway, South Carolina, and he spent most of his childhood in Wytheville, Virginia, a small town in the Appalachians where his parents had been born and raised.
Marques Batista de Abreu : Marques Batista de Abreu (born February 12, 1973), or simply Marques, is a former Brazilian striker.
Gerhard Ertl : Ertl's research laid the foundation of modern surface chemistry, which has helped explain how fuel cells produce energy without pollution, how catalytic converters clean up car exhausts and even why iron rusts, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said.
Gerhard Ertl : Then, he became a Professor at Institute for Physical Chemistry, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (1973–1986).
Herman Rarebell : Rarebell played drums from 1965 with the band The Mastermen, from 1968 with The Fuggs Blues and RS Rindfleisch, with whom he released one single and performed in the clubs of the US military throughout Germany.
Herman Rarebell : He composed the lyrics for some of the band's most well known songs such as "Rock You Like a Hurricane", "Make It Real", "Dynamite", "Blackout", "Arizona", "Bad Boys Running Wild", "Don't Stop at the Top", and "Tease Me Please Me".
Herman Rarebell : Herman Rarebell (born 18 November 1949 as Hermann Josef Erbel) is a German musician, best known as the drummer for the band Scorpions from 1977 to 1995, during which time he played on eight studio albums.
Carlos Carbonero : Carlos Mario Carbonero Mancilla (born 25 July 1990) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ferro Carril Oeste.
Carlos Carbonero : In the 2012 Supercopa Argentina, Carbonero failed to score in the penalty shoot-out against Boca Juniors but despite this, Arsenal were still able to beat Boca 4–3 thus claiming the title.
Carlos Carbonero : In 2014, he was named the surprising late replacement for Aldo Leão Ramírez for Colombia's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad by José Pékerman.
Carlos Carbonero : He netted a goal in the 2012 Tornero Clausura against San Martín in an away game that ended 4-1 in favour of Arsenal.
Carlos Carbonero : He scored his first goal for Arsenal in the 2012 edition of the Copa Libertadores in 3–0 win against Zamora.
Claudio Marchisio : Marchisio married Roberta Sinopoli in June 2008 and they have two sons, Davide (born in August 2009) and Leonardo (born in March 2012).
Claudio Marchisio : He was forced to withdraw, however, from the remaining qualifying matches against the Republic of Ireland and Cyprus after being diagnosed with a knee meniscus injury that required surgery.
Claudio Marchisio : Born in Turin, Marchisio is the youngest of three children and was raised in the "comuni" of Chieri and Andezeno, where his parents run a family business and continue to reside.
Claudio Marchisio : Although he did not score any goals, he tallied two vital assists and was a regular starter when available for the Tuscan club under both Luigi Cagni and Alberto Malesani.
Claudio Marchisio : On 17 May 2011, Juventus announced that Marchisio had signed an improved, five-year contract with the club.
Claudio Marchisio : At the tournament, he started every game and, despite missing the semi-final loss to Germany through suspension, was one of several "Azzurrini" stars tipped to make the senior squad, also being named to the Team of the Tournament.
Claudio Marchisio : Claudio Marchisio (; born 19 January 1986) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Claudio Marchisio : Despite a disappointing 2010 FIFA World Cup campaign, Marchisio began the season as first-choice under new manager Luigi Delneri.
Claudio Marchisio : During the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons, he was called up to train with the first team numerous times by Fabio Capello and given a squad number.
Claudio Marchisio : In September, he marked his 100th appearance in a Juventus shirt with a goal against Udinese in a 4–0 win.
Claudio Marchisio : Five days after his 23rd birthday, he scored his first Serie A goal, the match-winner against Fiorentina.
Claudio Marchisio : As the season progressed, he established himself in Didier Deschamps' side and ended the season as first-choice central midfielder.
Claudio Marchisio : As a child, he was interested in various sports and joined the youth football team at Fiat's satellite sports club Sisport, where he was later scouted by Juventus youth coaches at the age of seven.
Claudio Marchisio : In May 2009, Pierluigi Casiraghi named him in the final squad for the 2009 Under-21 European Championship.
Claudio Marchisio : He capped a fine season with an assist for Del Piero's match opener in the 5–1 thrashing of Arezzo, a result which secured immediate promotion to Serie A mathematically.
Claudio Marchisio : In the Europa League round of 16 tie against Fulham on 11 March 2010, he captained the team for the first time when David Trezeguet handed him the captain's armband after being substituted at the 62nd minute, as vice-captains Gianluigi Buffon and Giorgio Chiellini missed the match through injury and Del Piero remained an unused substitute.
Claudio Marchisio : He then made his league debut on 28 October against Frosinone as a late substitute for David Trezeguet and made his first start in the following match against Brescia.
Claudio Marchisio : After surgery, he was sidelined for one month-and-a-half and made his comeback as a last minute substitute in the Champions League group stage tie away at Bordeaux on 25 November.
Claudio Marchisio : On 25 July 2007, Marchisio was loaned out to Empoli for the 2007–08 season with good friend and fellow youth product Sebastian Giovinco to gain first-team experience.
Claudio Marchisio : He made his Serie A debut on 26 August against Fiorentina and European debut the following month in the UEFA Cup against FC Zürich.
Steve Kerr : Kerr also won the 3-Point Shootout at the 1997 All-Star Game.
Steve Kerr : Kerr was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the second round of the 1988 NBA draft.
Steve Kerr : Stephen Douglas Kerr (born September 27, 1965) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Steve Kerr : He is an eight-time NBA champion, having won five titles as a player (three with the Chicago Bulls and two with the San Antonio Spurs) as well as three with the Warriors as a head coach.
Hansjörg Schellenberger : In 1991 Schellenberger founded the Berliner-Hadyn-Konzerte cycle, which he continues to conduct himself.
Hansjörg Schellenberger : Hansjörg Schellenberger is a German oboist and conductor born in 1948.
Hansjörg Schellenberger : He continued his studies in Munich with Manfred Clement and he attended master classes with Heinz Holliger.
Hansjörg Schellenberger : He won the first prize at the German Jugend musiziert Competition with seventeen, which led to a scholarship enabling him to further his education at Interlochen (Michigan, USA).
Hansjörg Schellenberger : He has dedicated a great part of his artistic activity to chamber music with groups such as the Wind Ensemble of the Berlin Philharmonic and the Vienna-Berlin Ensemble.
Hansjörg Schellenberger : Currently he is principal professor of oboe at the Reina Sofía School of Music in Madrid.
Bernie Sanders : How many homes can you own?"
Bernie Sanders : Sanders replied:
Bernie Sanders : It is important that we listen to what he has said."
Bernie Sanders : Putin."
Bernie Sanders : Putin."
Bernie Sanders : So what I learned as a little kid is that politics is, in fact, very important."
Bernie Sanders : They married in 1964 and bought a summer home in Vermont; they had no children and divorced in 1966.
Bernie Sanders : As a member of Congress, he voted against the original Patriot Act legislation.
Bernie Sanders : He also supports legislation that would make it easier for workers to join or form a trade union.
Bernie Sanders : Commentators have noted the consistency of Sanders's views throughout his political career.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders was reelected three times, defeating both Democratic and Republican candidates.
Bernie Sanders : In 2005, Sanders voted for the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act.
Bernie Sanders : He received 53% of the vote in 1983 and 55% in 1985.
Bernie Sanders : Burlington was regarded as one of the most livable cities in the United States.
Bernie Sanders : The act's purpose was to prevent firearms manufacturers and dealers from being held liable for negligence when crimes have been committed with their products.
Bernie Sanders : I do believe in private companies that thrive and invest and grow in America, companies that create jobs here, rather than companies that are shutting down in America and increasing their profits by exploiting low-wage labor abroad."
Bernie Sanders : The amendment passed the House by a bipartisan majority, but was removed on November4 of that year in House–Senate negotiations and never became law.
Bernie Sanders : A July 29, 2015 meetup organized online brought 100,000 supporters to more than 3,500 simultaneous events nationwide.
Bernie Sanders : After weeks of sit-ins, Beadle and the university formed a commission to investigate discrimination.
Bernie Sanders : 197 in Brooklyn, where he won a borough championship on the basketball team.
Bernie Sanders : Larry Sanders said of their parents, "They were very pleased to be Jews, but didn't have a strong belief in God."
Bernie Sanders : One of his primary achievements was improving Burlington's Lake Champlain waterfront.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders was the first independent elected to the U.S. House of Representatives since Frazier Reams's election to represent Ohio 40 years earlier.
Bernie Sanders : After serving four two-year terms, Sanders chose not to seek reelection in 1989.
Bernie Sanders : Many national media outlets projected Sanders as the winner just after the polls closed, before any returns came in.
Bernie Sanders : "We feel it is an intolerable situation when Negro and white students of the university cannot live together in university-owned apartments," Sanders said at the protest.
Bernie Sanders : In the 1940s, many of his relatives in German-occupied Poland were murdered in the Holocaust.
Bernie Sanders : In 1999, Sanders voted and advocated against rolling back the Glass–Steagall Legislation provisions that kept investment banks and commercial banks separate entities.
Bernie Sanders : Over the following weeks, he drew even larger crowds: 11,000 in Arizona, 15,000 in Seattle, and 28,000 in Portland, Oregon.
Bernie Sanders : He and 32 other students then entered the building and camped outside the president's office.
Bernie Sanders : The Democratic National Committee (DNC) announced in May 2015 that there would be six debates.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders announced his intention to seek the Democratic Party's nomination for president on April 30, 2015, and his campaign was officially launched on May 26, 2015, in Burlington.
Bernie Sanders : He gained a large grassroots organizational following online.
Bernie Sanders : He attended Hebrew school in the afternoons, and celebrated his bar mitzvah in 1954.
Bernie Sanders : He voted for the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists that has been cited as the legal justification for controversial military actions since the September 11 attacks.
Bernie Sanders : That summer, he was fined $25 () for resisting arrest during a demonstration in Englewood against segregation in Chicago's public schools.
Bernie Sanders : His son (and only biological child), Levi Sanders, was born in 1969 to girlfriend Susan Campbell Mott.
Bernie Sanders : His father died a few years later on August 4, 1962, at the age of 57.
Bernie Sanders : In addition to his civil rights activism during the 1960s and 1970s, Sanders was active in several peace and antiwar movements while attending the University of Chicago.
Bernie Sanders : He has said he feels "very close" to Francis's economic teachings, describing him as "incredibly smart and brave".
Bernie Sanders : He also supports legalizing marijuana at the federal level.
Bernie Sanders : In 1985, Burlington City Hall hosted a foreign policy speech by Noam Chomsky.
Bernie Sanders : Unlike the other major candidates, Sanders did not pursue funding through a Super PAC or by wealthy donors, instead focusing on small individual donations.
Bernie Sanders : He served as a U.S. Representative for 16 years before being elected to the U.S. Senate in 2006; he was reelected to the Senate in 2012 and 2018.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders attended the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, where Martin Luther King, Jr. gave the "I Have a Dream" speech.
Bernie Sanders : Both the NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People) and the NHLA (National Hispanic Leadership Agenda) have given him 100% voting scores during his tenure in the Senate.
Bernie Sanders : Then-Senator Barack Obama also campaigned for him in Vermont in March 2006.
Bernie Sanders : The Progressives never held more than six seats on the 13-member city council, but they had enough to keep the council from overriding Sanders's vetoes.
Bernie Sanders : Warren welcomed Sanders's entry into the race, saying, "I'm glad to see him get out there and give his version of what leadership in this country should be," but never endorsed him.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders became interested in politics at an early age: "A guy named Adolf Hitler won an election in 1932.
Bernie Sanders : In 1987, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Sanders one of America's best mayors.
Bernie Sanders : His wife is Roman Catholic, and he has frequently expressed admiration for Pope Francis, saying that "the leader of the Catholic Church is raising profound issues.
Bernie Sanders : As mayor, Sanders led extensive downtown revitalization projects.
Bernie Sanders : He was a member of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and the Student Peace Union.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders's June 2015 campaign events drew overflow crowds around the country, to his surprise.
Bernie Sanders : Under his leadership, Burlington sued the local television cable franchise, thereby winning reduced rates for customers.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders entered the race for the U.S. Senate on April 21, 2005, after Senator Jim Jeffords announced that he would not seek a fourth term.
Bernie Sanders : He calls for substantial investment in infrastructure, with "energy efficiency and sustainability" and job creation as prominent goals.
Bernie Sanders : His presidential campaign raised $1.5 million within 24 hours of his official announcement.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders attended James Madison High School, also in Brooklyn, where he was captain of the track team and took third place in the New York City indoor one-mile race.
Bernie Sanders : The Sanders campaign has used the internet and social media as key tools in its organizing efforts.
Bernie Sanders : After its 357–66 passage in the House, he sponsored and voted for several subsequent amendments and acts attempting to curtail its effects and voted against each reauthorization.
Bernie Sanders : Bernard Sanders (born September8, 1941) is an American politician who has served as the junior United States Senator from Vermont since 2007.
Bernie Sanders : In his introduction, he praised Chomsky as "a very vocal and important voice in the wilderness of intellectual life in America" and said that he was "delighted to welcome a person who I think we're all very proud of."
Bernie Sanders : He ran as the Liberty Union candidate for governor of Vermont in 1972 and 1976 and as a candidate for U.S. senator in 1972 and 1974.
Bernie Sanders : In the most expensive political campaign in Vermont's history, he defeated businessman Rich Tarrant by an approximately 2-to-1 margin.
Bernie Sanders : Former Lieutenant Governor Peter P. Smith (R) won the House election with a plurality, securing 41% of the vote.
Bernie Sanders : During his first year in the House, Sanders often alienated allies and colleagues with his criticism of both political parties as working primarily on behalf of the wealthy.
Bernie Sanders : Dean said in May 2005 that he considered Sanders an ally who "votes with the Democrats 98% of the time."
Bernie Sanders : He was reelected in 2012 with 71% of the vote, and in 2018 with 67% of the vote.
Bernie Sanders : Polling conducted in August 2011 by Public Policy Polling found that Sanders's approval rating was 67% and his disapproval rating 28%, making him then the third-most popular senator in the country.
Bernie Sanders : He attended elementary school at P.S.
Bernie Sanders : On November 15, 2015, in response to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL)'s attacks in Paris, He cautioned against "Islamophobia" and said, "We gotta be tough, not stupid" in the war against ISIL, adding that the U.S. should continue to welcome Syrian refugees.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders is a self-described "democratic socialist", and progressive who admires the Nordic model of social democracy and has been a proponent of workplace democracy.
Bernie Sanders : He has denounced institutional racism and called for criminal justice reform to reduce the number of people in prison, advocates a crackdown on police brutality, and supports abolishing private, for-profit prisons and the death penalty.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders's elder brother, Larry, lives in England; he was a Green Party county councillor, representing the East Oxford division on Oxfordshire County Council, until he retired from the Council in 2013.
Bernie Sanders : In high school, he lost his first election, finishing last out of three candidates for the student body presidency.
Bernie Sanders : Critics alleged that the small number of debates and the schedule, with half of the debates on Saturday or Sunday nights, were part of the DNC's deliberate attempt to protect the front-runner, Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders : Following his resignation from the Liberty Union Party in 1977, Sanders worked as a writer and as the director of the nonprofit American People's Historical Society (APHS).
Bernie Sanders : Although he opposed the war, Sanders never criticized those who fought in it, and he has long been a strong supporter of veterans' benefits.
Bernie Sanders : In the 1974 senatorial race, he finished third (5,901 votes; 4%), behind 33-year-old Chittenden County State's Attorney Patrick Leahy (D, VI; 70,629 votes; 49%) and two-term incumbent U.S. Representative Dick Mallary (R; 66,223 votes; 46%).
Bernie Sanders : Sanders voted against the resolutions authorizing the use of force against Iraq in 1991 and 2002, and he opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Bernie Sanders : In 1993, Sanders voted against the Brady Bill, which mandated federal background checks when buying guns and imposed a waiting period on firearm purchasers in the United States; the bill passed by a vote of 238–187.
Bernie Sanders : Regarding the investigation of what turned out to be a leak of CIA agent Valerie Plame's identity by a State Department official, he stated: "The revelation that the President authorized the release of classified information in order to discredit an Iraq war critic should tell every member of Congress that the time is now for a serious investigation of how we got into the war in Iraq and why Congress can no longer act as a rubber stamp for the President."
Bernie Sanders : He has advocated for greater democratic participation by citizens, campaign finance reform, and a constitutional amendment or judicial decision that would overturn "Citizens United v. FEC".
Bernie Sanders : He was against the bank bailout, and has called for comprehensive financial reforms, such as breaking up "too big to fail" financial institutions, restoring Glass–Steagall legislation, reforming the Federal Reserve Bank, and allowing the Post Office to offer basic financial services in economically marginalized communities.
Bernie Sanders : He strongly opposed the U.S. invasion of Iraq and has criticized a number of policies instituted during the War on Terror, particularly that of mass surveillance and the USA Patriot Act.
Bernie Sanders : He won election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1990, representing Vermont's at-large congressional district; he later co-founded the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
Bernie Sanders : He was a vocal critic of Federal Reserve Chair Alan Greenspan; in June 2003, during a question-and-answer discussion with the then-Chairman, Sanders told him he was concerned that Greenspan was "way out of touch" and "that you see your major function in your position as the need to represent the wealthy and large corporations".
Bernie Sanders : Sanders became the ranking minority member on the Senate Budget Committee in January 2015; he had previously chaired the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee for two years.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders began his electoral political career in 1971 as a member of the Liberty Union Party, which originated in the anti-war movement and the People's Party.
Bernie Sanders : He appointed economics professor Stephanie Kelton, a modern monetary theory scholar, as the chief economic adviser for the committee's Democratic minority and presented a report aimed at helping "rebuild the disappearing middle class", which included proposals to raise the minimum wage, boost infrastructure spending, and increase Social Security payments.
Bernie Sanders : Under Sanders, Burlington became the first city in the country to fund community-trust housing.
Bernie Sanders : Two years later, he ran for the seat again and defeated Smith by a margin of 56% to 39%.
Bernie Sanders : In defining what democratic socialism means to him, Sanders said: "I don't believe government should take over the grocery store down the street or own the means of production, but I do believe that the middle class and the working families who produce the wealth of America deserve a decent standard of living and that their incomes should go up, not down.
Bernie Sanders : In response to the speech, hundreds of people signed online petitions urging Sanders to run in the 2012 presidential election, and pollsters began measuring his support in key primary states.
Bernie Sanders : In his announcement, Sanders said, "I don't believe that the men and women who defended American democracy fought to create a situation where billionaires own the political process," and made this a central idea throughout his campaign.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders was a consistent critic of the Patriot Act.
Bernie Sanders : While with the APHS, he produced a 30-minute documentary about American labor leader Eugene V. Debs, who ran for president five times for the Socialist Party.
Bernie Sanders : He has become a prominent supporter of laws requiring companies to give their workers parental leave, sick leave, and vacation time, noting that such laws have been adopted by nearly all other developed countries.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders's administration balanced the city budget and drew a minor league baseball team, the Vermont Reds, then the Double-A affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds, to Burlington.
Bernie Sanders : Progressive activists such as Rabbi Michael Lerner and economist David Korten publicly voiced their support for a prospective Sanders run against President Obama.
Bernie Sanders : In 1991, he co-founded the Congressional Progressive Caucus, a group of mostly liberal Democrats that Sanders chaired for its first eight years, while still refusing to join the Democratic Party or caucus.
Bernie Sanders : He was also endorsed by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Democratic National Committee chairman and former Vermont governor Howard Dean.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders, who ran as an independent, placed second with 38% of the vote, while Democratic State Representative Paul N. Poirier placed third with 19%.
Bernie Sanders : On November 2, 2005, Sanders voted against the Online Freedom of Speech Act, which would have exempted the Internet from the campaign finance restrictions of the McCain–Feingold Bill.
Bernie Sanders : In his final run for mayor in 1987, Sanders defeated Paul Lafayette, a Democrat endorsed by both major parties.
Bernie Sanders : His speech was published in February 2011 by Nation Books as "The Speech: A Historic Filibuster on Corporate Greed and the Decline of Our Middle Class", with authorial proceeds going to Vermont nonprofit charitable organizations.
Bernie Sanders : In 1988, incumbent Republican congressman Jim Jeffords decided to run for the U.S. Senate, vacating the House seat representing Vermont's at-large congressional district.
Bernie Sanders : He voted for a non-binding resolution expressing support for troops at the outset of the invasion of Iraq, but gave a floor speech criticizing the partisan nature of the vote and the George W. Bush administration's actions in the run-up to the war.
Bernie Sanders : During the 1980s, Sanders was a consistent critic of U.S. foreign policy in Latin America.
Bernie Sanders : On December 10, 2010, Sanders delivered an –hour speech against the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010, the proposed extension of the Bush-era tax rates that eventually became law, arguing that the legislation would favor the wealthiest Americans.
Bernie Sanders : Chuck Schumer, chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, endorsed Sanders, a critical move as it meant that no Democrat running against him could expect to receive financial help from the party.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders studied at Brooklyn College for a year in 1959–1960 before transferring to the University of Chicago and graduating with a bachelor of arts degree in political science in 1964.
Bernie Sanders : In June 2005, he proposed an amendment to limit Patriot Act provisions that allow the government to obtain individuals' library and book-buying records.
Bernie Sanders : When Hillary Clinton and Sanders made public appearances within days of each other in Des Moines, Iowa, he drew larger crowds, even though he had already made numerous stops around the state and Clinton's visit was her first in 2015.
Bernie Sanders : On July 1, 2015, his campaign stop in Madison, Wisconsin, drew the largest crowd of any 2016 presidential candidate to that date, with an estimated turnout of 10,000.
Bernie Sanders : On December 4, 2015, Sanders won "Time"s 2015 Person of the Year readers' poll with 10.2% of the vote but did not receive the editorial board's award.
Bernie Sanders : In 1988, Sanders married Jane O'Meara Driscoll (), who later became president of Burlington College, in Burlington, Vermont.
Bernie Sanders : Sanders focuses on economic issues such as income and wealth inequality, poverty, raising the minimum wage, universal healthcare, cancelling all student debt, making public colleges and universities tuition-free by taxing financial transactions, and expanding Social Security benefits by eliminating the cap on the payroll tax on all incomes above $250,000.
Bernie Sanders : He went on to lecture in political science at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government that year and at Hamilton College in 1991.
Bernie Sanders : Larry ran as a Green Party candidate for Oxford West and Abingdon in the 2015 British general election and came in fifth.
Bernie Sanders : In a November 2015 Morning Consult poll, he reached an approval rating of 83% among his constituents, making him the most popular senator in the country.
Bernie Sanders : During his first term his supporters, including the first Citizens Party city councilor Terry Bouricius, formed the Progressive Coalition, the forerunner of the Vermont Progressive Party.
Bernie Sanders : He ran under the slogan "Burlington is not for sale" and successfully supported a plan that redeveloped the waterfront area into a mixed-use district featuring housing, parks, and public spaces.
Bernie Sanders : In 1981, he campaigned against the unpopular plans by Burlington developer Tony Pomerleau to convert the then-industrial waterfront property owned by the Central Vermont Railway into expensive condominiums, hotels, and offices.
Bernie Sanders : 38,000), at the urging of his close friend and political confidant Richard Sugarman, a professor of religion at the University of Vermont.
Bernie Sanders : In January 1962, he went to a rally at the University of Chicago administration building to protest university president George Wells Beadle's segregated campus housing policy.
Bernie Sanders : He considers himself a feminist, is pro-choice on abortion, and opposes the de-funding of Planned Parenthood.
Bernie Sanders : He attended Brooklyn College before graduating from the University of Chicago in 1964.
Bernie Sanders : In November 2015, he gave a speech at Georgetown University about his view of democratic socialism, including its place in the policies of presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson.
Bernie Sanders : While a student, he was an active protest organizer for the Congress of Racial Equality as well as for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the civil rights movement.
Bernie Sanders : While there, he joined the Young People's Socialist League (the youth affiliate of the Socialist Party of America) and was active in the Civil Rights Movement as a student for the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) and the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC).
Peter Hyams : Baskin", to Paramount Pictures in 1971.
Peter Hyams : Hyams studied art and music at Hunter College and Syracuse University, before working as a producer/anchorman for WHDH-TV.
Peter Hyams : However, his next film, "A Sound of Thunder" (2005), a science-fiction movie which faced troubles during its production (including the bankruptcy of the original production company during post-production), performed particularly badly at the box office worldwide and was poorly received by critics.
Peter Hyams : Hyams moved to Los Angeles in 1970 where he sold his first screenplay, "T.R.
Peter Hyams : Peter Hyams (born July 26, 1943) is an American film director, screenwriter and cinematographer known for directing "Capricorn One", the 1981 science fiction-thriller "Outland", the 1984 science fiction film, "" (a sequel to Stanley Kubrick's ""), the 1986 action/comedy "Running Scared", the comic book adaptation "Timecop", the action film "Sudden Death" (both starring Jean-Claude Van Damme), and the horror films "The Relic" and "End of Days".
Peter Hyams : Hyams was born in New York City, New York, the son of Ruth Hurok and Barry Hyams, who was a theatrical producer and publicist on Broadway.
Paweł Pawlikowski : A year later he moved to Germany, before finally settling in Britain in 1977.
Paweł Pawlikowski : At the end of 2017, he married Polish model and actress Małgosia Bela.
Paweł Pawlikowski : His most recent film, "Cold War" earned him the Best Director Award at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival.
Paweł Pawlikowski : Pawlikowski's wife developed a serious illness in 2006 and died several months later.
Paweł Pawlikowski : He studied literature and philosophy at Oxford University.
Paweł Pawlikowski : Pawlikowski was a Creative Arts Fellow at Oxford Brookes University from 2004 to 2007.
Paweł Pawlikowski : In 2006, he filmed about 60% of his adaptation of Magnus Mills' "The Restraint of Beasts" when the project was halted—his wife had fallen gravely ill and he left to care for her and their children.
Paweł Pawlikowski : At the age of 14, he left communist Poland with his mother for London.
Paweł Pawlikowski : In 2011, he wrote and directed a film loosely adapted from Douglas Kennedy's novel "The Woman in the Fifth", starring Ethan Hawke and Kristin Scott Thomas.
Paweł Pawlikowski : Paweł Aleksander Pawlikowski (; born 15 September 1957) is a Polish filmmaker, who has lived and worked most of his life in the United Kingdom.
Paweł Pawlikowski : Pawlikowski was made Honorary Associate of London Film School.
Paweł Pawlikowski : His film "Ida" won the 2015 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu : His highly aggressive style of play has earned him a reputation of a modern-day Mikhail Tal.
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu : His peak FIDE rating was 2707 in October 2005, when he was ranked fifteenth in the world, and the highest ranked Romanian player ever.
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu : Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu (born 1 August 1976) is a Romanian (until 2014) and German (since 2014) chess grandmaster.
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu : In April 2006, Nisipeanu played FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a four-game match.
Liviu-Dieter Nisipeanu : Topalov won by a score of 3:1.
Glenn D'Hollander : Glenn D'Hollander (born 28 December 1974) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer.
Jiří Rohan : Jiří Rohan () (born 13 December 1964 in Prague) is a Czechoslovak-Czech slalom canoeist who competed in the 1980s and 1990s.
Jiří Rohan : Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals in the C2 event, earning them in 1992 and 1996.
Ben Vautier : Il faut dormir".
Ben Vautier : In 1960, he had his first one-man show, "Rien et tout" in "Laboratoire 32".
Ben Vautier : Ben Vautier (born on July 18, 1935 in Naples, Italy), also known simply as Ben, is a French artist.
Ben Vautier : He discovered Yves Klein and the Nouveau Réalisme in the 1950s, but he became quickly interested in the French dada artist Marcel Duchamp, the music of John Cage and joined the Fluxus artistic movement in Octobre 1962.
Michael Richards : 1975).
Michael Richards : I'm not a racist, that's what's so insane about this."
Michael Richards : They have been together since 2002 and have one son.
Michael Richards : They have one daughter, Sophia (b.
Michael Richards : He apologized on camera just because the tape got out."
Michael Richards : The show was canceled after airing one season.
Michael Richards : He was drafted into the United States Army in 1970.
Michael Richards : After a few weeks of poor ratings and negative reviews, it was cancelled.
Michael Richards : His father died in a car crash when Michael was two and his mother never remarried.
Michael Richards : After being honorably discharged he used the benefits of the G.I.
Michael Richards : He trained as a medic and was stationed in West Germany.
Michael Richards : Richards graduated from Thousand Oaks High School.
Michael Richards : several times and making references to lynching and the Jim Crow era.
Michael Richards : He took home the award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 1993, 1994 and 1997.
Michael Richards : Richards and Lyons separated in 1992 and divorced a year later.
Michael Richards : He also appeared as a guest on Jackson's syndicated radio show.
Michael Richards : Subsequently, due to significant media coverage of the event he announced his retirement from stand-up early in 2007.
Michael Richards : Seinfeld has said the storyline of the trailer will be expanded upon in one of the episodes.
Michael Richards : Richards said he had been trying to defuse heckling by being even more outrageous, but it had backfired.
Michael Richards : He later called civil rights leaders Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson to apologize.
Michael Richards : The series ended its nine-year run in 1998 at #1 in the Nielsen ratings.
Michael Richards : Although it got off to a slow start, by the mid-1990s, the show had become one of the most popular sitcoms in television history.
Michael Richards : In 2010, Richards married his girlfriend Beth Skipp.
Michael Richards : He went on to become a series regular on ABC's "Fridays".
Michael Richards : Richards was born in Culver City, California to a Catholic family.
Michael Richards : Hoberman said ABC wanted Richards to play Adrian Monk, but he turned it down.
Michael Richards : Richards was married to Cathleen Lyons, a family therapist, for 18 years.
Michael Richards : He also had a short-lived improv act with Ed Begley Jr. During this period, he enrolled at Los Angeles Valley College and continued to appear in student productions.
Michael Richards : He is the son of Phyllis (née Nardozzi), a medical records librarian of Italian descent and William Richards, an electrical engineer of Scottish and English descent.
Michael Richards : During the run of "Seinfeld", he made a guest appearance in "Mad About You".
Michael Richards : The incident was later parodied on several TV shows, including "MadTV", "Family Guy", "South Park", and "Extras".
Michael Richards : Richards won more Emmys than any other cast member on "Seinfeld".
Michael Richards : His film credits include "So I Married an Axe Murderer", "Airheads", "Young Doctors in Love", "Problem Child", "Coneheads", "UHF", and "Trial and Error", one of his few starring roles.
Michael Richards : Bill to enroll in the California Institute of the Arts, and received a BA degree in drama from The Evergreen State College in 1975.
Michael Richards : However, both Doss and Sharpton have refused to accept Richards's apology, with the former saying "...if he wanted to apologize, he could have contacted somebody to one of us from the group... but he didn't.
Michael Richards : In the setting of "Seinfeld", Kramer is usually referred to by his last name only and is the neighbor of the show's eponymous character.
Michael Richards : He also made guest appearances on "Miami Vice", "Night Court" and "Cheers".
Michael Richards : Kramer's first name, Cosmo, was revealed in the sixth-season episode "The Switch".
Michael Richards : Richards also played a cameo role in the comedy thriller film "So I Married an Axe Murderer", credited as "insensitive man".
Michael Richards : He made numerous guest appearances on a variety of television shows, such as "Cheers".
Michael Richards : In an episode of "Curb Your Enthusiasm", Richards appeared as himself and poked fun at the incident.
Michael Richards : When "Seinfeld" ended in 1998, Richards returned to stand-up comedy.
Michael Richards : He incited media furor while performing at the Laugh Factory comedy club in late 2006 after a cell phone video was published of him launching into an expletive-laced racist tirade after earlier interruptions from a group of late-arriving audience members.
Michael Richards : In 2014, Richards appeared as the president of Crackle in a trailer for Season5.
Michael Richards : Richards played himself in Episode2 of Season1 "The Flirt Episode" (1992) of the HBO series, "The Larry Sanders Show".
Michael Richards : After "Seinfeld", Richards starred in his own sitcom, "The Michael Richards Show", which lasted less than one full season.
Michael Richards : During a performance on November 17, 2006 at the Laugh Factory in Hollywood, California, Richards launched into a racist rant in response to reported heckling and interruptions from a small group of black audience members.
Michael Richards : In 1980, he began as one of the cast members on ABC's "Fridays" television show, where Larry David was a writer.
Michael Richards : Starting in 2004, he and his fellow "Seinfeld" cast members provided interviews and audio commentaries for the "Seinfeld" DVDs, but Richards stopped providing audio commentary after Season5 though he continued to provide interviews.
Michael Richards : In 2009, Richards and the other main "Seinfeld" cast members appeared in the seventh season of "Curb Your Enthusiasm".
Michael Richards : He appeared as himself in the seventh season of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" in 2009, acting alongside his fellow cast members for the first time since "Seinfeld"s finale, as well as lampooning his incident at the Laugh Factory.
Michael Richards : According to an interview with executive producer David Hoberman, ABC first conceived the series "Monk" as a procedural police comedy with an Inspector Clouseau-like character suffering from obsessive–compulsive disorder.
Michael Richards : In 2000, after the end of "Seinfeld", Richards began work on a new series for NBC, his first major project since "Seinfeld"s finale.
Michael Richards : In 2013, Richards returned to television when he played the role of Frank in the sitcom "Kirstie".
Michael Richards : In a 2012 episode of Seinfeld's web series "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee", Richards admitted that the outburst still haunted him, and was a major reason for his withdrawal from performing stand-up.
Michael Richards : On television, Richards also appeared in "Miami Vice" (as an unscrupulous bookie), "Cheers" (as a character trying to collect on an old bet with Sam Malone), and made several guest appearances with Jay Leno as an accident-prone fitness expert.
Michael Richards : Richards played the role of Frank in the sitcom "Kirstie", costarring Kirstie Alley and Rhea Perlman, premiering on TV Land on December 4, 2013.
Michael Richards : Richards made a public apology when he spoke via satellite on the "Late Show with David Letterman", when Jerry Seinfeld was the guest, saying, "For me to be at a comedy club and to flip out and say this crap, I'm deeply, deeply sorry.
Michael Richards : This included a famous instance in which guest Andy Kaufman refused to deliver his scripted lines, leading Richards to bring the cue cards on screen to Kaufman, causing him to throw his drink into Richards's face before a small riot ensued (Richards later claimed he was in on the joke).
Michael Richards : The audience initially laughed at Richards using the terms "Afromerican" and "Afro Americans" and during pauses in his explanation and apology; at one point Seinfeld rebuked the audience, "Stop laughing, it's not funny."
Michael Richards : Michael Anthony Richards (born July 24, 1949) is an American actor, writer, television producer and retired comedian.
Michael Richards : The film "Man on the Moon" featured a re-enactment of the Andy Kaufman incident in which Richards was portrayed by actor Norm Macdonald (although he is never referred to by name so he could be seen as a composite character taking the place of Richards).
Michael Richards : Richards got his big TV break in 1979, appearing in Billy Crystal's first cable TV special.
Michael Richards : He began his career as a stand-up comedian, first entering the national spotlight when he was featured on Billy Crystal's first cable TV special.
Michael Richards : Richards played radio station employee Doug Beech in "Airheads" and co-starred with Jeff Daniels as an actor pretending to be a lawyer in 1997's "Trial and Error".
Michael Richards : In 1989, Richards had a supporting role in "Weird Al" Yankovic's comedy film "UHF" as janitor Stanley Spadowski.
Michael Richards : In 2012, Richards appeared in comedy web series "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee", hosted by Jerry Seinfeld.
Michael Richards : In 2007, Richards voiced character Bud Ditchwater in the animated film "Bee Movie", which starred, and was produced by, Jerry Seinfeld.
DeMar DeRozan : DeRozan also suffers from depression, and is an advocate for others suffering with it.
DeMar DeRozan : DeRozan's mother was diagnosed with lupus when he was a child.
DeMar DeRozan : Since joining the NBA, DeRozan has helped raise awareness and educate Canadians on the disease in part by partnering with Lupus Canada.
DeMar DeRozan : DeRozan is the son of Frank and Diane DeRozan.
DeMar DeRozan : On July 18, 2018, DeRozan was traded, along with Jakob Poeltl and a protected 2019 first round draft pick, to the San Antonio Spurs in exchange for Kawhi Leonard and Danny Green.
DeMar DeRozan : On June 25, 2009, he was selected ninth overall by the Toronto Raptors in the 2009 draft.
DeMar DeRozan : DeRozan was a member of the United States national team that won the gold medal in the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
DeMar DeRozan : On April 8, 2009, DeRozan announced his decision to enter the 2009 NBA draft and forgo his final three years of eligibility at USC.
DeMar DeRozan : On January 3, he recorded his first career triple-double with 21 points, 14 rebounds and 11 assists in a 125–107 win over his former team, the Toronto Raptors.
Toni Kroos : He was also named German Player of the Year.
Toni Kroos : He has made progress in the last few matches, I'm extremely satisfied with the player."
Toni Kroos : He ended the season with 37 appearances in all competitions.
Toni Kroos : When asked about his first team chances with Bayern, runner-up in the previous season's Champions League, Kroos stated, "I want to play as often as possible!"
Toni Kroos : Kroos became the ninth German player, after Günter Netzer, Paul Breitner, Uli Stielike, Bernd Schuster, Bodo Illgner, Christoph Metzelder, Mesut Özil, and Sami Khedira, to join Real Madrid.
Toni Kroos : Born in the small German city of Greifswald, Kroos began his senior club career playing for Bayern Munich, where he made his debut at age 17 in 2007.
Toni Kroos : He also scored three goals in 12 appearances for Bayern Munich II in the Regionalliga Süd.
Toni Kroos : He ended the season with nine goals and 12 assists from 33 matches.
Toni Kroos : Kroos was an important member of Bayern's treble-winning team during the 2012–13 season.
Toni Kroos : As the most advanced member of a midfield containing Schweinsteiger and Javi Martínez, Kroos scored three goals in the team's opening four Bundesliga matches.
Toni Kroos : He made his first start for the club in a 3–1 defeat away at VfB Stuttgart.
Toni Kroos : Toni Kroos (; born 4 January 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the German national team.
Toni Kroos : In the summer of 2010, on the expiration of his loan at Bayer Leverkusen, Kroos returned to Bayern Munich.
Toni Kroos : Kroos ended his first season with 20 appearances for Bayern, including six starts.
Toni Kroos : Between matchdays 16 and 20, Kroos registered five goals and four assists in five Bundesliga matches, earning him back-to-back "player of the month" awards from "kicker" for December 2009 and January 2010.
Toni Kroos : For the 2007–08 season, at the age of 17, Kroos was promoted to Bayern's senior team.
Toni Kroos : On 25 March, he scored in a 3–1 win over Hertha BSC as Bayern were confirmed as Bundesliga champions.
Toni Kroos : Despite being selected to start in Bayern's opening 2008–09 Bundesliga match against Hamburger SV, Kroos appeared less frequently for "die Roten" during the first half of the 2008–09 season.
Toni Kroos : On 5 November 2008, however, he made his UEFA Champions League debut as a 79th-minute substitute against Fiorentina in matchday four of the group stage.
Toni Kroos : He also scored his first Champions League goal in Bayern's opening group match against Valencia.
Toni Kroos : During the 2010–11 season, Kroos was a regular starter for Bayern in the Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and Champions League.
Toni Kroos : On 16 August 2010, he started against Germania Windeck in the first round of the DFB-Pokal, scoring the third goal in a 4–0 victory.
Toni Kroos : During the 2008–09 season, Kroos made 13 appearances for Leverkusen in all competitions, scoring once.
Toni Kroos : After sustaining an injury in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final against Juventus, Kroos was unavailable for the remainder of the season, missing Bayern's successes in the 2013 UEFA Champions League Final, the 2013 DFB-Pokal Final and the last seven matches of the Bundesliga season.
Toni Kroos : He made an astounding start to his Bundesliga career, making his debut for Bayern on 26 September 2007 in a 5–0 defeat of Energie Cottbus and twice assisting Miroslav Klose goals within 18 minutes of his appearance as a substitute.
Toni Kroos : He played 51 matches in all competitions during the season, including the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final, where Bayern were beaten on penalties by Chelsea at the Allianz Arena.
Toni Kroos : During 2011–12, under Jupp Heynckes, his former coach at Leverkusen, Kroos established himself as a first choice player from Bayern, forming a strong midfield partnership with national team colleague Bastian Schweinsteiger.
Toni Kroos : Kroos established himself as a regular in the Leverkusen team in 2009–10, appearing all but one of Bayer's Bundesliga matches.
Toni Kroos : On 31 January 2009, Bayern allowed Kroos to join Bayer Leverkusen on an 18-month loan to gain first team experience.
Toni Kroos : On 25 October, Kroos earned Bayern a valuable victory away to Red Star Belgrade on his UEFA Cup debut, coming on as a substitute in the 81st minute and providing an assist for Miroslav Klose and then scoring the winning goal, his first for the club, in stoppage time.
Toni Kroos : On 30 May, Kroos appeared as a late substitute in the 2009 DFB-Pokal Final against Werder Bremen, where Leverkusen were beaten 1–0 by a Mesut Özil goal.
Toni Kroos : He made his debut on 28 February as a substitute in a 1–0 defeat against Hannover 96.
Toni Kroos : On 19 February 2014, Kroos scored his second goal of the season in a 2–0 Champions League win against Arsenal.
Toni Kroos : On 18 April 2009, he scored his first Bundesliga goal in a 2–1 loss to VfL Wolfsburg.
Richard Morales : Ríchard Javier Morales Aguirre (born 21 February 1975) is a Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a centre forward.
Richard Morales : Having first appeared for Uruguay at 26, during the 2001 Copa América – where he scored in the 1–2 semi-final loss to Mexico– Morales came to international prominence on 15 November 2001, when his two late goals against Australia in the qualification playoffs ensured his country a place at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Errol Daniels : His strengths were his explosive speed and his ferocious shot.
Errol Daniels : His career suddenly faded due to an injury on April 14, 1971.
Errol Daniels : The season was just starting and on the second game he crashed against the goalkeeper from Barrio México, Freddy Jiménez Luna, fracturing his right leg.
Errol Daniels : He started playing as a left forward because the center forward position was being filled by another historic player, Juan Ulloa.
Errol Daniels : He returned on June 25, 1972 against AD San Carlos, and scored his last goal on September 17 of the same year against Municipal Puntarenas.
Errol Daniels : Daniels shares the record for most goals scored in the Costa Rican Primera, notching 41 goals for LD Alajuelense during the 1967 season.
Errol Daniels : Errol Daniels Hibbert (born May 17, 1944 in Guácimo) is a former Costa Rican football player, who used to play as a striker for Alajuelense.
Errol Daniels : He also won the national tournament with his team in 1966, 1970 and 1971.
Errol Daniels : Daniels made his debut in the Costa Rican Primera División with only 21 year-old on June 14, 1964 against Cartaginés, scoring 2 goals.
Errol Daniels : He scored 24 goals in 1964, 32 in 1965, 30 in 1966, 41 in 1967, 23 in 1968, 16 in 1969, 25 in 1970 and one goal in 1971 and 1972.
Errol Daniels : He was always distinguished for being an ally with the goal and was top scorer of his local league in 6 seasons (1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970).
Paco León : on Telecinco.
Paco León : He also played the role of Maria in the comedy "Moncloa, ¿Dígame?"
Paco León : Francisco León Barrios (was born 4 October 1974), known as Paco León is a Spanish actor, producer, philanthropist and director.
Raoul Bova : He enrolled in the ISEF, the Italian Institute of Physical Education, but dropped out to pursue a career in acting.
Raoul Bova : They have three children, Alessandro Leon, Francesco and Sophia.
Raoul Bova : On 15 October 2010, Raoul Bova was nominated Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
Raoul Bova : He studied at the school of Beatrice Bracco in Rome and also studied acting with Michael Margotta.
Raoul Bova : At the age of 21 he joined the Italian Army and performed his military duty in the Bersaglieri (sharpshooters) corps.
Raoul Bova : At the age of 16 Bova became a local champion in the 100 meter backstroke.
Raoul Bova : Bova was born in Rome to a father from Roccella Ionica in Calabria and a mother from Acerra in Campania.
Raoul Bova : Raoul Bova (born 14 August 1971) is an Italian actor.
Shigefumi Mori : He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1990 at the International Congress of Mathematicians.
Shigefumi Mori : The extension of Mori’s results to dimensions higher than three is called the minimal model program and is an active area of research in algebraic geometry.
Shigefumi Mori : He found that the concept of minimal models can be applied to three-folds as well if we allow some singularities on them.
Shigefumi Mori : The classical approach used the concept of minimal models of algebraic surfaces.
Ivan Gašparovič : In late 1992, he was one of the authors of the Constitution of Slovakia.
Ivan Gašparovič : After March 1992, he was briefly the Vice-President of the Legislative Council of Czechoslovakia, before the federal Czechoslovakia split into two independent states in January 1993.
Ivan Gašparovič : His favorite sport is ice hockey.
Ivan Gašparovič : In 1964, Gašparovič married Silvia Beníková, with whom he has two children.
Ivan Gašparovič : Ivan Gašparovič (; born 27 March 1941) is a Slovak politician and lawyer who was President of Slovakia from 2004 to 2014.
Ivan Gašparovič : His father, Vladimir Gašparović, emigrated to Czechoslovakia from Rijeka in Croatia at the end of World War I and was a teacher at a secondary school in Bratislava, and at one point its Headmaster.
Ivan Gašparovič : Gašparovič studied at the Law Faculty of the Comenius University in Bratislava, which is the main university in Slovakia, from 1959 to 1964.
Pascal Feindouno : Pascal Feindouno (born 27 February 1981) is a Guinean international footballer who plays as a winger.
Carlo Cudicini : Carlo Cudicini (; born 6 September 1973) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Carlo Cudicini : Having only made a single league appearance for Lazio, he moved a year later to Castel di Sangro and then to Premier League side Chelsea in 1999, initially on loan.
Ronald Wayne : After a number of break-ins, he moved his stamp operations to Nevada.
Ronald Wayne : Wayne has stated in following decades that he does not regret selling his share of the company as he made the "best decision with the information available to me at the time".
Ronald Wayne : Jobs secured a line of credit to buy product materials for Apple's first order which had been placed by The Byte Shop, whose reputation as a notoriously slow paying vendor gave Wayne great concern for his future.
Ronald Wayne : Ronald Wayne (born May 17, 1934) is a retired American electronics industry worker.
Ronald Wayne : Wayne illustrated the first Apple logo, and wrote the Apple I manual.
Shane Meadows : Shane Meadows (born 26 December 1972) is an English director, screenwriter and actor, known for his work in independent film, most notably the cult film "This Is England" (2006) and its three sequels (2010–2015).
Shane Meadows : His second feature-length film, "Twenty Four Seven", won several awards at film festivals, including the Douglas Hickox award at the British Independent Film Awards and Best Screenplay at the Thessaloniki Film Festival.
Greg Sarris : Sarris served as co-executive producer of the 1996 HBO miniseries adapted from Grand Avenue.
Joseph Estrada : Estrada was the first president to use a special name as his official address name, combining his real family name, Ejercito, with his screen name, thus forming "Joseph Ejercito Estrada".
Joseph Estrada : Joseph Ejercito Estrada (born Jose Marcelo Ejercito; April 19, 1937) is a Filipino politician and former actor who served as the 13th President of the Philippines from 1998 to 2001, ninth Vice President of the Philippines from 1992 to 1998, and the 26th Mayor of the City of Manila, the country's capital, from 2013 to 2019.
Jan Smeets : In 2010 Smeets won the Dutch Championship for the second time.
Jan Smeets : Jan Smeets (born 5 April 1985) is a Dutch chess grandmaster.
Ed O'Brien : His first solo album is due in 2020, released under the name EOB.
Ed O'Brien : The couple have a son, Salvador, born in January 2004, and a daughter, Oona, born in 2006.
Ed O'Brien : In 2010, "Rolling Stone" named O'Brien the 59th greatest guitarist of all time.
Ed O'Brien : Edward John O'Brien (born 15 April 1968) is an English guitarist and member of the alternative rock band Radiohead.
Ed O'Brien : O'Brien contributed to the soundtrack for the BBC drama series "Eureka Street" before recording "Kid A".
Cristhian Stuani : Cristhian Ricardo Stuani Curbelo (; born 12 October 1986) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Girona and the Uruguay national team.
Urbano Ortega : Urbano Ortega Cuadros (born 22 December 1961), known simply as Urbano, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Urbano Ortega : Urbano began coaching in 2003, assisting former "Barça" teammate Esteban Vigo at numerous clubs, including Romania's FC Dinamo Bucureşti.
Urbano Ortega : His first head coach experience arrived in 2007–08 in Segunda División B, with CD Baza: he resigned in June 2008, as the team dropped down a level.
Pape Sow : Sow played his NBA rookie season for the Raptors and showed considerable promise with his athleticism and aggressiveness in the paint although only netting 2.3 points, 2.1 rebounds and 0.1 assists per game.
Pape Sow : In a 108-101 win against the Austin Toros on December 23, Sow scored an outstanding double-double of 27 points and a D-League season-high 24 rebounds.
Pape Sow : In January 2010, Sow signed a contract with Meridiano Alicante in Spain, but the contract was terminated by mutual consent in December 2010.
Pape Sow : Pape Sow (pronounced Pop So) (born November 22, 1981) is a Senegalese former professional basketball player who has played for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA and for several European and Asian teams.
Pape Sow : The draft rights to Sow were acquired by the Toronto Raptors (along with a 2005 second round pick from the Heat) for the draft rights to center Albert Miralles, the 39th overall pick.
Hans-Emil Schuster : He discovered periodic comet 106P/Schuster.
Hans-Emil Schuster : The asteroid 2018 Schuster was named in his honour.
Hans-Emil Schuster : He worked at Hamburg Observatory at Bergedorf and European Southern Observatory (ESO), and was former acting director of La Silla Observatory.
Hans-Emil Schuster : In 1980, he discovered a type-II supernova in the galaxy NGC 1255.
Hans-Emil Schuster : On 21 October 2011 he was awarded the rank of Commander of the Order of Bernardo O'Higgins in recognition of his important contribution to astronomy in Chile.
Hans-Emil Schuster : Hans-Emil Schuster (born September 19, 1934 in Hamburg) is a German astronomer and a discoverer of minor planets and comets, who retired in October 1991.
Hans-Emil Schuster : Since 1982, he was married to Rosemarie Schuster née von Holt (March 28, 1935 – September 18, 2006)
Hans-Emil Schuster : He also discovered the comet C/1976 D2 (in the contemporary nomenclature, it was known as Comet 1975 II or 1976c), which was notable for its large perihelion distance of 6.88 AU , the largest yet observed at the time.
Hans-Emil Schuster : He co-discovered the Phoenix Dwarf galaxy (with Richard M. West), and in 1976 also discovered the Eridanus Globular Cluster, one of the most distant globular clusters in the galactic halo.
Miki Nadal : He joined the team of "El Informal" in 1999, in the second season of the program.
Miki Nadal : In 2006, Miki joined La Sexta, where he began with a segment in the special programs that the broadcast dedicated to the Fifa World Cup 2006.
Miki Nadal : In the beginning he dubbed sequences with Florentino Fernández, but little by little he became a leading protagonist on the program which lasted until April 2002.
Miki Nadal : He started his television career in "La sonrisa del pelícano" (literally "The smile of the pelican") in 1997.
Miki Nadal : He has appeared as a guest in series such as "Casi perfectos" and "7 vidas" with Florentino Fernández.
Miki Nadal : In 2010, he joined "Sé lo que hicisteis..." on La Sexta, presenting Internet videos and comedy sketches.
Miki Nadal : He has worked in others programs such as "El show de Flo" and "El club de la comedia".
Miki Nadal : Miguel "Miki" Nadal Furriel (born 29 September 1967 in Zaragoza, Spain), is a Spanish comedian and actor known for his work on television and in the theatre.
Edgaras Jankauskas : However, in January 2000, he became the most expensive Lithuanian player of all time when Real Sociedad paid €2.4 million for his services.
Edgaras Jankauskas : A powerful striker who excelled in the physical side of the game, he was also relatively skilled.
Edgaras Jankauskas : In June, however, it was revealed that he would be heading to the United States for a trial with Major League Soccer club New England Revolution.
Edgaras Jankauskas : Edgaras Jankauskas (born 12 March 1975) is a Lithuanian former professional footballer, and is a manager.
Edgaras Jankauskas : He scored his first international goal on 5 October 1996, in a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Iceland (2–0), and went on to net a further nine in 56 appearances, in eighteen years of play (he did not appear for the national team, however, from 1992 to 1995).
Edgaras Jankauskas : He moved to FC Fakel Voronezh in the Russian second level shortly after, retiring after only a couple of months.
Alberto de la Bella : for two seasons.
Alberto de la Bella : On 5 July 2016, he was loaned to Olympiacos F.C.
Alberto de la Bella : Alberto de la Bella Madueño (born 2 December 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Las Palmas as a left back.
Alberto de la Bella : On 27 August of the following year, after nine years at the Anoeta, he joined second level club UD Las Palmas on a two-year deal with an option for a third.
Joseba Beloki : Beloki suffered a hard fall that broke his right femur in two places, his elbow and his wrist.
Joseba Beloki : He started his home race, the Tour of the Basque Country, but failed to even complete the first stage before retiring in pain from his injuries.
Joseba Beloki : He was reported as being fully recovered from his injuries by early 2004, but it later transpired that those injuries were taking longer to heal than initially anticipated.
Joseba Beloki : Armstrong was following immediately behind Beloki and, to avoid the fallen rider, headed off the road to go down the hill through the underbrush and across a small field.
Joseba Beloki : He lost control of his bicycle after he locked his rear brake and the rear tire came off the wheel on a patch of tarmac that was softened by the sun, sending his rear wheel skidding first in one direction and then the other.
Joseba Beloki : Citing incompatibility with the French team, he switched to the Spanish Saunier Duval-Prodir team for the remainder of the 2004 season.
Joseba Beloki : Joseba Beloki Dorronsoro (born 12 August 1973) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer.
Joseba Beloki : On 14 July 2003, during the 9th stage of the 2003 Tour de France, Beloki was in second place overall (just 40 seconds behind Armstrong) and negotiating a turn at speed while descending from Cote de La Rochette, shortly after passing the Col de Manse, just 4 km from the stage finish at Gap.
Juan Luis Mora : Mora appeared for the Spanish under-21s in the 1996 UEFA European Championship, and played Olympic football in the same year.
Juan Luis Mora : Juan Luis Mora Palacios (born 12 July 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Juan Luis Mora : He subsequently joined Valencia CF, where he was the third goalkeeper behind Santiago Cañizares and Ludovic Butelle first and Cañizares and Timo Hildebrand afterwards (Cañizares was axed from the squad in December 2007, but reinstated in April following Ronald Koeman's firing), appearing in only three La Liga games in three years; he left the Mestalla Stadium after his contract expired, at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Ángel Di María : Later, in August 2008, the Portuguese club paid an extra €2 million for the remaining 20%, but re-sold 10% to GestiFute.
Ángel Di María : This new role came in the midst of a bad run of form for Di María, who was said to have struggled since October.
Ángel Di María : He also provided an assist for Juan Mata's goal in the same match, winning the vote for Man of the Match.
Ángel Di María : Paris Saint-Germain
Ángel Di María : On 7 July 2010, Di María arrived to Madrid directly from Buenos Aires, and passed the medical test on 8 July.
Ángel Di María : Di María signed a new deal with Benfica in October 2009, adding three more years to his current deal, which was to last until 30 June 2015 with his release fee set at a minimum of €40 million.
Ángel Di María : As an infant, he was unusually active, and on recommendation of a doctor was signed up for football at age three.
Ángel Di María : Ángel Fabián Di María (; born 14 February 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for French Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team.
Ángel Di María : On 20 April, he was sent off in the 31st minute of extra time in the Copa del Rey final against rivals Barcelona.
Ángel Di María : On 28 May 2015, Di María was named in Argentina's squad for the 2015 Copa América.
Ángel Di María : His league debut came on 29 August in a 0–0 draw against Mallorca.
Ángel Di María : In the next match, against Leicester City on 21 September, he again scored a goal and provided another assist, although United lost the match 5–3.
Ángel Di María : In 2007, Di María was picked to play for the Argentina under-20 squad.
Ángel Di María : He inherited the number 7 shirt at United, which was previously worn by club legends such as George Best, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona, David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Ángel Di María : Real Madrid won the match 1–0, the lone goal of the match (in the 13th minute of extra time) being a header from Cristiano Ronaldo, which came from his cross, thus obtaining his first honour with Real Madrid.
Ángel Di María : He scored the goal that won the country gold at the 2008 Olympics, and has also represented them at three FIFA World Cups and four Copa América tournaments, reaching the final of the 2014 World Cup, the 2015 Copa América, and the Copa América Centenario.
Ángel Di María : A week later, he was used as a forward by manager Louis van Gaal in a 0–1 home defeat to Southampton.
Ángel Di María : Di María was sent off on 9 March as United lost 1–2 at home against Arsenal in the FA Cup sixth round, being booked for diving and for grabbing the shirt of referee Michael Oliver, but earlier set up the equaliser by Wayne Rooney.
Ángel Di María : On 27 February 2010, Di María scored his first hat-trick in a classic 4–0 win against Leixões.
Ángel Di María : On 26 August 2014, Di María signed a five-year deal with Manchester United for a transfer fee of £59.7 million, one of the most expensive transfers of all time and the highest fee ever paid by a British club at the time.
Ángel Di María : Di María continued his run of fine form on 5 October by scoring a goal and providing an assist for Radamel Falcao to help United defeat Everton 2–1.
Ángel Di María : On 2 October, Di María won Manchester United's Player of the Month award for September after recording two goals and two assists in his first four matches for the club.
Ángel Di María : Di María was substituted with a hamstring injury 13 minutes into United's 3–0 defeat of Hull City on 29 November and subsequently made only one substitute appearance in the team's next seven matches.
Ángel Di María : He scored his first goal for United on 14 September, netting directly from a free-kick in a 4–0 win over Queens Park Rangers.
Ángel Di María : On 19 May 2010, Di María was selected by Argentinian manager Diego Maradona as one of a 23-man squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa.
Ángel Di María : On 4 January 2015, Di María returned from injury to score a late goal in a 0–2 win against Yeovil Town in the third round of the FA Cup.
Ángel Di María : In the second leg of the Champions League round of 16 against Lyon, he scored the third and final goal in a 3–0 win to send Real Madrid through to the quarter-finals for the first time in seven years.
Ángel Di María : On 22 August, Di María scored his first goal in another friendly away against Hércules, which Real Madrid won 1–3.
Simone Bolelli : Simone Bolelli (; born 8 October 1985) is an Italian professional tennis player.
Simone Bolelli : Simone Bolelli played in a few tournaments higher than a Challenger, receiving a wildcard into the Rome Masters.
Simone Bolelli : He won the Italy F15 and F8 titles, and lost in the final of a Challenger event in Braşov.
Justin Hawkins : ".
Justin Hawkins : Their debut album, "Permission to Land", went straight to number two in the UK charts upon its release on 7 July 2003, before going to number one and staying there for four weeks, eventually going on to sell 1.5 million copies in the UK.
Justin Hawkins : In October 2006, Hawkins left the Darkness.
Justin Hawkins : Justin David Hawkins (born 17 March 1975) is an English musician, singer and songwriter, best known for being the lead singer and lead guitarist of the Darkness.
John Howard : Foreign honours
John Howard : They also ran two Dulwich Hill petrol stations where Howard worked as a boy.
John Howard : His father and his paternal grandfather, Walter Howard, were both veterans of the First AIF in World War I.
John Howard : John Winston Howard, (born 26 July 1939) is an Australian former politician who served as the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 1996 to 2007.
John Howard : Howard married fellow Liberal Party member Janette Parker in 1971, with whom he had three children: Melanie (1974), Tim (1977) and Richard (1980).
John Howard : On 21 December 2004, Howard overtook Bob Hawke to become the second longest-serving Australian prime minister after Sir Robert Menzies.
John Howard : After gaining his Leaving Certificate, he studied law at the University of Sydney, graduating with a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1961.
José Basualdo : Basualdo played 31 games for the Argentina national team between 1989 and 1995 and played for the Argentina national football team in the 1990 and 1994 World Cups.
José Basualdo : José Horacio Basualdo (born 20 June 1963 in Campana, Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentinian football midfielder and current football coach.
Gregory Hoblit : Hoblit has directed and produced the pilot and series of such acclaimed television series such as "NYPD Blue", "L.A. Law" and "Hill Street Blues".
Tony Oursler : Oursler created the background videos that played at David Bowie's 50th birthday party concert in 1997.
Tony Oursler : Oursler made the video to accompany Bowie's January 2013 single "Where Are We Now?
Tony Oursler : He completed a Bachelor of Fine Arts at the California Institute for the Arts, Valencia, California in 1979.
Tony Oursler : This work utilizes handmade soft cloth figures combined with expressive faces animated by video projection.
Tony Oursler : His art covers a range of mediums working with video, sculpture, installation, performance and painting.
Kim Ki-duk : Kim Ki-duk was born on December 20, 1960 in Bonghwa, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.
Kim Ki-duk : His most widely known feature is "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring" (2003), included in film critic Roger Ebert's Great Movies.
Kim Ki-duk : Kim Ki-duk ( ; born December 20, 1960) is a South Korean filmmaker noted for his idiosyncratic art-house cinematic works.
Claus Offe : He has been married to Ulrike Poppe since 2001.
Claus Offe : Claus Offe (born 16 March 1940 in Berlin) is a political sociologist of Marxist orientation.
Claus Offe : He received his PhD from the University of Frankfurt and his Habilitation at the University of Konstanz.
Claus Offe : Once a student of Jürgen Habermas, the left-leaning German academic is counted among the second generation Frankfurt School.
Claus Offe : He has worked as fellow and visiting professor at the Institutes for Advanced Study in Stanford, Princeton, and the Australian National University as well as Harvard University, the University of California at Berkeley and The New School University, New York.
Fernando Trueba : Between 1974 and 1979, he worked as a film critic for Spain's leading daily newspaper "El País".
Fernando Trueba : Fernando Rodríguez Trueba, known as Fernando Trueba, (born 18 January 1955) is a book editor, screenwriter, film director and producer.
Brandon Sanderson : Tor Books made the announcement on December 7, 2007.
Brandon Sanderson : While in the middle of a graduate program at BYU, Tor Books editor Moshe Feder contacted him to say that he wanted to acquire one of his books.
Brandon Sanderson : He created Sanderson's Laws of Magic and popularized the terms hard magic and soft magic systems.
Brandon Sanderson : After graduating from high school in 1994, he matriculated at Brigham Young University (BYU) as a biochemistry major.
Brandon Sanderson : The first of his "laws of magic" were first published in 2007, with the second and third published in 2012 and 2013 (respectively).
Brandon Sanderson : In 2010, Sanderson published "The Way of Kings," the first of a planned ten-book series called "The Stormlight Archive".
Brandon Sanderson : Brandon Sanderson (born December 19, 1975) is an American fantasy and science fiction writer.
Brandon Sanderson : McDougal asked him to finish the series after being deeply impressed by his first "Mistborn" novel.
Brandon Sanderson : In 2016, the American media company DMG Entertainment licensed the movie rights to Sanderson's entire Cosmere universe.
Brandon Sanderson : After Robert Jordan's death in September 2007, Sanderson was selected by Jordan's widow and editor, Harriet McDougal, to complete the final books in Jordan's epic fantasy series "The Wheel of Time".
Brandon Sanderson : In 2008 Sanderson started a podcast with author Dan Wells and cartoonist Howard Tayler called "Writing Excuses", involving topics about creating genre writing and webcomics.
Ricardo Sá Pinto : After some solid performances he attracted the attention of La Liga's Real Sociedad, scoring in his first official game for his new club, a 3–3 home draw against Real Oviedo on 30 August 1998.
Ricardo Sá Pinto : Ricardo Manuel Andrade e Silva Sá Pinto (born 10 October 1972) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a forward, and a manager.
Julio César Falcioni : He remained at the club until 2000.
Julio César Falcioni : He is currently the manager of Banfield.
Julio César Falcioni : On 27 May 2014 Falcioni was named manager of Chilean Club Universidad Católica
Julio César Falcioni : Julio César Falcioni (born 20 July 1956 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football manager and former goalkeeper.
Julio César Falcioni : Undefeated and with only 4 goals against in 17 games, they were crowned champions after beating Banfield 3–0 in La Bombonera, two games before the tournament's end.
Julio César Falcioni : Falcioni started his career at Vélez Sársfield in the Primera division in 1976.
Julio César Falcioni : At the end of the Torneo Inicial 2012, Boca decided not to renew his contract.
Gorik Gardeyn : Gorik Gardeyn (born 17 March 1980, in Tielt) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist.
Gianluca Vialli : With Vialli at his best, Sampdoria had the most successful era in its history.
Gianluca Vialli : Vialli transferred to Juventus for a World record £12.5 million in 1992.
Gianluca Vialli : In 2006, Vialli released "The Italian Job: A Journey to the Heart of Two Great Footballing Cultures", co-written with his close friend and reputable football journalist, Gabriele Marcotti.
Gianluca Vialli : Gianluca Vialli (; born 9 July 1964) is an Italian former football manager and player who played as a striker.
Gianluca Vialli : In 2007, he was linked with a move to the managers position at Queens Park Rangers, following the club takeover by Flavio Briatore and Bernie Ecclestone and the dismissal of John Gregory as manager, but ultimately declined any interest in the job.
Gianluca Vialli : Overall, Vialli made 59 appearances for Italy, scoring 16 goals.
Gianluca Vialli : But Vialli was sacked five games into the season after an indifferent start and having fallen out with several players, including Gianfranco Zola, Didier Deschamps and Dan Petrescu.
Ai Weiwei : Ai said "It's disgusting.
Ai Weiwei : As of 14 April 2009, the list had accumulated 5,385 names.
Ai Weiwei : He posted his first blog on 19 November.
Ai Weiwei : Police also visited the mother of Ai's two-year-old son.
Ai Weiwei : The cerebral hemorrhage is believed to be linked to the police attack.
Ai Weiwei : Ai then turned to Twitter and wrote prolifically on the platform, claiming at least eight hours online every day.
Ai Weiwei : He has been close to the red line of Chinese law.
Ai Weiwei : However, as long as Ai Weiwei continuously marches forward, he will inevitably touch the red line one day."
Ai Weiwei : Ai said he will not pay the remainder because he does not recognize the charge.
Ai Weiwei : This is an important moment for international society to reconsider and protect individual rights.
Ai Weiwei : I don't like anyone who shamelessly abuses their profession, who makes no moral judgment."
Ai Weiwei : It is pure fantasy to conclude that Ai's case will be handled specially and unfairly."
Ai Weiwei : The building which houses it was designed by Ai in 2000.
Ai Weiwei : TIME Magazine called it "the most beautiful cover we've ever done in our history."
Ai Weiwei : He invited 100 architects from 29 countries to participate in this project.
Ai Weiwei : Ai had previously deposited 1.33 million in a government-controlled account in order to appeal.
Ai Weiwei : Objectively speaking, Chinese society does not have much experience in dealing with such persons.
Ai Weiwei : It said "Ai's detention is one of the many judicial cases handled in China every day.
Ai Weiwei : A police contingent of approximately 50 officers came to his studio, threw a cordon around it and searched the premises.
Ai Weiwei : When asked why he participated in the designing of the Bird's Nest in the first place, Ai replied "I did it because I love design."
Ai Weiwei : Offers of donations poured in from Ai's fans across the world when the fine was announced.
Ai Weiwei : Ai complained that this was unfair, as he was "the only one singled out to have my studio destroyed".
Ai Weiwei : He later dropped out of school and made a living out of drawing street portraits and working odd jobs.
Ai Weiwei : To me, it's abusively using government powers to interfere in individuals' privacy.
Ai Weiwei : The resulting collection of photos were later selected and is now known as the New York Photographs.
Ai Weiwei : The company was not able to complete this procedure as its materials and stamps were confiscated by the government.
Ai Weiwei : He studied briefly at Parsons School of Design.
Ai Weiwei : On 27 September, the court upheld the 2.4 million tax evasion fine.
Ai Weiwei : Funds raised from the campaign were used as collateral, required by law for an appeal on the tax case.
Ai Weiwei : Although ignored by the Chinese media, he had voiced his anti-Olympics views.
Ai Weiwei : Until 2015, he remained under heavy surveillance and restrictions of movement, but continued to criticize through his work.
Ai Weiwei : Ai was released from house arrest the next day.
Ai Weiwei : To thank creditors and acknowledge the contributions as loans, Ai designed and issued loan receipts to all who participated in the campaign.
Ai Weiwei : The winning design, combining the silhouette of a hand with that of a bird, was chosen from more than 15,300 suggestions from over 190 countries.
Ai Weiwei : The initiative's goal was to create an internationally recognized logo to support the global human rights movement.
Ai Weiwei : As an activist, he has been openly critical of the Chinese Government's stance on democracy and human rights.
Ai Weiwei : He wrote almost exclusively in Chinese using the account @aiww.
Ai Weiwei : In November, Chinese authorities were again investigating Ai and his associates, this time under the charge of spreading pornography.
Ai Weiwei : The cover story, by Hannah Beech, is "How China Sees the World".
Ai Weiwei : Due to his interest in architecture, he founded the architecture studio FAKE Design, in 2003.
Ai Weiwei : Lu was subsequently questioned by police, and released after several hours though the exact charges remain unclear.
Ai Weiwei : Like other activists and intellectuals, Ai was prevented from leaving China in late 2010.
Ai Weiwei : He also posted his list of names of schoolchildren who died on the wall of his office at FAKE Design in Beijing.
Ai Weiwei : From 1981 to 1993, he lived in the United States.
Ai Weiwei : State media started describing Ai as a "deviant and a plagiarist" in early 2011.
Ai Weiwei : According to the Chinese Foreign Ministry, he was prohibited from leaving Beijing without permission for one year.
Ai Weiwei : In 1993, Ai returned to China after his father became ill.
Ai Weiwei : When he was living in the East Village (from 1983 to 1993), Ai carried a camera with him all the time and would take pictures of his surroundings wherever he was.
Ai Weiwei : Ai said he had no illusions as to how the case would turn out, as he believes the court will protect the government's own interests.
Ai Weiwei : Eventually an online loan campaign was initiated on 4 November 2011, and close to 9 million RMB was collected within ten days, from 30,000 contributions.
Ai Weiwei : Lawyers acting for Ai submitted an appeal against the fine in January 2012; the Chinese government subsequently agreed to conduct a review.
Ai Weiwei : The United States and European Union protested Ai's detention.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's supporters widely viewed his detention as retaliation for his vocal criticism of the government.
Ai Weiwei : In June 2012, the court heard the tax appeal case.
Ai Weiwei : He said this was to prevent the planned party marking the demolition of his newly built Shanghai studio.
Ai Weiwei : Upon Mao Zedong's death and the end of the Cultural Revolution, the family returned to Beijing in 1976.
Ai Weiwei : On 3 November 2010, Ai said the government had informed him two months earlier that the newly completed studio would be knocked down because it was illegal.
Ai Weiwei : The video was an attempt to criticize the Chinese government's attempt to silence his activism and was quickly blocked by national authorities.
Ai Weiwei : Ai designed the cover for 17 June 2013 issue of "Time" magazine.
Ai Weiwei : For four years, he "turned out a steady stream of scathing social commentary, criticism of government policy, thoughts on art and architecture, and autobiographical writings."
Ai Weiwei : On 3 April 2011, Ai was arrested at Beijing Capital International Airport just before catching a flight to Hong Kong and his studio facilities were searched.
Ai Weiwei : In July 2015, he was given a passport and permitted to travel abroad.
Ai Weiwei : Ai also mentioned that his detention by the Chinese regime was hellish (Chinese: 九死一生), and stressed that he is forbidden to say too much to reporters.
Ai Weiwei : According to "The New York Times", the Tsai Residence is divided into four modules and the details are "extraordinarily refined".
Ai Weiwei : Then, on 8 April, police returned to Ai's workshop to examine his financial affairs.
Ai Weiwei : Ai asserts that the entire matter – including the 81 days he spent in jail in 2011 – is intended to suppress his provocations.
Ai Weiwei : Ai published the collected names as well as numerous articles documenting the investigation on his blog which was shut down by Chinese authorities in May 2009.
Ai Weiwei : He also gave a hundred pictures to the NGO in order to release a Photo book and a digital album, both sold in order to fund freedom of information projects.
Ai Weiwei : According to Ai's wife, Beijing Fa Ke Cultural Development Ltd. has hired two Beijing lawyers as defense attorneys.
Ai Weiwei : Supporters said "the article should be seen as a mainland media commentary attacking Ai, rather than as an accurate account of the investigation."
Ai Weiwei : in Chinese: one possible interpretation was given by Sheridan as: "Fuck your mother, the party central committee".
Ai Weiwei : [98] In 2013, after the existence of the PRISM surveillance program was revealed, Ai said "Even though we know governments do all kinds of things I was shocked by the information about the US surveillance operation, Prism.
Ai Weiwei : Lu was accompanied by several lawyers and an accountant, but the witnesses they had requested to testify, including Ai, were prevented from attending a court hearing.
Ai Weiwei : In 2013, Ai became a Reporters Without Borders ambassador.
Ai Weiwei : Ai suggested that the authorities wanted to prevent him from attending the ceremony in December 2010 to award the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to fellow dissident Liu Xiaobo.
Ai Weiwei : Ai said that he had not been invited to the ceremony, and was attempting to travel to South Korea for a meeting when he was told that he could not leave for reasons of national security.
Ai Weiwei : The Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation and the International Council of Museums, which organised petitions, said they had collected more than 90,000 signatures calling for the release of Ai.
Ai Weiwei : In November 2010, Ai was placed under house arrest by the Chinese police.
Ai Weiwei : He is still regarded in gambling circles as a top tier professional blackjack player according to an article published on blackjackchamp.com.
Ai Weiwei : After his release, his sister gave some details about his detention condition to the press, explaining that he was subjected to a kind of psychological torture: he was detained in a tiny room with constant light, and two guards were set very close to him at all times, and watched him constantly.
Ai Weiwei : I turn down all the demands to have photographs with it," saying it is part of a "pretend smile" of bad taste.
Ai Weiwei : In 2011, Ai sat on the jury of an international initiative to find a universal Logo for Human Rights.
Ai Weiwei : On 16 May 2011, the Chinese authorities allowed Ai's wife to visit him briefly.
Ai Weiwei : A staff member recalled that Ai had mentioned receiving the offer earlier, "[but Ai] didn't say if it was a membership of the CPPCC at the municipal or national level, how he responded or whether he accepted it or not."
Ai Weiwei : The "China Daily" subsidiary, the "Global Times" editorial on 6 April 2011 attacked Ai, saying "Ai Weiwei likes to do something 'others dare not do.'
Ai Weiwei : Ai Weiwei (, ; born 28 August 1957 in Beijing) is a Chinese contemporary artist and activist.
Ai Weiwei : The same day Ai's studio released "The Fake Case" which tracks the status and history of this case including a timeline and the release of official documents.
Ai Weiwei : At the same time, Ai became fascinated by blackjack card games and frequented Atlantic City casinos.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's visual art includes sculptural installations, woodworking, video and photography.
Ai Weiwei : On 24 February, amid an online campaign for Middle East-style protests in major Chinese cities by overseas dissidents, Ai posted on his Twitter account: "I didn't care about jasmine at first, but people who are scared by jasmine sent out information about how harmful jasmine is often, which makes me realize that jasmine is what scares them the most.
Ai Weiwei : State media also reports that Ai was granted bail on account of Ai's "good attitude in confessing his crimes", willingness to pay back taxes, and his chronic illnesses.
Ai Weiwei : In February 2008, Spielberg withdrew from his role as advisor to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's family state that Ai is "neither the chief executive nor the legal representative of the design company, which is registered in his wife's name."
Ai Weiwei : In the evening of 11 January 2011, Ai's studio was demolished in a surprise move by the local government.
Ai Weiwei : In 1999, Ai moved to Caochangdi, in the northeast of Beijing, and built a studio house – his first architectural project.
Ai Weiwei : On 14 September 2009, Ai was diagnosed to be suffering internal bleeding in a hospital in Munich, Germany, and the doctor arranged for emergency brain surgery.
Ai Weiwei : They took away laptops and the hard drive from the main computer; along with Ai, police also detained eight staff members and Ai's wife, Lu Qing.
Ai Weiwei : He investigated government corruption and cover-ups, in particular the Sichuan schools corruption scandal following the collapse of "tofu-dreg schools" in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's @Large exhibit raised questions and contradictions about human rights and the freedom of expression through his artwork at the island's layered legacy as a 19th-century military fortress.
Ai Weiwei : They were subsequently exiled to Shihezi, Xinjiang in 1961, where they lived for 16 years.
Ai Weiwei : According to Ai, a number of artists were invited to build new studios in this area of Shanghai because officials wanted to create a cultural area.
Ai Weiwei : In 2005, Ai was invited to start blogging by Sina Weibo, the biggest internet platform in China.
Ai Weiwei : In 2008, Ai curated the architecture project "Ordos 100" in Ordos City, Inner Mongolia.
Ai Weiwei : As of 31 December 2013, Ai has declared that he would stop tweeting but the account remains active in forms of retweets and Instagram posts.
Ai Weiwei : In 2014–2015, Ai explored human rights and freedom of expression through an exhibition of his art exclusively created for Alcatraz, a notorious federal penitentiary in San Francisco Bay.
Ai Weiwei : In 1978, Ai enrolled in the Beijing Film Academy and studied animation.
Ai Weiwei : On 20 June, hundreds of Ai's supporters gathered outside the Chaoyang District Court in Beijing despite a small army of police officers, some of whom videotaped the crowd and led several people away.
Ai Weiwei : On 24 June 2011, Ai told a Radio Free Asia reporter that he was thankful for the support of the Hong Kong public, and praised Hong Kong's conscious society.
Ai Weiwei : Artists in Hong Kong, Germany and Taiwan demonstrated and called for Ai to be released.
Ai Weiwei : On 20 March 2009, he posted a blog titled "Citizens' Investigation" and wrote: "To remember the departed, to show concern for life, to take responsibility, and for the potential happiness of the survivors, we are initiating a "Citizens' Investigation."
Ai Weiwei : Two days later, the journal scorned Western media for questioning Ai's charge as a "catch-all crime", and denounced the use of his political activism as a "legal shield" against everyday crimes.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's wife said that she was summoned by the Beijing Chaoyang district tax bureau, where she was interrogated about his studio's tax on 12 April.
Ai Weiwei : Although he was allowed to leave Beijing, the police informed him that he was still prohibited from traveling to other countries because he is "suspected of other crimes," including pornography, bigamy and illicit exchange of foreign currency.
Ai Weiwei : International governments, human rights groups and art institutions, among others, called for Ai's release, while Chinese officials did not notify Ai's family of his whereabouts.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's wife, Lu Qing, the legal representative of the design company, attended the hearing.
Ai Weiwei : Liu Xiaoyuan, his attorney and personal friend, reported that Wei was in good physical condition and receiving treatment for his chronic diabetes and hypertension; he was not in a prison or hospital but under some form of house arrest.
Ai Weiwei : Frank Ching expressed in the "South China Morning Post" that how the Global Times could radically shift its position from one-day to the next was reminiscent of "Alice in Wonderland".
Ai Weiwei : On 20 July, Ai's tax appeal was rejected in court.
Ai Weiwei : But now Ai has been accused of erecting the structure without the necessary planning permission and a demolition notice has been ordered, even though, Ai said, officials had been extremely enthusiastic, and the entire application and planning process was "under government supervision".
Ai Weiwei : Analysts and other activists said Ai had been widely thought to be untouchable, but Nicholas Bequelin from Human Rights Watch suggested that his arrest, calculated to send the message that no one would be immune, must have had the approval of someone in the top leadership.
Ai Weiwei : Ai suffered headaches and claimed he had difficulty concentrating on his work since returning from Chengdu in August 2009, where he was beaten by the police for trying to testify for Tan Zuoren, a fellow investigator of the shoddy construction and student casualties in the earthquake.
Ai Weiwei : "South China Morning Post" reports that Ai received at least two visits from the police, the last being on 31 March – three days before his detention – apparently with offers of membership to the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Ai Weiwei : Later in August, he released a third music video for the song "Chaoyang Park", also included in the album.
Ai Weiwei : On 22 June 2011, the Chinese authorities released Ai from jail after almost three months' detention on charges of tax evasion.
Ai Weiwei : During this period, he gained exposure to the works of Marcel Duchamp, Andy Warhol, and Jasper Johns, and began creating conceptual art by altering readymade objects.
Ai Weiwei : On 22 June 2013, the two-year anniversary of Ai's release, he released his first music album "The Divine Comedy."
Ai Weiwei : This contemporary art archive and experimental gallery in Beijing concentrates on experimental art from the People's Republic of China, initiates and facilitates exhibitions and other forms of introductions inside and outside China.
Ai Weiwei : Ten days after the 8.0-magnitude earthquake in Sichuan province on 12 May 2008, Ai led a team to survey and film the post-quake conditions in various disaster zones.
Ai Weiwei : It opened at the Hirshhorn in Washington, D.C. in 2013, and subsequently traveled to the Brooklyn Museum, New York,
Ai Weiwei : The video was a reconstruction of Ai's experience in prison, during his 81-day detention, and dives in and out of the prison's reality and the guarding soldiers' fantasies.
Ai Weiwei : The 24-hour sit-in referenced Ai's sculpture series, "Marble Chair", two of which were on view and were subsequently acquired for the Museum's permanent collection.
Ai Weiwei : On 23 June 2011, professor Wang Yujin of China University of Political Science and Law stated that the release of Ai on bail shows that the Chinese government could not find any solid evidence of Ai's alleged "economic crime".
Ai Weiwei : On 21 June 2012, Ai's bail was lifted.
Ai Weiwei : While state media originally reported on 6 April that Ai was arrested at the airport because "his departure procedures were incomplete," the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on 7 April that Ai was arrested under investigation for alleged economic crimes.
Ai Weiwei : In response to the government's lack of transparency in revealing names of students who perished in the earthquake due to substandard school campus constructions, Ai recruited volunteers online and launched a "Citizens' Investigation" to compile names and information of the student victims.
Ai Weiwei : Also in 2011, Ai spoke at TED (conference) and was a guest lecturer at Oslo School of Architecture and Design.
Ai Weiwei : In 1958, the family was sent to a labour camp in Beidahuang, Heilongjiang, when Ai was one year old.
Ai Weiwei : He studied English at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of California, Berkeley.
Ai Weiwei : In the end, the party took place without Ai's presence; his supporters feasted on river crab, an allusion to "harmony", and a euphemism used to jeer official censorship.
Ai Weiwei : In 2002, he was the curator of the project Jinhua Architecture Park.
Ai Weiwei : "Ming Pao" in Hong Kong reacted strongly to the state media's character attack on Ai, saying that authorities had employed "a chain of actions outside the law, doing further damage to an already weak system of laws, and to the overall image of the country."
Ai Weiwei : Michael Sheridan of "The Times" suggested that Ai had offered himself to the authorities on a platter with some of his provocative art, particularly photographs of himself nude with only a toy alpaca hiding his modesty – with a caption『草泥马挡中央』 ("grass mud horse covering the middle").
Ai Weiwei : Ginsberg had traveled to China and met with Ai's father, the noted poet Ai Qing, and consequently Ginsberg and Ai became friends.
Ai Weiwei : In summer 2012, Ai teamed again with Herzog & de Meuron on a "would-be archaeological site [as] a game of make-believe and fleeting memory" as the year's temporary Serpentine Gallery Pavilion in London's Kensington Gardens.
Ai Weiwei : In October 2012, authorities revoked the license of Beijing Fa Ke Cultural Development Ltd. for failing to re-register, an annual requirement by the administration.
Ai Weiwei : Notes were folded into paper planes and thrown over the studio walls, and donations were made in symbolic amounts such as 8964 (4 June 1989, Tiananmen Massacre) or 512 (12 May 2008, Sichuan earthquake).
Ai Weiwei : Ai befriended beat poet Allen Ginsberg while living in New York, following a chance meeting at a poetry reading where Ginsberg read out several poems about China.
Ai Weiwei : One of the major protests by U.S. museums took place on 19 and 20 May when the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego organized a 24-hour silent protest in which volunteer participants, including community members, media, and museum staff, occupied two traditionally styled Chinese chairs for one-hour periods.
Ai Weiwei : On 13 April 2011, a group of European intellectuals led by Václav Havel had issued an open letter to Wen Jiabao, condemning the arrest and demanding the immediate release of Ai.
Ai Weiwei : A detached guesthouse, also designed by Ai and HHF Architects, was completed after the main house and, according to New York Magazine, looks like a "floating boomerang of rusty Cor-Ten steel."
Ai Weiwei : Beijing Fa Ke Cultural Development Ltd. (), a company Ai controlled, had allegedly evaded taxes and intentionally destroyed accounting documents.
Ai Weiwei : He later released a second single, "Laoma Tihua", on 20 June 2013 along with a video on his experience of state surveillance, with footage compiled from his studio's documentaries.
Ai Weiwei : According to the "Financial Times", in an attempt to force Ai to leave the country, two accounts used by him had been hacked in a sophisticated attack on Google in China dubbed Operation Aurora, their contents read and copied; his bank accounts were investigated by state security agents who claimed he was under investigation for "unspecified suspected crimes".
Ai Weiwei : On 24 October 2012, Ai went live with a cover of Gangnam Style, the famous K-pop phenomenon by South Korean rapper PSY, through the posting of a four-minute long parody video on YouTube.
Ai Weiwei : In August 2007, he also accused those choreographing the Olympic opening ceremony, including Steven Spielberg and Zhang Yimou, of failing to live up to their responsibility as artists.
Ai Weiwei : In June 2011, the Beijing Local Taxation Bureau demanded a total of over 12 million yuan (US$1.85 million) from Beijing Fa Ke Cultural Development Ltd. in unpaid taxes and fines, and accorded three days to appeal the demand in writing.
Ai Weiwei : Pro-Beijing newspaper in Hong Kong, "Wen Wei Po", announced that Ai was under arrest for tax evasion, bigamy and spreading indecent images on the internet, and vilified him with multiple instances of strong rhetoric.
Ai Weiwei : The building was designed and built by Ai upon encouragement and persuasion from a "high official [from Shanghai]" as part of a new cultural area designated by Shanghai Municipal authorities; Ai would have used it as a studio and to teach architecture courses.
Ai Weiwei : He helped establish the experimental artists' Beijing East Village and co-published a series of three books about this new generation of artists with Chinese curator Feng Boyi: "Black Cover Book" (1994), "White Cover Book" (1995), and "Gray Cover Book" (1997).
Ai Weiwei : "The Guardian" reported Ai saying Shanghai municipal authorities were "frustrated" by documentaries on subjects they considered sensitive: two of the better known ones featured Shanghai resident Feng Zhenghu, who lived in forced exile for three months in Narita Airport, Tokyo; another well-known documentary focused on Yang Jia, who murdered six Shanghai police officers.
Ai Weiwei : In 2009, the Chicago Athenaeum Museum of Architecture and Design selected the home for its International Architecture Awards, one of the world's most prestigious global awards for new architecture, landscape architecture, interiors and urban planning.
Ai Weiwei : In 2010, "Wallpaper" magazine nominated the residence for its Wallpaper Design Awards category: Best New Private House.
Ai Weiwei : On 9 April, Ai's accountant, as well as studio partner Liu Zhenggang and driver Zhang Jingsong, disappeared, while Ai's assistant Wen Tao has remained missing since Ai's arrest on 3 April.
Ai Weiwei : Ai is the Artistic Director of "China Art Archives & Warehouse" (CAAW), which he co-founded in 1997.
Ai Weiwei : In 2006, Ai and HHF Architects designed a private residence in upstate New York.
Ai Weiwei : On 22 May 2013, Ai debuted his first single "Dumbass" over the internet, with a music video shot by cinematographer Christopher Doyle.
Ai Weiwei : Ai is married to artist Lu Qing.
Ai Weiwei : The international arts community also mobilised petitions calling for the release of Ai: "1001 Chairs for Ai Weiwei" was organized by Creative Time of New York that calls for artists to bring chairs to Chinese embassies and consulates around the world on 17 April 2011, at 1 pm local time "to sit peacefully in support of the artist's immediate release."
Ai Weiwei : The group disbanded in 1983, yet Ai participated in regular Stars group shows, "The Stars: Ten Years," 1989 (Hanart Gallery, Hong Kong and Taipei), and a retrospective exhibition in Beijing in 2007: "Origin Point" (Today Art Museum, Beijing).
Ai Weiwei : On 15 March 2010, Ai took part in "Digital Activism in China", a discussion hosted by The Paley Media Center in New York with Jack Dorsey (founder of Twitter) and Richard MacManus.
Ai Weiwei : Ai's father was the Chinese poet Ai Qing, who was denounced during the Anti-Rightist Movement.
Ai Weiwei : The signatories include Ivan Klíma, Jiří Gruša, Jáchym Topol, Elfriede Jelinek, Adam Michnik, Adam Zagajewski, Helmuth Frauendorfer; Bei Ling (Chinese:贝岭), a Chinese poet in exile drafted and also signed the open letter.
Ai Weiwei : Ai collaborated with architects Herzog & de Meuron as consultant on the Beijing National Stadium for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ai Weiwei : "Ai Weiwei: According to What," adapted and expanded by the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden from a 2009 exhibition at Tokyo's Mori Art Museum, was Ai's first North American museum retrospective.
Ai Weiwei : Ai attended the Art Students League of New York from 1983 to 1986, where he studied with Bruce Dorfman, Knox Martin and Richard Pousette-Dart.
Ai Weiwei : In 1978, he was one of the founders of the early avant garde art group the "Stars", together with Ma Desheng, Wang Keping, Mao Lizi, Huang Rui, Li Shuang, Ah Cheng and Qu Leilei.
Ai Weiwei : In 2000, he co-curated the art exhibition "Fuck Off" with curator Feng Boyi in Shanghai, China.
Ai Weiwei : He is the subject of the 2012 documentary film "", directed by American filmmaker Alison Klayman, which received a special jury prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and opened the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, North America's largest documentary festival, in Toronto on 26 April 2012.
Ai Weiwei : Also in 2010 he served as jury member for Future Generation Art Prize, Kiev, Ukraine; contributed design for Comme de Garcons Aoyama Store, Tokyo, Japan; and participated in a talk with Nobel Prize winner Herta Müller at the International Culture festival Litcologne in Cologne, Germany.
Ai Weiwei : In 2011, Ai served as co-director and curator of the 2011 Gwangju Design Biennale, and co-curator of the exhibition Shanshui at The Museum of Art Lucerne.
Ai Weiwei : Ai was commissioned as the artistic consultant for design, collaborating with the Swiss firm Herzog & de Meuron, for the Beijing National Stadium for the 2008 Summer Olympics, also known as the "Bird's Nest."
James McClean : He also scored in the third round as well, scoring in the 82nd minute away at Milton Keynes Dons.
James McClean : After the first refusal, McClean also received sectarian abuse and loyalist threats, including death threats.
James McClean : Ahead of the replay for that fixture, Middlesbrough manager Tony Mowbray used McClean as an example for young players to follow.
James McClean : He had scored on 18 December against Sheffield Wednesday, but that match was abandoned in heavy rain and his goal was struck from the records; it was the only goal of the game by the 59th minute in which it was called off.
James McClean : Booed by his team's own fans whenever he touched the ball, he was replaced by Claudio Yacob at half-time, as his team lost 3–0.
James McClean : On 23 March, Sunderland announced that McClean had signed a new contract intended to force him to stay at the club until the summer of 2015.
James McClean : James Joseph McClean ( ; born 22 April 1989) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a winger for EFL Championship club Stoke City and the Republic of Ireland national team.
James McClean : In July, on the team's tour of the United States, he turned his back on the Flag of England while the British national anthem "God Save the Queen" was played before a match against the Charleston Battery, which resulted in a verbal warning from manager Tony Pulis.
James McClean : Upon signing McClean, manager Steve Bruce indicated that he was "one for the future", and also hinted that he would be in the reserve team until Christmas.
James McClean : A week later, he opened the scoring in Sunderland's 2–1 home loss to Arsenal after Per Mertesacker injured himself.
James McClean : Two weeks later, he was sent off in the first half of a 2–1 home loss to Bournemouth for a challenge on Adam Smith; teammate Salomón Rondón was also dismissed in added time.
James McClean : He made his competitive debut on 10 August as West Brom began the season against Manchester City at The Hawthorns.
James McClean : McClean grew up in the Creggan area of Derry and attended Holy Family Primary School and St. Peter's High School.
James McClean : On 17 October, after a 1–0 home win over his former team Sunderland, he taunted the visiting fans, leading to confrontations between both sets of players; he was given a warning by the FA over his conduct.
James McClean : McClean signed for Championship club Wigan Athletic on a three-year contract on 8 August 2013.
James McClean : McClean joined Sunderland on 9 August 2011 for a fee of £350,000, signing a three-year contract.
James McClean : A day later, he helped them to a 3–1 victory over relegation-threatened Queens Park Rangers by assisting the opening goal for Nicklas Bendtner and later scoring by himself.
James McClean : Turning down a move to New York Red Bulls, on 22 June 2015 McClean signed for West Bromwich Albion on a three-year deal for a fee believed to be around £1.5 million.
James McClean : McClean won Sunderland's Young Player of the Year Award, at the end of the 2011–12 season.
James McClean : He scored his first Premier League goal of the season in a 3–0 home defeat of Reading on 11 December, exactly twelve months to the day that he made his Sunderland debut.
James McClean : He scored his first goal for the Baggies on 5 December, a 39th-minute headed equaliser in a 1–1 home draw against Tottenham Hotspur.
James McClean : His form in the development squad was capped by a reserve-debut goal in a 4–3 win over Tyne–Wear derby rivals Newcastle United, earning him a place on the Sunderland bench.
James McClean : Three days later he made his debut in the 2013 FA Community Shield at Wembley Stadium, starting in a 2–0 loss to Manchester United.
James McClean : In August 2012, McClean scored his first two goals of the 2012–13 in the second round of the League Cup against Morecambe.
James McClean : Despite never making an appearance under Bruce, he made his debut for the first team in Martin O'Neill's first game in charge on 11 December, a 2–1 win over Blackburn Rovers and was credited for the comeback which saw his side overturn a 1–0 deficit, after coming on as a substitute for Jack Colback in the second half.
James McClean : McClean was part of the Northern Ireland team that won the 2008 Milk Cup and scored in the opening game in a 3–1 win against the US.
James McClean : He scored his first goal for Wigan on 26 January 2014 in the FA Cup fourth round, a winner in a 2–1 victory against Crystal Palace.
James McClean : McClean turned provider again in Sunderland's 3–0 victory over Norwich City, assisting Sessègnon's goal, then scored the only goal in a win over Stoke City on 4 February in snowy conditions at the Britannia Stadium.
James McClean : McClean made his first start for Sunderland in their 1–0 victory over Manchester City on 1 January 2012, and scored his first senior goal for the Black Cats in a 4–1 win against Wigan Athletic two days later; on 8 January, he scored and assisted Sebastian Larsson in a 2–0 win at Peterborough United in the third round of the FA Cup.
Eugenio Finardi : Eugenio Finardi (born July 16, 1952) is an Italian rock singer, songwriter, guitarist and keyboardist.
Takashi Inui : He became the first Asian player to play for the club.
Takashi Inui : He made his debut in the 2.
Takashi Inui : Inui was the All Japan High School Soccer Tournament Letterwinner in 2006 when his high school, Shiga Yasu HS, won the tournament.
Takashi Inui : League Division 2 Cerezo Osaka in June 2008, earning himself a permanent move at the end of the season.
Takashi Inui : League Division 1 and made his debut as a professional against Yokohama F.C.
Takashi Inui : In 2007, Inui joined Yokohama F. Marinos of the J.
Takashi Inui : On 1 June 2018, upon expiration of his Eibar contract, Inui joined Real Betis on a free transfer for a three-year deal.
Takashi Inui : In April 2017, as the club was chasing a UEFA Europa League place, he was controversially called back to his homeland by Japan's prime minister to serve as a delegate for the visit of King Felipe VI of Spain to Japan.
Takashi Inui : Bundesliga, when he started in a 1–2 home defeat versus FC St. Pauli on 13 August 2011.
Takashi Inui : In July 2012, Inui signed a three-year contract with newly promoted Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt after impressive performance in the German second tier.
Takashi Inui : On 26 August 2015, Inui was transferred to La Liga side SD Eibar for a then club record fees of € 300,000, after agreeing to a three-year contract.
Takashi Inui : In July 2011, Inui made the jump to Europe, joining Germany's VfL Bochum.
Takashi Inui : He scored his first league goal for Eibar on 10 January 2016 in a 2–1 win against RCD Espanyol, scoring the first goal in the 15th minute of game and also providing assist for second goal.
Duff McKagan : 2 and No.
Duff McKagan : Guns.
Duff McKagan : *@ Like a Suicide".
Duff McKagan : He sat next to Cobain on a flight from Los Angeles to Seattle on April 1.
Duff McKagan : He has been called "Duff" since toddlerhood, to which he once referred as "an Irish thing".
Duff McKagan : After several line-up changes, The Fartz evolved into the post-punk band 10 Minute Warning, for which McKagan played guitar.
Duff McKagan : In 1983, McKagan moved to Los Angeles, California, with one of his brothers where he found work as an appetizer server at a Black Angus restaurant in Northridge.
Duff McKagan : In 1980, McKagan joined the pop-punk band the Fastbacks as their drummer.
Duff McKagan : He appeared on their 1981 debut single "It's Your Birthday", which was issued on guitarist Kurt Bloch's label No Threes Records, and on the song "Someone Else's Room", which was included on the "Seattle Syndrome Volume One" compilation album, also released in 1981.
Duff McKagan : In 1982, McKagan became the drummer for the hardcore punk band The Fartz, with whom he recorded several demos, five of which were included on their 1990 album "You, We See You Crawling".
Duff McKagan : In 1979, at the age of 15, McKagan formed the punk band the Vains, in which he played bass; they released the single "School Jerks" in 1980.
Duff McKagan : In 1995, with Guns N' Roses largely inactive, McKagan formed the supergroup Neurotic Outsiders with Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols, John Taylor of Duran Duran, and his Guns N' Roses bandmate Matt Sorum.
Duff McKagan : Michael Andrew "Duff" McKagan (born February 5, 1964), sometimes credited as Duff "Rose" McKagan, is an American multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter and author.
Philippe Delerm : Delerm is married to children's book illustrator Martine Delerm, with whom he has one son, singer-songwriter Vincent Delerm.
Philippe Delerm : Philippe Delerm (born November 27, 1950 in Auvers-sur-Oise, Val-d'Oise, France) is a French writer whose collection of essays "La Première gorgée de bière et autres plaisirs minuscules" sold more than one million copies in France.
Philippe Delerm : In 1975, he married Martine Chosson, moved to Beaumont-le-Roger in Eure, and taught French Literature at the Marie Curie Collège (Secondary School) in Bernay.
Francois Pienaar : He was appointed Springbok captain from his first test and remained captain until his last, and remains one of the most successful South African captains of all time.
Francois Pienaar : Pienaar was born in Vereeniging, South Africa into a working class Afrikaner family, the eldest of four boys.
Francois Pienaar : In 1994, Transvaal retained the Currie Cup under his captaincy and he was voted international player of the year by Rugby World magazine.
Francois Pienaar : After completing high school at Hoërskool Patriot Witbank, he won an athletic scholarship to the Rand Afrikaans University, where he studied law.
Francois Pienaar : During his acceptance speech, Pienaar made it clear that the team had won the trophy not just for the 60,000 fans at Ellis Park, but also for all 43,000,000 South Africans.
Francois Pienaar : In 1993 Transvaal won the Super 10, Currie Cup and Lion Cup under Pienaar.
Francois Pienaar : In the same year, he returned to Cape Town, South Africa, where he lives with his wife Nerine Winter and two sons, both had Nelson Mandela as a godfather.
Francois Pienaar : Jacobus Francois Pienaar (born 2 January 1967) is a retired South African rugby union player.
Francois Pienaar : During the remarkable post-match presentation ceremony Nelson Mandela, wearing a Springbok jersey bearing Pienaar's number, presented him with the Webb Ellis Cup.
Francois Pienaar : The 2009 film "Invictus", based on the book, was directed by Clint Eastwood, and starred Morgan Freeman as Nelson Mandela and Matt Damon as Pienaar.
Jean-Pierre Raffarin : His political policies combined authority and moderate economical liberalism – that is, the support of laissez-faire economic policies.
Jean-Pierre Raffarin : Furthermore, elected in a special second round by a majority of left-wing voters, he searched for a moderate to lead the cabinet and the June 2002 legislative campaign.
Jean-Pierre Raffarin : Raffarin's resignation was accepted by President Chirac on 30 May 2005, after the "no" victory at the European Constitution referendum, and he was replaced as Prime Minister by Dominique de Villepin.
Jean-Pierre Raffarin : Jean-Pierre Raffarin (; born 3 August 1948) is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 6 May 2002 to 31 May 2005.
Éric Roy : During his spell in England with Sunderland, he scored once, in a 5–0 win over Walsall in the League Cup.
Éric Roy : Éric Serge Roy (born 26 September 1967) is a French former professional footballer and former manager of OGC Nice.
Éric Roy : Born in Nice, Roy began playing professional football with OGC Nice.
Oliver Bierhoff : In the 1997–98 season, he was the Serie A top scorer with 27 goals for Udinese.
Oliver Bierhoff : He scored a total of 103 goals in Serie A, one of the highest totals for a non-Italian in the league's history.
Oliver Bierhoff : In his last ever game, he scored a hat-trick for Chievo Verona in a 3–4 defeat to Juventus.
Oliver Bierhoff : Altogether Bierhoff scored 37 goals in 70 caps, including both goals in the 2–1 win over the Czech Republic in the Euro 1996 final after having come on as a substitute.
Oliver Bierhoff : Oliver Bierhoff (; born 1 May 1968) is a retired German former footballer who played as a striker.
Oliver Bierhoff : Bierhoff was from 2004 until December 2017 a manager of the German national football team, a new position created as part of Jürgen Klinsmann's acceptance of the coaching job.
Michael Apted : He returned to television, directing the first three episodes of the TV series "Rome" (2005).
Michael Apted : On 29 June 2003, he was elected president of the Directors' Guild of America.
Michael Apted : Apted directed "Amazing Grace" which premiered at the closing of the Toronto International Film Festival in 2006.
Michael Apted : Apted secured a scholarship to attend City of London School and then to study law and history at Downing College, Cambridge.
Michael Apted : One of the most prolific English film directors of his generation, he is known for directing: the "Up" series (1964–), the James Bond film "The World Is Not Enough" (1999) as well as "Coal Miner's Daughter" (1980), which received seven Academy Award nominations including for the Best Picture, and "Nell" (1994), which received three Golden Globe Award and one Academy Award nomination.
Michael Apted : He was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Michael Apted : Michael David Apted, (born 10 February 1941) is an English director, producer, writer and actor.
Andrew McCarthy : Sedona International Film Festival
Andrew McCarthy : The couple divorced in 2005.
Andrew McCarthy : His mother worked for a newspaper and his father was involved in investments and stocks.
Andrew McCarthy : In 2002, Schneider gave birth to a son, Sam.
Andrew McCarthy : He is ranked #40 on VH1's 100 Greatest Teen Stars of all-time list.
Andrew McCarthy : I called her and asked her if she was really with this guy and asked her out for coffee."
Andrew McCarthy : McCarthy was born in Westfield, New Jersey, the third of four boys.
Andrew McCarthy : He had been in the church on assignment for the travel magazine "Afar".
Andrew McCarthy : In 2004, he played Dr. Hook in "Kingdom Hospital".
Andrew McCarthy : Despite this incident, he later guest starred in an episode of "" (with Chris Noth, not D'Onofrio) that originally aired in November 2007.
Andrew McCarthy : In 1992, he entered a detoxification program and has been sober since.
Andrew McCarthy : Wolf later stated, "Mr. McCarthy engaged in fractious behavior from the moment he walked on the set."
Andrew McCarthy : In 2004, he announced that he once had a serious alcohol problem, which began at age 12.
Andrew McCarthy : He appeared in five episodes of the 2005 NBC television series "E-Ring".
Andrew McCarthy : McCarthy fired back in a statement of his own saying, "I was fired because I refused to allow a fellow actor to threaten me with physical violence, bully me and try to direct me."
Andrew McCarthy : In 1999, McCarthy married his college sweetheart Carol Schneider 20 years after they first dated.
Andrew McCarthy : Andrew Thomas McCarthy (born November 29, 1962) is an American actor, travel writer and television director.
Andrew McCarthy : He later stated his reasons for tracking her down after they had drifted apart: "I ran into someone who said they had seen Carol and her boyfriend and they seemed really happy, and for some reason it bothered me for a week.
Andrew McCarthy : McCarthy made his Broadway debut in "The Boys of Winter."
Andrew McCarthy : He quickly returned to Hollywood in 1988 to star in several films, such as "Fresh Horses" and "Kansas".
Andrew McCarthy : In 2010, McCarthy was escorted out of an underground church in Lalibela, Ethiopia, for entering the site without documentation.
Andrew McCarthy : He had another hit with the 1989 comedy film "Weekend at Bernie's".
Andrew McCarthy : In 1985, McCarthy starred with Donald Sutherland and Kevin Dillon in "Heaven Help Us" (also known as "Catholic Boys") as Michael Dunn.
Andrew McCarthy : Due to bad relations with actor Vincent D'Onofrio, series creator Dick Wolf decided against it.
Andrew McCarthy : In 2008, he starred in the NBC television series "Lipstick Jungle" as a billionaire, but was eventually cancelled, and had a minor role in "The Spiderwick Chronicles".
Andrew McCarthy : He is most known as a member of the Brat Pack, with roles in 1980s films such as "St. Elmo's Fire", "Pretty in Pink", and "Less Than Zero".
Olafur Eliasson : The platform is a statement in support of freedom of speech and creative collaboration.
Olafur Eliasson : In his very first series he attempted to shoot all of Iceland’s bridges.
Olafur Eliasson : Visitors can walk through the corridor and have a panoramic view of the city.
Olafur Eliasson : With visibility at just 1.5 metres, museumgoers have to use senses other than sight to orient themselves in relation to their surroundings.
Olafur Eliasson : It opened in May 2011.
Olafur Eliasson : The artworks appear as a sequence of events along a journey.
Olafur Eliasson : The parliament of reality emphasizes that negotiation should be the core of any educational scheme.
Olafur Eliasson : Frogs gather in this wiry mesh at night, creating an enjoyable symphony.
Olafur Eliasson : Open for six months, the work reportedly attracted two million visitors, many of whom were repeat visitors.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur speaks Icelandic, Danish, German, and English.
Olafur Eliasson : The installation ran from 26 June through 13 October 2008.
Olafur Eliasson : Entering the tunnel, the visitor is surrounded by dense fog.
Olafur Eliasson : Often these photographs are shot from the air, in a small rented plane traditionally used by mapmakers.
Olafur Eliasson : Construction cost 60 million Danish kroner and was funded by the Realdania foundation.
Olafur Eliasson : The installation filled the open space of the gallery's Turbine Hall.
Olafur Eliasson : Layers of ice were created by spraying approximately 530 gallons of water during a period of several days upon the structure.
Olafur Eliasson : A later series from 1996 documented the aftermath of a volcanic eruption under the Vatnajökull.
Olafur Eliasson : The facade will reflect the city life and the different light composed by the movements of the sun and varying weather.
Olafur Eliasson : They adopted both their son (in 2003) and their daughter (in 2006) in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Olafur Eliasson : The installation is based on the original Icelandic parliament, Althingi, one of the world's earliest democratic forums.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur has been developing various experiments with atmospheric density in exhibition spaces.
Olafur Eliasson : His parents had emigrated to Copenhagen from Iceland in 1966, he to find work as a cook, and she as a seamstress.
Olafur Eliasson : On display, the frozen sculpture is glowing from within.
Olafur Eliasson : The building was opened on 13 May 2011.
Olafur Eliasson : The artist envisions the project as a place where students and visitors can gather to relax, discuss ideas, or have an argument.
Olafur Eliasson : From December 17, 2014 to February 23, 2015, Fondation Louis Vuitton, Paris.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur's idea was chosen in 2007 among five other proposals in a bidding process by a panel of judges.
Olafur Eliasson : Early works by Olafur consist of oscillating electric fans hanging from the ceiling.
Olafur Eliasson : The awardee becomes an artist in residence at MIT, studying and teaching for a period of time.
Olafur Eliasson : With two school friends, he formed a group, calling themselves the Harlem Gun Crew, and they performed at clubs and dance halls for four years, eventually winning the Scandinavian championship.
Olafur Eliasson : At night the artwork is lit from the inside by spotlights in the floor.
Olafur Eliasson : The museum's skylight bridge was turned into an installation titled "One-way colour tunnel."
Olafur Eliasson : In October 2013, he was honored with the "Goslarer Kaiserring".
Olafur Eliasson : In regular intervals, Olafur presents grids of various color photographs, all taken in Iceland.
Olafur Eliasson : During the night the glass bricks are lit up by different colored LED lights.
Olafur Eliasson : Each deliberately low-tech apparatus, of which there are about 400, is composed of a monofrequency light source and a parabolic mirror.
Olafur Eliasson : Arranged in a grid, the photographs recall the repetitive images of the German photographers Bernd and Hilla Becher.
Olafur Eliasson : Each group of images focuses on a single subject: volcanoes, hot springs and huts isolated in the wilderness.
Olafur Eliasson : O'Doherty was positive about the piece when talking to "Frieze" magazine in 2003, saying that it was "the first time I've seen the enormously dismal space—like a coffin for a giant—socialized in an effective way."
Olafur Eliasson : However, Olafur considered his "break-dancing" during the mid-1980s to be his first artworks.
Olafur Eliasson : All fees from the project were donated to 121Ethiopia.org, a charitable foundation initially established by Olafur and his wife to renovate an orphanage.
Olafur Eliasson : Art critic Brian O'Doherty described this as viewers "intoxicated with their own narcissism as they ponder themselves elevated into the sky."
Olafur Eliasson : Moving through passageways and expansive installations, visitors become part of a choreography of darkness, light, geometry, and reflections.
Olafur Eliasson : He returned his award one year later after it was revealed that Vladimir Putin would be recognized in 2011.
Olafur Eliasson : Along the way, optical devices, models, and a meteorite reflect Olafur’s on-going investigations into the mechanisms of perception and the construction of space.
Olafur Eliasson : First located in a three-story former train depot right next door to the Hamburger Bahnhof, the studio moved to a former brewery in Prenzlauer Berg in 2008.
Olafur Eliasson : At 15 he had his first solo show, exhibiting landscape drawings and gouaches at a small alternative gallery in Denmark.
Olafur Eliasson : The exhibit included site-specific installations, large-scale immersive environments, freestanding sculpture, photography, and special commissions seen through a succession of interconnected rooms and corridors.
Olafur Eliasson : The man-made island is surrounded by a 30-foot circular lake, 24 trees, and wild grasses.
Olafur Eliasson : At $15.5 million, it was the most expensive public arts project since Christo and Jeanne-Claude's installation of "The Gates" in Central Park.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2007, he was awarded the first Joan Miró Prize by the Joan Miró Foundation.
Olafur Eliasson : The ceiling of the hall was covered with a huge mirror, in which visitors could see themselves as tiny black shadows against a mass of orange light symbolizing the sun.
Olafur Eliasson : It has a diameter of and is mounted on high columns on top of the roof of the ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum in Aarhus.
Olafur Eliasson : In 1998, Olafur discovered that uranin, a readily available nontoxic powder used to trace leaks in plumbing systems, could dye entire rivers a sickly fluorescent green.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur was originally supposed to create an outdoor-based artwork for the 2012 Summer Olympics; however, his proposed £1 million ($1.6 million) project "Take A Deep Breath" – which involved recording people breathing – was rejected due to funding problems.
Olafur Eliasson : The island is reached by a 20-foot-long stainless steel lattice-canopied bridge, creating the effect that visitors are entering a stage or outdoor forum.
Olafur Eliasson : "The weather project" was installed at the London's Tate Modern in 2003 as part of the popular Unilever series.
Olafur Eliasson : In 1996, Olafur had his first show in the United States at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur's artwork "Your rainbow panorama" consists of a circular, long and wide corridor made of glass in every color of the spectrum.
Olafur Eliasson : From June 2007 through October 2008, the pavilion was reopened on the island of Lopud, Croatia near the city of Dubrovnik.
Olafur Eliasson : The first piece they created called "8900054", was a stainless-steel dome wide and high, designed to be seen as if it were growing from the ground.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2005, Olafur and classical violin maker Hans Johannsson began work on the development of a new instrument, with the objective to reinterpret the traditions of 17th- and 18th-century violin making using today’s technology and a contemporary visual aesthetic.
Olafur Eliasson : "Ventilator" (1997) swings back and forth and around, rotating on its axis.
Olafur Eliasson : The following year he was awarded the Prince Eugen Medal for sculpture and in 2006, the Crown Prince Couple's Culture Prize.
Olafur Eliasson : Along with James Corner's landscape architecture firm Field Operations and architecture firm Diller Scofidio + Renfro, Olafur was part of the design team for New York's High Line park.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur conducted a test run in the Spree River during the 1998 Berlin Biennale, scattering a handful of powder from a bridge near Museum Island.
Olafur Eliasson : Dedicated on 15 May 2009, this permanent sculpture stands at Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, NY.
Olafur Eliasson : His father, then an artist, moved back to Iceland, where their family spent summers and holidays.
Olafur Eliasson : In 1995 he established Studio Olafur Eliasson in Berlin, a laboratory for spatial research.
Olafur Eliasson : Based on the hydrogen-powered BMW H2R concept vehicle, Olafur and his team removed the automobile's alloy body and instead replaced it with a new interlocking framework of reflective steel bars and mesh.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur was commissioned by BMW in 2007 to create the sixteenth art car for the BMW Art Car Project.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur received his degree from the academy in 1995, after having moved in 1993 to Cologne for a year, and then to Berlin, where he has since maintained a studio.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2014, Olafur analyzed seven paintings by J. M. W. Turner to create "Turner colour experiments", which isolate and record Turner’s use of light and colour.
Olafur Eliasson : The island is composed of a cut-bluestone, compass-like floor pattern (based upon meridian lines and navigational charts), on top of which 30 river-washed boulders create an outdoor seating area for students and the public to gather.
Olafur Eliasson : Thorsteinn's knowledge of geometry and space has been integrated into Olafur's artistic production, often seen in his geometric lamp works as well as his pavilions, tunnels and camera obscura projects.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur had his first solo show was with Nicolaus Schafhausen in Cologne in 1993, before moving to Berlin in 1994.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur was commissioned by The Public Art Fund to create four man-made waterfalls, called "The New York City Waterfalls", ranging in a height from 90–120 ft., in New York Harbor.
Olafur Eliasson : The family lives in a house designed by architect Andreas Lauritz Clemmensen in Hellerup near Copenhagen; Olafur commutes to Berlin.
Olafur Eliasson : Studio Olafur Eliasson, which the artist founded as a "laboratory for spatial research", employs a team of architects, engineers, craftsmen, and assistants (some 30 members as of 2008) who work together to conceive and construct artworks such as installations and sculptures, as well as large-scale projects and commissions.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur's later installation "Din blinde passager (Your blind passenger)" (2010), commissioned by the Arken Museum of Modern Art, is a 90-metre-long tunnel.
Olafur Eliasson : Danish-Icelandic artist known for sculptures and large-scale installation art employing elemental materials such as light, water, and air temperature to enhance the viewer’s experience.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur used humidifiers to create a fine mist in the air via a mixture of sugar and water, as well as a semicircular disc (reflected by the ceiling mirror to appear circular) made up of hundreds of monochromatic lamps which radiated yellow light.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur is married to Danish art historian Marianne Krogh Jensen, whom he met when she curated the Danish Pavilion for the 1997 São Paulo Art Biennial.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur Eliasson was born in Copenhagen in 1967 to Elías Hjörleifsson and Ingibjörg Olafsdottir.
Olafur Eliasson : In 1990, when he was awarded a travel budget by the Royal Danish Academy, Olafur went to New York where he started working as a studio assistant for artist Christian Eckart in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and reading texts on phenomenology and Gestalt psychology.
Olafur Eliasson : He began introducing the environmentally safe dye to rivers in Moss, Norway (1998), Bremen (1998), Los Angeles (1999), Stockholm (2000) and Tokyo (2001) — always without advance warning.
Olafur Eliasson : For his ongoing series of "Colour experiment paintings" – which began in 2009 – Olafur started analyzing pigments, paint production and application of colour in order to mix paint in the exact colour for each nanometre of the visible light spectrum.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2012 Olafur and engineer Frederik Ottesen founded Little Sun, a company that produces solar powered LED lamps.
Olafur Eliasson : A temporary pavilion was constructed on the grounds of the monastery to house the exhibit, consisting of a square room painted black with one source of illumination – a thin, continuous line of light set into all four walls of the room at the viewers eye-level, serving as a horizontal division between above and below.
Olafur Eliasson : As professor at the Berlin University of the Arts, Olafur Eliasson founded the Institute for Spatial Experiments (Institut für Raumexperimente, IfREX), which opened within his studio building in April 2009.
Olafur Eliasson : On the occasion of a state visit to Germany in June 2013, the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, visited Studio Olafur Eliasson in Berlin.
Olafur Eliasson : In "Room For One Colour" (1998), a corridor lit by yellow monofrequency tubes, the participants find themselves in a room filled with light that affects the perception of all other colours.
Olafur Eliasson : Commissioned by Louis Vuitton in 2006, lamps titled "Eye See You" were installed in the Christmas windows of Louis Vuitton stores; a lamp titled "You See Me" went on permanent display at Louis Vuitton Fifth Avenue, New York.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur represented Denmark at the 50th Venice Biennale in 2003 and later that year installed "The Weather Project" in the Turbine Hall of Tate Modern, London.
Olafur Eliasson : Another installation, "360 degrees Room For All Colours" (2002), is a round light-sculpture where participants lose their sense of space and perspective, and experience being subsumed by an intense light.
Olafur Eliasson : "Quadrible light ventilator mobile" (2002–2007) is a rotating electrically powered mobile comprising a searchlight and four fans blowing air around the exhibition room and scanning it with the light cone.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2004, Olafur won the Nykredit Architecture Prize and the Eckersberg Medal for painting.
Olafur Eliasson : Olafur designed the facade of Harpa, Reykjavík's new concert hall and conference centre which was completed in 2011.
Olafur Eliasson : The "Spiral Pavilion", conceived in 1999 for the Venice Biennial and today on display at Kunsthalle Bielefeld, brought Olafur Eliasson the Benesse Prize by the Benesse Corporation.
Olafur Eliasson : In 2007, Olafur developed the stage design for "Phaedra", an opera production at the Berlin State Opera.
Olafur Eliasson : In 1996, Olafur started working with Einar Thorsteinn, an architect and geometry expert 25 years his senior as well as a former friend of Buckminster Fuller.
Olafur Eliasson : That same year, Olafur and Henning Larsen Architects were recipients of the Mies van der Rohe Award for their Harpa Concert Hall and Conference Center in Reykjavik, Iceland.
Olafur Eliasson : In November 2013, at the Falling Walls Conference, Olafur presented with Ai Weiwei, connected via web from Beijing, their collaboration "Moon", an open digital platform that allows users to draw on enormous replica of the moon via their web browser.
Olafur Eliasson : In close collaboration with his studio team and Henning Larsen Architects, the designers of the building, Olafur has designed a unique facade consisting of large quasi bricks, a stackable twelve sided module in steel and glass.
Olafur Eliasson : Brazilian filmmaker Karim Ainouz's documentary piece, "Domingo", shot from his encounter with Olafur during the 17th Videobrasil Festival, had its world premiere at Rio International Film Festival] in 2014, and was released on DVD in 2015.
Olafur Eliasson : "Your mobile expectations: BMW H2R project" was on special display in a temperature controlled room at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art from 2007 to 2008 and at the Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich, in 2008.
Olafur Eliasson : For "Feelings are facts", the first time Olafur has worked with Chinese architect Yansong Ma as well as his first exhibition in China, Olafur introduces condensed banks of artificially produced fog into the gallery of Ullens Center for Contemporary Art, Beijing.
Olafur Eliasson : This project, a light installation commissioned for the Venice Biennale by Thyssen-Bornemisza Art Contemporary in collaboration with David Adjaye, was shown from 1 August to 31 October 2005 on the island of San Lazzaro in the lagoon near Venice, Italy.
Olafur Eliasson : For many projects, the artist works collaboratively with specialists in various fields, among them the architects Thorsteinn and Sebastian Behmann (both of whom have been frequent collaborators, Behmann working on the Kirk Kapital headquarters on Vejle Fjord in Denmark, completed in 2018), author Svend Åge Madsen ("The Blind Pavilion"), landscape architect Gunther Vogt ("The Mediated Motion"), architecture theorist Cedric Price ("Chaque matin je me sens différent, chaque soir je me sens le même"), and architect Kjetil Thorsen (Serpentine Gallery Pavilion, 2007).
Olafur Eliasson : Contemporary Art Center, New York, 2008; the Dallas Museum of Art, Dallas, Texas, 2008–2009; the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, 2009; and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney 2009–2010.
Olafur Eliasson : The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA) organized Olafur's first major survey in the United States "Take Your Time: Olafur Eliasson", from September 2007 to February 2008.
Probal Dasgupta : Probal Dasgupta (born 1953 in Kolkata, India) is an Indian Linguist, Esperanto speaker and activist.
Clive Owen : While initially opposed to drama school, he changed his mind in 1984, after a long and fruitless period of searching for work.
Clive Owen : Owen became known to North American audiences in the summer of 2001 after starring as "The Driver" in "The Hire", a series of short films sponsored by BMW and made by prominent directors.
Clive Owen : Clive Owen was born on 3 October 1964 in Keresley, Coventry (then in Warwickshire), the fourth of five sons born to Pamela ("née" Cotton) and Jess Owen.
Clive Owen : In 2006, Owen spoofed the Bond connection by making an appearance in the remake of "The Pink Panther" in which he plays a character named "Nigel Boswell, Agent 006" (when he introduces himself to Inspector Clouseau, he quips that Owen's character is "one short of the big time").
Clive Owen : After graduation, he worked at the Young Vic, performing in several Shakespearean plays.
Clive Owen : Despite public denials, Owen had been rumoured to be a possible successor to Pierce Brosnan in the role of James Bond.
Clive Owen : Clive Owen (born 3 October 1964) is an English actor.
Clive Owen : In "Croupier", he played the title role of a struggling writer who takes a job in a London casino as inspiration for his work, only to get caught up in a robbery scheme.
İlkay Gündoğan : FC Nürnberg in 2009.
İlkay Gündoğan : Manchester City
İlkay Gündoğan : Germany reached the semi-finals, but Gündoğan did not feature.
İlkay Gündoğan : After years of playing for the different youth teams, Gündoğan received his first call-up to the Germany senior team in August 2011 for a friendly match against Brazil, but did not feature in the game.
İlkay Gündoğan : Gündoğan moved from VfL Bochum to 1.
İlkay Gündoğan : However, he was taken off with a back injury in this match, ruling him out for an entire year, meaning he would miss the 2014 World Cup, which Germany would go on to win.
İlkay Gündoğan : İlkay Gündoğan (, ; born 24 October 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Manchester City and the Germany national team.
İlkay Gündoğan : His first goal for the side came on 20 February 2010 in a home match, again against Bayern Munich.
İlkay Gündoğan : On 5 May 2011, it was announced Gündoğan had signed a four-year contract with Borussia Dortmund for an approximate transfer fee of €4 million.
İlkay Gündoğan : However, on 1 July 2015, he signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until 2017.
İlkay Gündoğan : Two days later, it was announced he and Borussia Dortmund would not be extending their contract after it expired after 30 July 2016.
İlkay Gündoğan : On 4 June 2018, Gündoğan was selected in Joachim Löw's final 23-man squad for the World Cup.
İlkay Gündoğan : In April 2014, he signed a new contract, to keep him at the club until 2016.
İlkay Gündoğan : In May 2012, he was selected by manager Joachim Löw for the German 23-man squad for UEFA Euro 2012 and was given the number two shirt.
İlkay Gündoğan : He scored his second goal in his next match, a friendly on 14 August at the Fritz-Walter-Stadion, Kaiserslautern, as Germany came from 0–2 down to draw 3–3 against Paraguay.
İlkay Gündoğan : On 11 October, he made his debut for Germany after coming on as a substitute for captain Philipp Lahm for the last six minutes of the 3–1 win against Belgium in a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying match at the Esprit Arena, Düsseldorf.
İlkay Gündoğan : He scored a brace and set up an Agüero goal against West Bromwich Albion in a 4–0 win at The Hawthorns on 29 October 2016.
İlkay Gündoğan : On 26 March 2013, Gündoğan scored his first goal for Germany in a 4–1 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Kazakhstan at the Frankenstadion, Nuremberg.
İlkay Gündoğan : He made his debut on 14 September, playing for the first time in four months in a UEFA Champions League group stage game at home to Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : The match ended with a 5-6 win for Arsenal.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : He spent two seasons on loan in the lower leagues, then returned to Legia for the 2009-10 season.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : On 30 May 2013 he signed a 3-year contract with FC Krasnodar, extending it by two-years in December 2014.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : In May 2018 he was named in Poland's preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : Jędrzejczyk has represented Poland at Euro 2016, appearing in all five games as a starting left-back, on their run to the quarter-final.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : Artur Marcin Jędrzejczyk (; born 4 November 1987) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Legia Warsaw.
Artur Jędrzejczyk : He joined Legia in August 2006 from Igloopol Dębica.
Luigi Sepe : After Italy qualified to the next round, he did not receive any call-ups again.
Luigi Sepe : In 2010–11 season, he was named in 2010–11 UEFA Europa League as list B member (U21 youth product), which he was the fourth keeper behind Morgan De Sanctis, Iezzo and Gianello.
Luigi Sepe : Luigi Sepe (born 8 May 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Parma as a goalkeeper.
Luigi Sepe : Sepe started three out of four matches for the Italy U18 team at the U18 Slovakia International Cup, ahead if Valerio Frasca in April 2009.
Luigi Sepe : He was the reserve keeper for Colombi at the 2010 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship qualification, and he also played once.
Luigi Sepe : On 10 July 2018, Sepe signed with Parma 0n loan until 30 June 2019.On 10 July 2019, the deal was made permanent.
Luigi Sepe : In both appearances, he replaced Simone Colombi for the second half, including versus Ukraine (born 1990 or later team).
Luigi Sepe : He was the fourth keeper behind Gennaro Iezzo, Nicolás Navarro and Matteo Gianello.
Zlatko Vujović : Zlatko Vujović (, ; born 26 August 1958) is a former Bosnian footballer who played as a striker.
Luca Zingaretti : On TV he appeared in :
Luca Zingaretti : The series, which started to run from 1999 and is still ongoing, consisted until 2018 of 32 films.
Luca Zingaretti : After his success he became one of the most in-demand dramatic actors in Italy appearing in such films as:
Luca Zingaretti :  - In 2003 Zingaretti was made a Knight of the Order of Merit of the Republic.
Luca Zingaretti : He is the older brother of politician Nicola Zingaretti.
Luca Zingaretti : In 2010 four new "Montalbano" episodes were produced, broadcast by RAI One 14 March 2011 and the three following Mondays.
Luca Zingaretti : He also appeared in the film "Il figlio più piccolo" ("The Younger Son"), directed by Pupi Avati and co-starring Christian De Sica.
Luca Zingaretti : He first gained critical attention with his role as the ferocious "Ottorino" in Marco Risi's 1994 film "Il branco" ("The Wolf Pack").
Luca Zingaretti : However, stardom arrived with his leading role as Commissario Salvo Montalbano, in a series of TV films, initially shown on RAI Two, and then RAI One, as well as many other European TV channels and SBS in Australia.
Luca Zingaretti : In 1996 he starred with Sabrina Ferilli in the film "Vite strozzate" ("Strangled Lives"), directed by Ricky Tognazzi.
Luca Zingaretti : In 2008 he appeared in four new "Montalbano" films, and in the same period adapted and directed the play "La Sirena", from a story by Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa.
Luca Zingaretti : In 2009 he continued to appear in the theatre and also worked on the film "Noi credevamo", directed by Mario Martone, and set during the reunification of Italy in which he played Francesco Crispi.
Luca Zingaretti : Zingaretti made his film debut in 1987 with a minor role in "Gli occhiali d'oro" ("The Gold-Rimmed Glasses") — directed by Giuliano Montaldo — and the same year first appeared on television in "Il Giudice Istruttore" ("The Investigating Magistrate)", directed by Florestano Vancini and Gianluigi Calderone.
Jonathan Erlich : He turned pro in 1996 at the age of 19.
Jonathan Erlich : Jonathan Dario "Yoni" Erlich (, born April 5, 1977) is a professional Israeli tennis player.
Lê Quang Liêm : The next year Le won the Under 14 division of the World Youth Chess Championship in July in Belfort, France.
Kuniya Daini : In 1974, he was selected Japan for 1974 Asian Games.
Siyabonga Nomvethe : He moved back to South Africa, signing on for Orlando Pirates.
Siyabonga Nomvethe : When Claremont Blizzards folded the following year, Nomvethe moved to African Wanderers in the second best South African league.
Siyabonga Nomvethe : In 2002, he was selected to play for South Africa at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Siyabonga Nomvethe : He made his presence clear when scoring the winning goal of the 1–0 win against Slovenia.
James Comey : When asked why thought he had been fired, he said he had been confused by the shifting explanations for it but that "I take the president at his word that I was fired because of the Russia investigation."
James Comey : In the same televised interview, Trump labelled Comey "a showboat" and "grandstander".
James Comey : He served on the board of directors of HSBC Holdings until July 2013.
James Comey : In that capacity, he was responsible for overseeing the FBI's investigation of the Hillary Clinton email controversy.
James Comey : James Brien Comey Jr. (; born December 14, 1960) is an American lawyer who was the 7th Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from 2013 until his dismissal in May 2017.
James Comey : Comey was the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York from January 2002 to December 2003, and the United States Deputy Attorney General from December 2003 to August 2005 in the administration of President George W. Bush.
James Comey : In September 2013, President Barack Obama appointed Comey to the position of Director of the FBI.
James Comey : Comey appointed Patrick Fitzgerald to be the Special Counsel to head the grand jury investigation into the Plame affair after Attorney General John Ashcroft recused himself.
James Comey : On June 8, 2017, Comey gave public testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee about his firing.
James Comey : In 2010, he became general counsel at Bridgewater Associates, based in Westport, Connecticut.
James Comey : His role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election was highly controversial.
James Comey : In early 2013, he left Bridgewater to become a Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia Law School.
Alessandro Cambalhota : Alessandro Andrade de Oliveira (born 27 May 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.
Rupert Everett : Everett was brought up as a Roman Catholic.
Rupert Everett : He is of English, Irish, Scottish, and more distant German and Dutch, ancestry.
Rupert Everett : During this time he also voiced the nefarious, but handsome villain Prince Charming in the first two "Shrek" sequels.
Rupert Everett : He first came to public attention in 1981, when he was cast in Julian Mitchell's play and subsequent film "Another Country" (1984) as a gay pupil at an English public school in the 1930s; the role earned him his first BAFTA Award nomination.
Rupert Everett : Between 2006 and 2010, Everett lived in New York City, but returned to London, because of his father's poor health.
Rupert Everett : In 2008, Everett purchased a home in the Central London district of Belgravia.
Rupert Everett : He has an older brother, Simon Anthony Cunningham Everett (born 1956).
Rupert Everett : His career was revitalised by his award-winning performance in "My Best Friend's Wedding" (1997), playing Julia Roberts's character's gay friend, followed by Madonna's character's best friend in "The Next Best Thing" (2000).
Rupert Everett : Rupert James Hector Everett (; born 29 May 1959) is an English actor, writer and singer.
Rupert Everett : His maternal grandfather, Vice Admiral Sir Hector Charles Donald MacLean, was a nephew of Scottish military man Hector Lachlan Stewart MacLean, who received the Victoria Cross.
Rupert Everett : His maternal grandmother, Opre Vyvyan, was a descendant of the baronets Vyvyan of Trelowarren and the German "Freiherr" (Baron) von Schmiedern.
Rupert Everett : In 2015 it was announced that he would play the part of Philippe Achille, Marquis de Feron, the corrupt Governor of Paris, Head of the Red Guard and illegitimate brother to Louis XIII in the third series of the BBC One drama "The Musketeers".
Marc Ribot : born May 21, 1954) is an American guitarist and composer.
Marc Ribot : He has appeared on Elvis Costello's "Spike" (1989), "Mighty Like a Rose" (1991), and "Kojak Variety" (1995).
Marc Ribot : Further releases found him working in a variety of band and solo contexts including two albums with his self-described "dance band", Marc Ribot y Los Cubanos Postizos (Prosthetic Cubans), featuring compositions by Arsenio Rodríguez.
Marc Ribot : He has performed and recorded with Tom Waits, Caetano Veloso, John Zorn, David Sylvian, Jack McDuff, Wilson Pickett, The Lounge Lizards, Arto Lindsay, T-Bone Burnett, Medeski, Martin and Wood, Cibo Matto, Sam Phillips, Elvis Costello, Tift Merritt, Allen Ginsberg, Foetus, Robert Plant & Alison Krauss, Susana Baca, The Black Keys, Vinicio Capossela, Alain Bashung, McCoy Tyner, Elton John, Madeleine Peyroux, Marianne Faithfull, Diana Krall, Mike Patton, Stormin’ Norman & Suzy Williams, Neko Case, Joe Henry, Allen Toussaint, Ikue Mori and others.
Marc Ribot : Ribot has appeared on numerous recordings by John Zorn, including many of Zorn's "Filmworks" recordings, solo performances on Zorn's "Masada Guitars" (also featuring Bill Frisell and Tim Sparks), and is a member of Zorn's Bar Kokhba Sextet and Electric Masada.
Jaime Duarte : Jaime Eduardo Duarte Huerta (born 27 February 1955) is a retired Peruvian professional football defender.
Jaime Duarte : Duarte also played for Sport Boys, San Agustín in Peru and Deportivo Italia in Venezuela
Luis Miguel Ramis : On 24 June 2018, Ramis signed as manager of second division club Albacete Balompié.
Luis Miguel Ramis : Luis Miguel Ramis Monfort (born 25 July 1970) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender, and the coach of Albacete Balompié.
Luis Miguel Ramis : On 5 January 2016, after Zinedine Zidane was promoted to the first team following the sacking of Rafael Benítez, Ramis was appointed as head coach of Real Madrid Castilla.
Luis Miguel Ramis : Born in Tarragona, Catalonia, Ramis started his career with hometown club Gimnàstic de Tarragona and, already in his 20s, joined Real Madrid's reserves.
Isaías Samakuva : He was an official UNITA ambassador in Europe from 1989 to 1994 and again from 1998 to 2002.
Isaías Samakuva : He was elected to a seat in the National Assembly in that election, but UNITA performed poorly, winning only 16 out of 220 seats.
Isaías Samakuva : Isaías Henrique Ngola Samakuva (born 8 July 1946) is an Angolan politician who has been the President of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) since June 2003.
Isaías Samakuva : The UNITA Permanent Committee subsequently met to consider the outcome of the election and Samakuva's leadership, and on 19 September 2008 it said in a statement that it "reaffirm[ed] its confidence" in Samakuva, blaming the party's poor showing primarily on abuses by the governing Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).
Isaías Samakuva : Despite the party's objections to problems in the electoral process, Samakuva announced on 8 September 2008 that UNITA accepted the election results.
Jorge Socías : Jorge Luis Socías Tuset (born 26 October 1950) is a Chilean former footballer.
Jeremy Sheffield : However, his ballet career ended at the age of 27 due to a broken toe and torn ligament.
Jeremy Sheffield : He appeared as a dancer in Queen's music video for "I Want to Break Free" in 1984, performing in a pastiche of the ballet "L'après-midi d'un faune".
Jeremy Sheffield : In January 2010, he took part in ITV show "Dancing on Ice" alongside professional skater Susie Lipanova.
Jeremy Sheffield : He had a supporting role in the 2005 film "The Wedding Date" alongside Debra Messing and Dermot Mulroney.
Pat Cox : Cox first came to prominence as a journalist, then a presenter with RTÉ's "Today Tonight", a four-nights-a-week current affairs programme which dominated the Irish television schedules in the 1980s.
Pat Cox : On 20 May 2004, Cox was awarded the Charlemagne Prize ("Karlspreis") for his achievements with regard to the enlargement of the European Union and for his work in promoting greater EU democratisation.
Pat Cox : Following Desmond O'Malley's retirement from the party leadership in 1993, Cox stood for election to the post but was beaten by Mary Harney.
Pat Cox : At the 1992 general election Cox was also elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork South-Central.
Pat Cox : Cox was elected an MEP in 1989 for the constituency of Munster, representing the Progressive Democrats (PDs).
Pat Cox : Patrick Cox (born 28 November 1952) is an Irish politician and former television current affairs presenter.
Robbie Williams : However, that would imply that I enjoy having a particular sort of fun, which I don't."
Robbie Williams : This will probably be the last Williams album released by EMI.
Robbie Williams : In 2004, he was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame, after being voted as the Greatest artist of the 1990s.
Robbie Williams : 1 on the German Albums Chart for 38 weeks since 2000.
Robbie Williams : His debut album, "Life thru a Lens", was released in September 1997.
Robbie Williams : On 14 June 2018, Williams performed at the 2018 FIFA World Cup opening ceremony held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia.
Robbie Williams : In February 2009, it was confirmed that Williams had written material with Guy Chambers and Mark Ronson.
Robbie Williams : In October 2003, Williams released a live album of the concerts, "Live at Knebworth".
Robbie Williams : In May 2016, it was announced that Williams had signed a recording contract with Sony Music.
Robbie Williams : A spokesman said that Williams was planning to begin the recording sessions in March and that the new album would be released in late 2009.
Robbie Williams : I look forward to working on this album, which is an album I’m immensely proud of, in this exciting new partnership with Sony Music."
Robbie Williams : His records sales stands at over 77 million worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time.
Robbie Williams : In September 2013, Williams announced a follow up to his 2001 swing album, titled "Swings Both Ways" for release in November.
Robbie Williams : Williams was born on 13 February 1974 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England.
Robbie Williams : The album features covers and original songs, whilst also including duet recordings with Michael Bublé, Olly Murs, Rufus Wainright, Lily Allen and Kelly Clarkson.
Robbie Williams : Robert Peter Williams (born 13 February 1974) is an English singer-songwriter and entertainer.
John Zerzan : He rejects not only the state, but all forms of hierarchical and authoritarian relations.
John Zerzan : On May 7, 1995, a full-page interview with Zerzan was featured in "The New York Times".
John Zerzan : He received his bachelor's degree from Stanford University and later received a master's degree in History from San Francisco State University.
John Zerzan : Some subjects of his criticism include domestication, language, symbolic thought (such as mathematics and art) and the concept of time.
John Zerzan : John Zerzan ( ; born August 10, 1943) is an American anarchist and primitivist ecophilosopher and author.
John Zerzan : His works criticize agricultural civilization as inherently oppressive, and advocates drawing upon the ways of life of hunter-gatherers as an inspiration for what a free society should look like.
John Zerzan : Crucially, the category of primitives is restricted to pure hunter-gatherer societies with no domesticated plants or animals.
John Zerzan : He portrays contemporary society as a world of misery built on the psychological production of a sense of scarcity and lack.
John Zerzan : According to Zerzan, original human societies in paleolithic times, and similar societies today such as the !Kung and Mbuti, live a non-alienated and non-oppressive form of life based on primitive abundance and closeness to nature.
John Zerzan : His six major books are "Elements of Refusal" (1988), "Future Primitive and Other Essays" (1994), "Running on Emptiness" (2002), "" (2005), "Twilight of the Machines" (2008), and "Why hope?
John Zerzan : Constructing such societies as an instructive comparison against which to denounce contemporary (especially industrial) societies, Zerzan uses anthropological studies from such societies as the basis for a wide-ranging critique of aspects of modern life.
John Zerzan : Zerzan's claims about the status of primitive societies are based on a certain reading of the works of anthropologists such as Marshall Sahlins and Richard B. Lee.
John Zerzan : Zerzan is an anarchist philosopher, and is broadly associated with the philosophies of anarcho-primitivism, green anarchism, anti-civilisation, post-left anarchy, neo-luddism, and in particular the critique of technology.
John Zerzan : Zerzan's work relies heavily on a strong dualism between the "primitive" – viewed as non-alienated, wild, non-hierarchical, ludic, and socially egalitarian – and the "civilised" – viewed as alienated, domesticated, hierarchically organised and socially discriminatory.
Alberto Del Rio : They were interrupted by the "Los Perros del Mal" stable.
Alberto Del Rio : On September 9, WWE officially announced that they had come to terms with his release from the company.
Alberto Del Rio : In 1997, he placed third at the World Junior Championships, in the Czech Republic.
Alberto Del Rio : He later also revealed that as part of his departure from WWE, Del Rio was banned from wrestling in the United States for one year.
Alberto Del Rio : Over the next couple of years, Caras worked both in Mexico and Japan to gain experience in the ring.
Alberto Del Rio : Over the next year Caras found himself without much direction, he worked storylines with Último Guerrero and Kenzo Suzuki but nothing long term came of it.
Alberto Del Rio : On August 18, 2016, Rodríguez was suspended for thirty days for his first violation of WWE's wellness policy.
Alberto Del Rio : He also won the Central American and Caribbean Games in his weight division three times and won a medal at the Pan American Games.
Alberto Del Rio : He earned a place on the Mexico national team in Greco-Roman wrestling and while competing on the national team obtained several accomplishments.
Alberto Del Rio : After the match, Van Dam attacked Del Rio and executed the "Van Terminator".
Alberto Del Rio : While in wrestling promotions outside of Mexico the Heavyweight title would indicate that he was the top man in the federation, Mexican wrestling promotions tend to put more emphasis on the lower weight divisions over the heavyweights.
Alberto Del Rio : The next night on "Raw", Del Rio suffered a torn groin muscle, which required surgery and sidelined him for four to six weeks.
Alberto Del Rio : After the contract dealings with WWE surfaced he began showing signs of becoming a "rudo" (villain).
Alberto Del Rio : At the pay-per-view, Del Rio was unsuccessful as the match was won by Dean Ambrose.
Alberto Del Rio : The show ended with El Patrón attacking "Los Perros del Mal" leader El Hijo del Perro Aguayo, after his win in the main event.
Alberto Del Rio : Caras's run with the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship remained largely uneventful with only four title defenses in the 533 days that he held the championship, before losing it and departing for WWE.
Alberto Del Rio : He also won the 2011 Royal Rumble and the 2011 Money in the Bank ladder match, making him the only professional wrestler to win both in the same calendar year.
Alberto Del Rio : Over the following months conflicting reports of whether he had signed or not arose, but he remained CMLL World Heavyweight Champion.
Alberto Del Rio : Reportedly, Rodríguez was unhappy with WWE, claiming he had been given empty promises, including a main event push, when he made his return in October 2015.
Alberto Del Rio : After one of the members laid his hands on Caras, El Patrón ran after the stable and cleared house, while officials reminded him that he has the no-compete clause from the WWE.
Alberto Del Rio : In 2005, Caras was signed to a contract with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).
Alberto Del Rio : Rodríguez was on track to compete at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, but due to a lack of funding and support, Mexico did not send a wrestling team that year.
Alberto Del Rio : Rodríguez graduated from Universidad Autónoma de San Luis Potosí where he earned a degree in architecture.
Alberto Del Rio : He also won against Heavy Metal and Apolo Dantés to gain a place in the final, defeating Héctor Garza to win the prize.
Alberto Del Rio : However, he remained with CMLL and stated that he signed a four-year deal and chose CMLL because they offered him a better deal than WWE.
Alberto Del Rio : Born in San Luis Potosí into one of the most well known Mexican wrestling families, his father is noted luchador Dos Caras, while his uncles are Mil Máscaras and Sicodelico.
Alberto Del Rio : Rodríguez also stated that for the moment he was under a 90-day no-compete clause, which would prevent him from wrestling for AAA.
Alberto Del Rio : The following year on March 31, 2006 Caras was entered again into the "La Copa Junior" tournament and earned a return victory over Dr. Wagner Jr. who knocked him out of the tournament the previous year.
Alberto Del Rio : After not competing at the 2000 Olympic games, Rodríguez turned to the family business, and trained with his father to become a professional wrestler.
Alberto Del Rio : Growing up in a family of wrestlers Rodríguez decided to take up Greco-Roman wrestling, training under Leonel Kolesni and Juan Fernández.
Alberto Del Rio : In early September 2014, Rodríguez's lawyers had resolved his issues with WWE and he was no longer restricted by the 90-day no-compete clause.
Alberto Del Rio : With the win, Rodríguez became the first wrestler to have held both the CMLL and AAA world heavyweight championships.
Alberto Del Rio : Del Rio lost several matches over the following weeks and was fired from WWE on August 7, due to "unprofessional conduct" following an altercation with an employee who allegedly made a racist joke.
Alberto Del Rio : On the April 28 episode of "SmackDown", the group officially disbanded after Del Rio and Rusev walked out on Sheamus during a six-man tag match against Kalisto, Cesaro and Sami Zayn.
Alberto Del Rio : On October 23 at Vengeance, Del Rio successfully defended the WWE Championship against John Cena in a Last Man Standing match, after The Miz and R-Truth interfered.
Alberto Del Rio : While working in Japan, Caras had taken to teaming with another second-generation wrestler, Lizmark Jr., and when both found themselves in CMLL they were teamed up once again with the team's famous fathers being the selling point.
Alberto Del Rio : José Alberto Rodríguez (born May 25, 1977), is a Mexican-American professional wrestler, promoter and mixed martial artist.
Alberto Del Rio : Del Rio returned on the June 18 episode of "Raw", defeating United States Champion Santino Marella in a non-title match.
Alberto Del Rio : On November 28, Ricardo Rodriguez made his AAA debut, once again becoming Alberto's personal ring announcer.
Alberto Del Rio : On August 11, 2014, AAA announced that after bring fired by WWE, Rodríguez would be returning to the promotion at Triplemanía XXII.
Alberto Del Rio : On August 17 at Triplemanía XXII, El Patrón and his father Dos Caras appeared to open the show, speaking on coming to AAA and addressing WWE, claiming that the company was racist.
Alberto Del Rio : By the fall of 2008, a story broke that Rodríguez had wrestled a dark match for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and that they had offered him a contract.
Alberto Del Rio : Six days later at the Royal Rumble, Del Rio entered the Rumble match at number 27 and performed well, but was eliminated by Batista who went on to win the match.
Alberto Del Rio : At WrestleMania XXX, Alberto Del Rio participated in the Andre the Giant memorial battle royal and made a number of eliminations before being eliminated by Sheamus.
Alberto Del Rio : In Mexico he worked exclusively for AAA making appearances at shows such as the 2002 "Verano de Escándalo", where he teamed with El Gronda and El Hijo del Solitario to defeat the trio of Pirata Morgan, Sangre Chicana and El Brazo.
Alberto Del Rio : On the June 27 episode of "Raw", Del Rio defeated Show in a steel cage match, again after interference from Henry.
Alberto Del Rio : The next night on "Raw", Del Rio lost to Ricardo Rodriguez after Vickie Guerrero announced his Hell in a Cell opponent as John Cena.
Alberto Del Rio : At Battleground he participated in a battle royal for the vacant Intercontinental Championship but was eliminated by Dolph Ziggler.
Alberto Del Rio : On the December 31 episode of "Raw", Show chose to defend his title against Ricardo Rodriguez.
Alberto Del Rio : On the July 4 episode of "SmackDown", Del Rio unsuccessfully challenged Sheamus for the United States Championship.
Alberto Del Rio : He defeated Ziggler on the July 7 episode of "Raw" to earn another United States Championship opportunity against Sheamus, but was again unsuccessful after a Last Man Standing match the following night on "Main Event".
Alberto Del Rio : Caras received two opportunities to challenge Universo 2000 for the CMLL World Heavyweight title but came up short until his third attempt on July 8, 2007 when he became the CMLL World Heavyweight Champion.
Alberto Del Rio : On the May 26 episode of "SmackDown", Del Rio defeated Zack Ryder to qualify for the 2016 Money in the Bank ladder match.
Alberto Del Rio : The next night on "Raw", Del Rio once again lost to Orton in a two-out-of-three-falls match, ending the feud.
Alberto Del Rio : On November 1, 2014, Rodríguez, working under the ring name "Alberto", made his debut for the Japanese Wrestle-1 promotion, defeating Masakatsu Funaki.
Alberto Del Rio : On December 11, 2014, Ring of Honor (ROH) announced that Rodríguez, billed as "Alberto El Patrón", had signed to make his debut for the promotion on January 3, 2015.
Alberto Del Rio : On December 7 at Guerra de Titanes, Alberto defeated El Texano Jr. to become the new AAA Mega Champion.
Alberto Del Rio : On the May 11 episode of "Impact Wrestling", he defeated Magnus to win the GFW Global Championship.
Alberto Del Rio : In a press conference on August 14, Rodríguez acknowledged that WWE owned the Alberto Del Rio name and also revealed that he would be working for AAA under the new ring name El Patrón ("The Boss").
Alberto Del Rio : In his first test in the company, Caras competed in the 2005 "La Copa Junior", but the storyline of the tournament saw him defeated in the semi-final by Dr. Wagner Jr. Caras's advancement to the semi-final of the cup, mere months after signing with the company was an indicator that the bookers were interested in elevating him up the rankings, this was further supported when he received matches for both the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship and the CMLL World Light Heavyweight Championship inside a three-week period.
Alberto Del Rio : On September 14, Rodríguez, now billed as "El Patrón Alberto", made his AAA in-ring return teaming with Myzteziz and La Parka in a six-man tag team main event, where they defeated Aguayo, Averno and El Texano Jr. Alberto then began feuding with El Texano Jr. over the AAA Mega Championship.
Alberto Del Rio : At Slammiversary, El Patron defeated Lashley to unify the GFW Global Championship and the Impact Wrestling Championship.
Ted Turner : He has five children.
Ted Turner : He became a member of Kappa Sigma.
Ted Turner : As cable systems developed, many carried his station to free their schedules, which increased his viewers and advertising.
Ted Turner : He resigned as Time Warner vice chairman in 2003 and then from the board of directors in 2006.
Ted Turner : At the time, UHF stations did well only in markets without VHF stations, like Fresno, California, or in markets with only one station on VHF.
Ted Turner : When he was nine, his family moved to Savannah, Georgia.
Ted Turner : In the same year he created Captain Planet, an environmental superhero.
Ted Turner : Turner produced two TV series with him as featured character.
Ted Turner : In the late 1960s, Turner began buying Southern radio stations.
Ted Turner : Despite opposition by film aficionados, stars, and directors, the movie won over a section of the public, and Turner colorized most of the films he had owned.
Ted Turner : The number of subscribers eventually reached 2 million and Turner's net worth rose to $100 million.
Ted Turner : He attended The McCallie School, a private boys' preparatory school in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Ted Turner : He was the largest private landowner in the United States until John C. Malone surpassed him in 2011.
Ted Turner : However, the burst of the dotcom bubble hurt the growth and profitability of the AOL division, which in turn dragged down the combined company's performance and stock price.
Ted Turner : TNT used World Championship Wrestling (WCW) to attract a broader audience.
Ted Turner : As a philanthropist, he is known for his $1 billion gift to support the United Nations, which created the United Nations Foundation, a public charity to broaden domestic support for the UN.
Ted Turner : Turner later changed his major to Economics, but before receiving a degree, he was expelled for having a female student in his dormitory room.
Ted Turner : Also in 1988, he introduced Turner Network Television (TNT) with "Gone with the Wind."
Ted Turner : Totaling , his land-holdings across America make Turner one of the largest individual landowners in North America (by acreage).
Ted Turner : Turner was born on November 19, 1938 in Cincinnati, Ohio, the son of Florence (née Rooney) and Robert Edward Turner II, a billboard magnate.
Ted Turner : In 1990, he created the Turner Foundation, which focuses on philanthropic grants in environment and population.
Ted Turner : In 2010, Turner joined Warren Buffett's The Giving Pledge, vowing to donate the majority of his fortune to charity upon his death.
Ted Turner : TNT, initially showing older movies and television shows, added original programs and newer reruns.
Ted Turner : In 2001, under AOL Time Warner, it was sold to the World Wrestling Federation.
Ted Turner : Turner has been married and divorced three times: to Judy Nye (1960–64), Jane Shirley Smith (1965–88), and actress Jane Fonda (1991–2001).
Ted Turner : Turner Entertainment Co. was established in August 1986 to oversee film and TV properties owned by Turner.
Ted Turner : He uses much of his land for ranches to re-popularize bison meat (for his Ted's Montana Grill chain), amassing the largest herd in the world.
Ted Turner : Initially, the station ran old movies from the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, along with theatrical cartoons and very old sitcoms and old drama shows.
Ted Turner : In the mid-1980s, Turner became a force for the colorization of black-and-white films.
Ted Turner : He bought a plantation in Jacksonboro, South Carolina, for $2 million.
Ted Turner : Through Turner Enterprises, he owns 15 ranches in Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and South Dakota.
Ted Turner : Following his father's March 1963 suicide, Turner became president and chief executive of Turner Advertising Company when he was 24 and turned the firm into a global enterprise.
Ted Turner : Turner attended Brown University and was vice-president of the Brown Debating Union and captain of the sailing team.
Ted Turner : In 1985, the film "Yankee Doodle Dandy" became the first black-and-white movie redistributed in color after computer coloring.
Ted Turner : In 1976, the FCC allowed WTCG to use a satellite to transmit content to local cable TV providers around the nation.
Ted Turner : from Brown University in November 1989 when he returned to campus to keynote the National Association of College Broadcasters second annual conference.
Ted Turner : After leaving Brown University, Turner returned to the South in late 1960 to become general manager of the Macon, Georgia branch of his father's business.
Ted Turner : Turner Communications Group was renamed Turner Broadcasting System and WTCG was renamed WTBS.
Ted Turner : Robert Edward Turner III (born November 19, 1938) is an American media proprietor, producer, and philanthropist.
Ted Turner : On December 17, 1976, the rechristened WTCG-TV Super-Station began to broadcast old movies, situation comedy reruns, cartoons, and sports nationwide to cable-TV subscribers.
Ted Turner : In 1992, the pre-May 1986 MGM library, which also included Warner Bros. properties including the early "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" libraries and also the Fleischer Studios and Famous Studios "Popeye" cartoons from Paramount (and then United Artists), became the core of Cartoon Network.
Ted Turner : On January 11, 2001, Time Warner was purchased by AOL to become AOL Time Warner, a merger which Turner initially supported.
Ted Turner : Since its launch in late 1994, Turner Classic Movies (TCM) broadcast the older MGM, Warner Bros., and RKO libraries.
Ted Turner : After a failed attempt to acquire CBS, Turner purchased the film studio MGM/UA Entertainment Co. from Kirk Kerkorian in 1986 for $1.5 billion.
Ted Turner : In 1969, he sold his radio stations to buy a struggling television station in Atlanta, WJRJ, Channel 17.
Ted Turner : At a board meeting in fall 2001, Turner's outburst against AOL Time Warner CEO Gerald Levin eventually led to the Levin's announced resignation effective in early 2002, being replaced by Richard Parsons.
Ted Turner : In 1978, Turner struck a deal with a student-operated radio station at MIT, Technology Broadcasting System, to obtain the rights to the WTBS call sign for $50,000.
Ted Turner : Turner was dropped as head of cable networks by CEO Gerald Levin but remained as Vice Chairman of Time Warner.
Roy Thomas : Fury Special" #2.
Roy Thomas : "It's probably a good thing I already had my job at Marvel at that point!
Roy Thomas : Thomas estimates that Lee rewrote approximately half of that fledgling attempt.
Roy Thomas : His Marvel debut was the romance-comics story "Whom Can I Turn To?"
Roy Thomas : I think I was the right person in the right place at the right time, but there are other people who, had they been there, might have been just as right."
Roy Thomas : He used the series to address the complicated and sometimes contradictory continuity issues surrounding the JSA.
Roy Thomas : Additionally, he began writing more for other media, including television, and relaunched "Alter Ego" as a formal magazine published by TwoMorrows Publishing in 1999.
Roy Thomas : He graduated from Southeast Missouri State University in 1961 with a BS in Education, having majored in history and social science.
Roy Thomas : Thomas realized a childhood dream in writing the Justice Society of America (JSA).
Roy Thomas : "I worked at DC for eight days in late June and very early July of 1965" before accepting a job at Marvel Comics.
Roy Thomas : During the following decade, Thomas began working less for Marvel and DC than for independent companies.
Roy Thomas : He launched such new titles as the "non-team" "The Defenders", as well as "What If", a title that explored alternate histories.
Roy Thomas : Thomas had already written a "Jimmy Olsen" script "a few months before, while still living and teaching in the St. Louis area," he said in 2005.
Roy Thomas : The first of these was "All-Giant Comics", which he recalls as having featured such characters as Elephant Giant.
Roy Thomas : "When Stan saw the couple of Charlton stories I'd written earlier in more of a Gardner Fox style, he wasn't too impressed," Thomas recalled.
Roy Thomas : Thomas took on what would be his first long-term Marvel title, the World War II series "Sgt.
Roy Thomas : Roy William Thomas Jr. (born November 22, 1940) is an American comic book writer and editor, who was Stan Lee's first successor as editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics.
Roy Thomas : As a solo writer, Roy Thomas wrote "Wonder Woman" and, with artist Gene Colan, updated the character's costume and introduced a new supervillainess, the Silver Swan.
Roy Thomas : in the "Millie the Model" spin-off "Modeling with Millie" #44 (Dec. 1965) – for which the credits and the logo were inadvertently left off due to a production glitch, resulting in this being left off most credit lists.
Roy Thomas : Thomas serves on the Disbursement Committee of the comic-book industry charity The Hero Initiative.
Roy Thomas : Thomas returned to Red Sonja in 2006, writing the one-shot "Red Sonja: Monster Isle" for Dynamite Entertainment.
Roy Thomas : Reviving the Golden Age group in "Justice League of America" #193 and continuing in "All-Star Squadron", he wrote retro adventures, like those of The Invaders, set in World War II.
Roy Thomas : While efforts to save it failed – the title ended its initial run with #66 – Thomas' collaboration with artist Neal Adams through #63 (Dec. 1969) is regarded as a Silver Age creative highlight.
Roy Thomas : That notable run was marked by a strong sense of continuity, and stories that ranged from the personal to the cosmic – the latter most prominently with the "Kree-Skrull War" in issues #89–97 (June 1971 – March 1972).
Roy Thomas : In addition, he indulged his love of Golden Age comic-book heroes in the World War II-set superhero series "The Invaders".
Roy Thomas : Conway also contributed ideas to the funny animal comic "Captain Carrot and His Amazing Zoo Crew!
Roy Thomas : Thomas, who had turned over "X-Men" to other writers, returned with issue #55 (April 1969) when the series was on the verge of cancellation.
Roy Thomas : Thomas, then a high school English teacher, took over as editor in 1964 when Bails moved on to other pursuits.
Roy Thomas : In 1972, when Lee became Marvel's publisher, Thomas succeeded him as editor-in-chief.
Roy Thomas : In 1965, Thomas moved to New York City to take a job at DC Comics as assistant to Mort Weisinger, then the editor of the Superman titles.
Roy Thomas : As a child, he was a devoted comic book fan, and in grade school he wrote and drew his own comics for distribution to friends and family.
Roy Thomas : In 1983, Thomas and artist Jerry Ordway created "Infinity, Inc.", a group composed of the JSA's children.
Roy Thomas : Thomas is also known for his championing of Golden Age comic-book heroes – particularly the 1940s superhero team the Justice Society of America – and for lengthy writing stints on Marvel's "X-Men" and "The Avengers", and DC Comics' "All-Star Squadron", among other titles.
Roy Thomas : To that point, editor-in-chief Lee had been the main writer of Marvel publications, with his brother, Larry Lieber, often picking up the slack scripting Lee-plotted stories.
Roy Thomas : Fury and his Howling Commandos", starting with #29 (April 1966) and continuing through #41 (April 1967) and the series' 1966 annual, "Sgt.
Roy Thomas : In 1981, after several years of freelancing for Marvel and a dispute with then editor-in-chief Jim Shooter, Thomas signed a three-year exclusive writing/editing contract with DC.
Roy Thomas : Thomas' first Marvel superhero scripting was "My Life for Yours", the "Iron Man" feature in "Tales of Suspense" #73 (Jan. 1966), working from a Lee plot as well as a plot assist from secretary Steinberg.
Roy Thomas : Thomas became an early and active member of Silver Age comic book fandom when it organized in the early 1960s – primarily around Jerry Bails, whose enthusiasm for the rebirth of superhero comics during that period led Bails to found the fanzine "Alter Ego", an early focal point of fandom.
Roy Thomas : He is possibly best known for introducing the pulp magazine hero Conan the Barbarian to American comics, with a series that added to the storyline of Robert E. Howard's character and helped launch a sword and sorcery trend in comics.
Roy Thomas : Two previously written freelance stories for Charlton Comics also saw print: "The Second Trojan War" in "Son of Vulcan" #50 (Jan. 1966) and "The Eye of Horus" in "Blue Beetle" #54 (March 1966).
Roy Thomas : Thomas' earliest Marvel work also included the teen-romance title "Patsy and Hedy" #104–105 (Feb.-April 1966), and two "Doctor Strange" stories, plotted by Lee and Steve Ditko, in "Strange Tales" #143–144 (April–May 1966).
Roy Thomas : In addition to the JSA's high-profile heroes, Thomas revived such characters as Liberty Belle, Johnny Quick, the Shining Knight, Robotman, Firebrand, the Tarantula, and Neptune Perkins.
Roy Thomas : In 1971, with Stan Lee and Gerry Conway, Thomas created Man-Thing and wrote the first Man-Thing story in color comics, after Conway and Len Wein had introduced the character in the black-and-white comics magazine "Savage Tales".
Roy Thomas : He also began writing the mutant-superteam title "[Uncanny] X-Men" from #20–43 (May 1966 – April 1968), and, finally, took over "The Avengers", starting with #35 (Dec. 1966), and continuing until 1972.
Roy Thomas : Thomas soon became the first new Marvel writer to sustain a presence, at a time when comics veterans such as Robert Bernstein, Ernie Hart, Leon Lazarus, and Don Rico, and fellow newcomers Steve Skeates (hired a couple of weeks earlier) and O'Neil (brought in at Thomas' recommendation a few months later) did not.
Roy Thomas : He went on to script titles starring Doctor Strange, Thor, the Avengers West Coast, and Conan, often co-scripting with Dann Thomas or Jean-Marc Lofficier.
Rob Lowe : Lowe married Sheryl Berkoff in 1991.
Rob Lowe : In 1988, Lowe was involved in a sex scandal over a videotape of him having sex with a 16-year-old girl he met in a nightclub.
Rob Lowe : Due to his "low carb lifestyle", Lowe was selected for a series of multimedia ads that were still airing throughout 2019.
Rob Lowe : Robert Hepler Lowe (; born March 17, 1964) is an American actor, producer, and director.
Rob Lowe : His other television roles include Robert McCallister on the ABC drama "Brothers & Sisters" (2006–2010), Chris Traeger on the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" (2010–2014), Ethan Willis on the CBS medical drama "Code Black" (2015–2018), and the A&E reality series "The Lowe Files" (2017), in which he appears with his two sons, Matthew and John Owen.
Walter Block : From 1979 to 1991, Block was the senior economist with the Fraser Institute.
Walter Block : He argues that his position shows "that contract, predicated on private property [can] reach to the furthest realms of human interaction, even to voluntary slave contracts."
Walter Block : Block seeks to make "a tiny adjustment" which "strengthens libertarianism by making it more internally consistent."
Walter Block : In an interview, Block stated, "In the fifties and sixties, I was just another commie living in Brooklyn."
Walter Block : Walter Edward Block (born August 21, 1941) is an American Austrian School economist and anarcho-capitalist theorist.
Walter Block : Block earned his Ph.D. degree in economics from Columbia University and wrote his dissertation on rent control in the United States under Gary Becker.
Walter Block : Butt School of Business at Loyola University New Orleans, and is a senior fellow of the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn, Alabama.
Walter Block : Block was born in Brooklyn, New York to Jewish parents Abraham Block, a certified public accountant, and Ruth Block, a paralegal, both of whom Block has said were liberals.
Walter Block : Block credits his shift to libertarianism to his having attended a lecture by Ayn Rand while he was an undergraduate student.
Walter Block : Block later attended a luncheon with Rand, Nathaniel Branden, and Leonard Peikoff at which Branden suggested that Block read "Atlas Shrugged" by Ayn Rand and "Economics in One Lesson" by Henry Hazlitt.
Walter Block : He now holds the Harold E. Wirth Eminent Scholar Endowed Chair in Economics at the Butt College of Business, Loyola University, in New Orleans.
Chris Atkinson : He finished 12th overall in the drivers' world championship with 13 points.
Chris Atkinson : For 2005, he was signed by Subaru World Rally Team to drive the Subaru Impreza WRC alongside 2003 world champion Petter Solberg.
Chris Atkinson : Chris Atkinson (born 30 November 1979 in Bega, New South Wales, Australia) is a professional rally driver.
Chris Atkinson : Atkinson's first world rally was the 2004 Rally New Zealand in a Subaru Impreza WRX STI.
Chris Atkinson : In April 2010, Chris Atkinson began a partnership with the Proton R3 Rally Team.
Chris Atkinson : Atkinson competed in an Australian-run Skoda in the 2012 FIA Asia-Pacific Rally Championship, driving for the MRF team in a Skoda Fabia S2000, co-driven by regular wingman Stephane Prevot and the pair were crowned 2012 FIA Asia-Pacific Rally Champions.
Chris Atkinson : After making a guest appearance at the Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC) Monte Carlo Rally, Atkinson has dominated the 2011 APRC, winning the Malaysian Rally, Rallye de Nouvelle Caledonia and the International Rally of Whangarei.
Chris Atkinson : His best finish on an individual WRC event is second, which he achieved at the 2008 Rally México and Rally Argentina.
Chris Atkinson : His best results were third in Japan and fourth in Australia.
Ryan Phillippe : They ended their relationship in 2016.
Ryan Phillippe : He graduated from New Castle Christian Academy in Wilmington, Delaware.
Ryan Phillippe : Phillippe has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do.
Ryan Phillippe : He starred in the lead role of Bob Lee Swagger in the USA Network thriller drama "Shooter".
Ryan Phillippe : Phillippe and Witherspoon married on June 5, 1999, in a small ceremony at Old Wide Awake Plantation near Charleston, South Carolina, when Witherspoon was six months pregnant.
Ryan Phillippe : Matthew Ryan Phillippe (; born September 10, 1974) is an American actor.
Ryan Phillippe : Phillippe was born in New Castle, Delaware.
Ryan Phillippe : In 2006, Phillippe played real-life Navy corpsman John Bradley in the war film "Flags of Our Fathers", directed by Clint Eastwood and following the journey of the United States Marines who lifted the flag at the Battle of Iwo Jima.
Ryan Phillippe : After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera "One Life to Live", he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films, including "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "Cruel Intentions", and "54".
Ryan Phillippe : His mother, Susan, ran a day care center in the family's house, and his father, Richard Phillippe, was a chemist.
Ryan Phillippe : Phillipe and Witherspoon's daughter Ava Elizabeth Phillippe, named after actress Ava Gardner, was born on September 9, 1999 Their son was born in 2003.
Ryan Phillippe : The film was a success, and led to Phillippe gaining wider renown and being cast in a few more high-profile films, including "54" in 1998 opposite Neve Campbell, Salma Hayek and Mike Myers.
Ryan Phillippe : In the 2000s, he appeared in several films, including "Gosford Park" (2001), "Crash" (2004), "Flags of Our Fathers" (2006), "Breach" (2007), "Stop-Loss" (2008), "MacGruber" (2010), and "The Lincoln Lawyer" (2011).
Ryan Phillippe : He was cast in the 1997 horror film, "I Know What You Did Last Summer", which co-starred Sarah Michelle Gellar, Freddie Prinze, Jr. and Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Michael Frontzeck : He was sacked on 1 December 2018.
Michael Frontzeck : He was appointed the new head coach of Hannover 96 on 20 April 2015.
Michael Frontzeck : FC Kaiserslautern, replacing Jeff Strasser.
Michael Frontzeck : On 3 October 2012, he was named new manager of FC St. Pauli replacing André Schubert.
Michael Frontzeck : Michael Frontzeck (born 26 March 1964) is a German football coach and former footballer.
Michael Frontzeck : Frontzeck started as assistant coach of Borussia Mönchengladbach from 2000 to 2003 and for Hannover 96 from 2004 to 2005.
Michael Frontzeck : On 3 June 2009, Borussia Mönchengladbach announced Frontzeck's return to the team as new head coach.
Michael Frontzeck : Frontzeck began his career in the Bundesliga in 1982 with Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Camané : Camané (born Carlos Manuel Moutinho Paiva dos Santos Duarte, 20 December 1966 in Oeiras) is a male vocalist and a forerunner of the new generation of fado male singers.
Malik Allen : Malik Omar Allen (born June 27, 1978) is a former American professional basketball player, currently serving as an assistant coach for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Malik Allen : On July 17, 2008, he, along with Tyronn Lue of the Dallas Mavericks, signed a contract with the Milwaukee Bucks.
Malik Allen : He began his career in the ABA with the San Diego Wildfire and in the International Basketball League with Trenton in 2000–01 season.
Malik Allen : He stayed with the Heat until he was traded on February 24, 2005 to the Charlotte Bobcats.
Malik Allen : On February 19, 2008, he was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Jason Kidd and Antoine Wright in exchange for Keith Van Horn, Devin Harris, Trenton Hassell, DeSagana Diop, Maurice Ager, $3 million cash and 2008 and the Mavericks' 2010 first round draft pick.
Malik Allen : On July 22, 2009, the Denver Post reported that he was set to be traded to the Denver Nuggets in exchange for Sonny Weems and Walter Sharpe.
Malik Allen : Over two seasons with the Bulls Allen played in 114 regular season games making 21 starts and averaged 4.5 points and 2.3 rebounds per game.
Hans Stacey : He also was victorious driving a Subaru Impreza in 1997 and 2001.
Hans Stacey : Hans Stacey (born 9 March 1958, Best, Netherlands) is a Dutch rally car driver.
Hans Stacey : He has competed in the Dakar Rally since 2004 in the truck category, initially as co-driver for his uncle Jan de Rooy and since 2006 as driver for the Exact-MAN team.
Julien Clerc : On another front, Clerc was named UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador at a ceremony in Paris in November 2003 after working for nearly two years with the agency on various benevolent projects for refugees.
Julien Clerc : Paul Alain Leclerc (born 4 October 1947), better known by his stage name Julien Clerc (), is a French singer-songwriter.
Benjamin Biolay : Benjamin Biolay (; 20 January 1973) is a French singer, songwriter, musician, actor and record producer.
Benjamin Biolay : With the singer Keren Ann, whose first two albums he co-wrote and produced, he contributed several songs to "Chambre avec Vue", the successful comeback album of singer Henri Salvador, and has since worked as a writer, arranger or producer for other icons of French music, including Juliette Gréco, Julien Clerc, Françoise Hardy and Vanessa Paradis.
Dejan Musli : Dejan Musli (; born January 3, 1991) is a Serbian professional basketball player for MoraBanc Andorra of the Liga ACB.
Dejan Musli : He was named the tournament MVP averaging 16.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 5.1 blocks per game.
Dejan Musli : On December 8, 2017, Musli signed with German club Brose Bamberg for the rest of the 2017–18 season.
Carlos Correia : He was trained in East Germany as an agricultural engineer.
Carlos Correia : Previously he was Prime Minister from 27 December 1991 to 26 October 1994, from 6 June 1997 to 3 December 1998, and from 5 August 2008 to 25 December 2008.
Carlos Correia : Carlos Correia (born 6 November 1933) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 17 September 2015 to 12 May 2016.
Carlos Correia : During Guinea-Bissau's war for independence, Correia was a member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC), which ruled the country until 1999.
Carlos Correia : Correia's second term in office, which lasted until 3 December 1998, was overshadowed by the rebellion of Ansumane Mané.
Carlos Correia : After the first multiparty presidential and parliamentary elections in July 1994, which the PAIGC won, Manuel Saturnino da Costa succeeded him as head of government on 27 October.
Carlos Correia : This government was dominated by Vieira loyalists and members of PAIGC, including PAIGC dissidents who were supporters of Vieira.
Albano Bizzarri : Albano Benjamín Bizzarri (born 9 November 1977) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Albano Bizzarri : Although he never earned a cap for Argentina, Bizzarri was part of the nation's final squad at the 1999 Copa América.
Albano Bizzarri : Born in Etruria, Córdoba of Italian descent, Bizzarri began his career with Racing Club de Avellaneda in the Argentine Primera División, where his good performances drew attention from La Liga powerhouse Real Madrid, which signed him in 1999.
Khaled Khalifa : His first novel, "Haris al-Khadi'a" ("The Guard of Deception"), was published in 1993.
Khaled Khalifa : He attended the University of Aleppo, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in law.
Khaled Khalifa : His fourth novel was "La sakakin fi matabikh hadhihi al-madina" ("No Knives in this City's Kitchens"), published in Cairo in 2013.
Khaled Khalifa : Khaled Khalifa (), sometimes written Khalid Khalifa, is a Syrian novelist, screenwriter and poet, born 1964 in Aleppo.
Khaled Khalifa : His second novel, "Dafatir al-Qurbat" ("The Gypsy Notebooks"), was suppressed by the Union of Arab Writers for four years after its publication in 2000.
Abel Matutes : He was also deputy chairman of Alianza Popular and is currently a member of the Executive Committee of the Partido Popular.
Abel Matutes : He was a member of the European Parliament and spokesman for the Partido Popular at the European Parliament from 1994 onwards.
Abel Matutes : He was Mayor of Ibiza in 1970 and 1971 and became Senator for Ibiza and Formentera in 1977.
Abel Matutes : He holds a degree in Law and Economics and has been a professor of Public Finance, and is also a member of the Economics and Finance Academy.
Abel Matutes : He is Emeritus professor at the University of Santiago de Chile and of the Complutense University of Madrid a member of the Honor Committee of the Royal Institute of European Studies, an honorary member of the Filipino Academy of Spanish Language.
Abel Matutes : Abel Matutes y Juan (born 31 October 1941) is a Spanish politician who served as Spain's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 6 May 1996 to 2000.
Braulio Nóbrega : Braulio was born in Puerto del Rosario, Canary Islands.
Braulio Nóbrega : Braulio Nóbrega Rodríguez (born 18 September 1985), known simply as Braulio, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Braulio Nóbrega : On 25 October 2007 he scored a marvellous backheel goal in the group stage of the UEFA Cup, in a 2–1 win against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane.
Braulio Nóbrega : On 28 June 2008, Braulio signed a four-year contract with Real Zaragoza, freshly relegated to the second level.
Markku Alén : Markku Allan Alén (born 15 February 1951, in Helsinki) is a Finnish former rally and race car driver.
Markku Alén : To celebrate his 50th birthday in 2001, he entered that year's Neste Rally Finland in August, finishing in a respectable 16th place overall with a Ford Focus WRC.
Israel Finkelstein : in the highlands north of Jerusalem.
Hugo Sotil : In that game, against Colombia, Sotil scored the only goal, giving Peru its second title as South American champions.
Hugo Sotil : Sotil arrived in Caracas, where the final was played, and he went immediately from the airport to the soccer stadium arriving when all his teammates were warming up.
Hugo Sotil : In the 1973–1974 season, Barcelona won the Spanish League after 14 trophyless seasons.
Hugo Sotil : Sotil made his debut for the Peru national football team on 4 February 1970, in a friendly game against Bulgaria at Lima, he scored a hat-trick for Peru in a 5–3 win.
Hugo Sotil : Sotil was part of the team which demolished Real Madrid 5–0 in the Spanish League game played at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, where he scored the fifth goal.
Hugo Sotil : Sotil won the 1975 Copa América, playing only in the final game since his club did not allow him to travel often.
Hugo Sotil : In 1968, Sotil made his debut at the professional level for Municipal in the Peruvian Second Division, which he helped to obtain promotion to the First Division that year.
Hugo Sotil : Hugo Alejandro Sotil Yerén (born 18 May 1949) is a Peruvian former professional football player.
Hugo Sotil : Together with Teófilo Cubillas and Héctor Chumpitaz, he was one of Peru's most recognized football players of the 1970s.
Hugo Sotil : But Sotil decided he would make one final push going back to Municipal and playing there until 1982, and returning briefly to football in 1984, playing for Espartanos, a small provincial team.
H. Robert Horvitz : He is also an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
H. Robert Horvitz : In his early work at MIT, Horvitz continued his work on cell lineage and cell fate, using "C. elegans" to investigate whether there was a genetic program controlling cell death, or apoptosis.
H. Robert Horvitz : Howard Robert Horvitz (born May 8, 1947) is an American biologist best known for his research on the nematode worm "Caenorhabditis elegans", for which he was awarded the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, together with Sydney Brenner and John E. Sulston.
Greg Van Avermaet : Greg Van Avermaet (born 17 May 1985) is a Belgian professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Greg Van Avermaet : He won the men's individual road race event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, and has won other one-day races such as Paris–Roubaix, Gent–Wevelgem and E3 Harelbeke in 2017, the 2016 GP de Montréal and Omloop Het Nieuwsblad in 2016 and 2017.
Leonel Pilipauskas : Leonel Eduardo Pilipauskas Rodríguez (born 18 May 1975) is a Uruguayan retired professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and is the assistant manager of C.S.D.
Gustavo Méndez : For the Uruguay national football team Méndez was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Gustavo Méndez : Gustavo Emilio Méndez Techera (born 3 February 1971 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who played as a defender.
Bill Kirby : William Ashley Kirby (born 12 September 1975) is an Australian swimmer who was competitive on an international level in the nineties and early 2000s.
Dave Pybus : Dave Pybus (born 4 June 1970) is an extreme metal musician, best known as the former bass player of Cradle of Filth.
Dave Pybus : In 2005, Dave took a six-month break from Cradle of Filth and started Sixsixsix Records.
Dave Pybus : In that July he was honoured with an appearance on the Roadrunner United CD alongside Peter Steele, Josh Silver, Steve Holt and Joey Jordison.
Dave Pybus : Pybus's first band was called Anul Death (1988–1991) which later changed its name to Darkened.
Dave Pybus : They were influenced by the Misfits and released a six track Mini CD "Sometime" in 1995.
Dave Pybus : In 1991, Dave formed Dreambreed, a band in which he provided vocals and played guitar.
Dave Pybus : Dave appears on: "Damnation and a Day" (2003), "Nymphetamine" (2004), "Thornography" (2006), "Godspeed on the Devil's Thunder" (2008), "Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa" (2010).
Dave Pybus : He stayed with Anathema until 2001, appearing on two albums - "Judgement" (1999), "A Fine Day to Exit" (2001), after which he sessioned and later joined Cradle of Filth following the departure of bassist Robin "Graves" Eaglestone.
Mehdi Mahdavikia : Mehdi Mahdavikia (, born 24 July 1977) is an Iranian professional football coach and former player usually played as a right winger or full-back.
Aitor Etxaburu : In 1992 he was a member of the Spanish handball team which finished fifth in the Olympic tournament.
Aitor Etxaburu : Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team.
Aitor Etxaburu : Aitor Iñaki Etxaburu Castro (born 17 June 1966 in Eibar) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sean Hayes : The same year, he was cast as Jack McFarland, a flamboyantly gay and frequently unemployed actor, in the NBC comedy series "Will & Grace".
Sean Hayes : He moved to Los Angeles in 1995, where he found work as a stand-up comedian and an actor on stage and on television, including a commercial for Doritos which aired during Super Bowl XXXII in 1998.
Sean Hayes : Sean Patrick Hayes (born June 26, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, singer and producer.
Sean Hayes : After graduating from Glenbard West High School, Hayes attended Illinois State University, where he studied piano performance.
Sean Hayes : He also composed original music for a production of "Antigone" at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago.
Sean Hayes : As a teenager, Hayes was an extra in the film "Lucas" (1986), which was filmed at his high school.
Sean Hayes : He made his professional debut in the independent film "Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss" (1998), which brought him wide attention.
Gert-Jan Theunisse : In June 1999 he had a heart attack.
Gert-Jan Theunisse : During this time, Theunisse rode occasional regional mountain bike races.
Gert-Jan Theunisse : Theunisse returned the following year and won the mountains classification and the stage up Alpe d'Huez in the 1989 Tour de France .
Gert-Jan Theunisse : Gert-Jan Theunisse (born 14 January 1963 in Oss) is a Dutch former road bicycle racer.
Gert-Jan Theunisse : In 2000 he admitted using illegal substances but denied taking testosterone.
Gert-Jan Theunisse : However he tested positive for testosterone and received a 10-minute penalty which moved him from fourth to 11th overall.
Fernando Cáceres : On 1 November 2009, Cáceres was shot in the head in an attempted robbery while driving his car in a Buenos Aires suburb.
Fernando Cáceres : Fernando Gabriel Cáceres (born 7 February 1969) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Kenneth Lonergan : His mother is Jewish, and his father was Irish.
Kenneth Lonergan : He contributed to the screenplay for "Gangs of New York" (2002).
Kenneth Lonergan : Lonergan is married to actress J. Smith-Cameron.
Kenneth Lonergan : Kenneth Lonergan (born October 16, 1962) is an American film director, playwright, and screenwriter.
Kendrick Lamar : I never do nothing like that.
Kendrick Lamar : No, people want that for one week.
Kendrick Lamar : It's not going to be nothing leftover.
Kendrick Lamar : I don't believe in none of the shit that's going on in the world."
Kendrick Lamar : His sense of timing is impeccable.
Kendrick Lamar : I don't do no voting, I will keep it straight up real with you.
Kendrick Lamar : You’d think certain labels would learn form that.
Kendrick Lamar : It's something I still have to think about when I sleep at night."
Kendrick Lamar : Hypocrite!"
Kendrick Lamar : You don’t want the same song every single day of your life.
Kendrick Lamar : It's hard, it's something I probably could never do, but I'm gonna try.
Kendrick Lamar : Not just with the outfit but with everyday life.
Kendrick Lamar : They could do whatever they want to do, we all puppets."
Kendrick Lamar : I'm going to put my best out.
Kendrick Lamar : He grew up on welfare and in section 8 housing.
Kendrick Lamar : The outfit is just the imagery, but what's inside me will display longer."
Kendrick Lamar : The song "For Free?
Kendrick Lamar : He used to smoke cannabis, but has since quit.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's 2017 album "Damn" has a recurring theme based around religion and struggle.
Kendrick Lamar : He is certainly in the very short lists of artists in the conversation."
Kendrick Lamar : But they take somebody who is out there and say, 'That's what people want.'
Kendrick Lamar : He threw everything on there, and that's exactly what we wanted to do."
Kendrick Lamar : The model who appeared in the music video for "Humble" was also attacked on social media due to her role in the video.
Kendrick Lamar : His writing has also been called "confessional" and controversial.
Kendrick Lamar : His song "i" discusses his Christian faith.
Kendrick Lamar : People perceived the line to be Lamar judging the black community.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar is a cousin of NBA player Nick Young.
Kendrick Lamar : His father, Kenny Duckworth, was a member of street gang Gangster Disciples.
Kendrick Lamar : I'm trying to look for an album in 2012."
Kendrick Lamar : He has been outspoken about his faith, both in his music and interviews.
Kendrick Lamar : He has admitted to being quiet and shy in school, his mother even confirming he was "a loner" until the age of seven.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's projects are usually concept albums.
Kendrick Lamar : "DAMN."
Kendrick Lamar : In the midst of rampant cases of police brutality and racial tension across America, he spews raw, aggressive bars while possibly cutting a rug," while "Pitchfork" editors noted it "forced critics to think deeply about music.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has received two civic honors.
Kendrick Lamar : His first name was given to him by his mother in honor of American singer-songwriter Eddie Kendricks of The Temptations.
Kendrick Lamar : Female labelmate SZA later defended Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar : It's an album by the greatest rapper of his generation."
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar is a devout Christian, and says he converted following the death of a friend.
Kendrick Lamar : Soon after, Lamar decided to drop K-Dot as his stage name and go by his birth name.
Kendrick Lamar : The interview was eventually not aired and Wiley said it had been "destroyed".
Kendrick Lamar : He also compared his acting preparation to his songwriting, saying that he prefers to "always have that open space to evolve".
Kendrick Lamar : A little bit of Kurupt, [Tupac], with some of the content of Ice Cube."
Kendrick Lamar : "That first album ["It's Dark and Hell Is Hot"] is classic, [so he had an influence on me]."
Kendrick Lamar : Tupac Shakur is his biggest influence, and has influenced his music as well as his day-to-day lifestyle.
Kendrick Lamar : He has received many accolades over the course of his career, including 13 Grammy Awards.
Kendrick Lamar : "Time" named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016.
Kendrick Lamar : He went on to say that voting was useless, saying, "When I say the president can't even control the world, then you definitely know there's something else out there pushing the buttons.
Kendrick Lamar : Visconti also stated this about Lamar while talking about "rule-breakers" in music.
Kendrick Lamar : In December 2014, it was announced that Lamar had started a partnership with sportswear brand Reebok.
Kendrick Lamar : He is regarded by many critics and contemporaries as one of the most important and influential rappers of his generation, and as one of the greatest rappers of all time.
Kendrick Lamar : Collectors Edition in mid-December 2017, with the tracklist from the original album in reverse order.
Kendrick Lamar : He has also stated Eazy-E as an influence in a post by "Complex" saying: "I Wouldn't Be Here Today If It Wasn't for Eazy-E."
Kendrick Lamar : In the days following the track's release, Lamar's Twitter account saw a 510% increase in followers.
Kendrick Lamar : However, Gaga withdrew from participation in the last moment, citing that it was due to artistic differences and had nothing to do with Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has been reported to be in a feud with Drake.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has won thirteen Grammy Awards.
Kendrick Lamar : Billboard described his lyricism as "Shakespearean".
Kendrick Lamar : (Interlude)" also featured a music video, as did "u" with "For Sale" as part of the short film "God Is Gangsta."
Kendrick Lamar : In April 2015, Lamar became engaged to his longtime girlfriend, Whitney Alford.
Kendrick Lamar : Speaking about the meeting, Lamar said, "We tend to forget that people who've attained a certain position are human."
Kendrick Lamar : "Section.80" went on to sell 5,300 digital copies in its first week, without any television or radio coverage and received mostly positive reviews.
Kendrick Lamar : On May 11, 2015, he received the California State Senate's Generational Icon Award from State Senator Isadore Hall III (D–Compton) who represents California's 35th district.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's performance was praised by critics and viewers.
Kendrick Lamar : During the 2012 presidential election, Lamar stated, "I don't vote.
Kendrick Lamar : He began recording material with the label and subsequently released a 26-track mixtape two years later, titled "Training Day" (2005).
Kendrick Lamar : "), as well as the track list, which confirmed guest appearances by Rihanna, Zacari, and U2.
Kendrick Lamar : In September 2013, Drake's third album, "Nothing was the Same", was released.
Kendrick Lamar : The album was met with critical acclaim and debuted at number two in the US, selling 242,100 copies in its first week.
Kendrick Lamar : On the topic of his music genre, Lamar has said: "You really can't categorize my music, it's human music."
Kendrick Lamar : On April 7, 2017, his fourth studio album was made available for pre-order and confirmed to be released on April 14, 2017.
Kendrick Lamar : Although the song would later be ranked #2 in "Complex"'s Best 50 Songs of 2012 list, it would ultimately fail to appear on Lamar's debut.
Kendrick Lamar : Other nominations included Album of the Year and Song of the Year.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar later met Obama in January 2016 in promotion of Obama's My Brother's Keeper Challenge.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's 2015 song "The Blacker the Berry" gathered controversy following the lines, "So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street, when gang-banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me?
Kendrick Lamar : He began to gain recognition in 2010 after his first retail release, "Overly Dedicated".
Kendrick Lamar : Kendrick proceeded to insult rappers who have ghostwriters in an interview with "Rolling Stone" in August 2015.
Kendrick Lamar : Wiley said that the interview would have escalated the reported feud to become official with diss tracks being directed at the other side.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has credited God for his fame and his deliverance from crime that often plagued Compton in the 1990s.
Kendrick Lamar : On the topic of whether his next project would be an album or a mixtape, Lamar answered: "I treat every project like it's an album anyway.
Kendrick Lamar : Top Dawg Entertainment, which represents Lamar, is seeking $20 to $40 million for the rapper's catalogue.
Kendrick Lamar : Series creator Courtney A. Kemp said that Lamar told 50 Cent that he wanted to be on the show and 50 Cent organized the appearance.
Kendrick Lamar : Before the meeting, Obama said in an interview that his favorite song of 2015 was Lamar's "How Much A Dollar Cost".
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's writing usually includes references to racism, black empowerment and social injustice, being compared to a State of Union address by "The Guardian".
Kendrick Lamar : In a November 2013 interview with "GQ", when asked "The Four MC's That Made Kendrick Lamar?
Kendrick Lamar : In November, after Cole posted pictures of himself and Lamar working in the studio, the latter revealed that the two are still working on a project, but an exact release date was not given for the joint album: "We are going to drop that out the sky though.
Kendrick Lamar : He subsequently released "The Kendrick Lamar EP" in late 2009.
Kendrick Lamar : "The New York Times" has called Lamar's musical style anti-flamboyant, interior and complex and labelled him as a technical rapper.
Kendrick Lamar : In January 2013, when asked to name three rappers that have played a role in his style, Lamar said: "It's probably more of a west coast influence.
Kendrick Lamar : From the senate floor, Lamar told the legislature, "Being from the City of Compton and knowing the parks that I played at and the neighborhoods, I always thought how great the opportunity would be to give back to my community off of what I do in music."
Kendrick Lamar : "Complex" magazine has ranked Lamar atop "The 20 Best Rappers in Their 20s" annual lists in 2013, 2015 and 2016.
Kendrick Lamar : This led to Lamar working with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg on Dre's often-delayed "Detox" album, as well as speculation of Lamar signing to Dr. Dre's record label, Aftermath Entertainment.
Kendrick Lamar : The project fared well enough to enter the United States "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, where it peaked at number 72.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar also gave Lil Wayne's work in Hot Boys credit for influencing his style and praised his longevity.
Kendrick Lamar : During the song, Lamar also calls himself the "King of New York", which caused controversy among several New York-based rappers.
Kendrick Lamar : The album debuted atop the US "Billboard" 200 chart selling 324,000 copies in its first week, and established Spotify's global first-day streaming record (9.6 million).
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has been branded as the "new king of hip hop" numerous times.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar's casting stemmed from his friendship with rapper 50 Cent, who also executive produces and stars in the series.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar wanted to portray a character that did not resemble his musical persona, and drew inspiration from various people he knew when growing up in Compton.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar later revealed that the track was for his major-label debut studio album and that he had plans to shoot a video for it.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar has also feuded with Detroit rapper and former collaborator Big Sean.
Kendrick Lamar : He announced to an audience in the Staples Center during Kanye West's Yeezus Tour that he had been baptized in 2013.
Kendrick Lamar : In 2015, "Billboard" included Lamar in "The 10 Greatest Rappers of All-Time."
Kendrick Lamar : "His album "To Pimp A Butterfly" broke every rule in the book and he had a number one album glued to the top of the charts.
Kendrick Lamar : He has said that he also grew up listening to Rakim, Dr. Dre, and Tha Dogg Pound.
Kendrick Lamar : He also believes his career is divinely inspired and that he has a greater purpose to serve mankind, saying in an interview with "Complex", "I got a greater purpose, God put something in my heart to get across and that's what I'm going to focus on, using my voice as an instrument and doing what needs to be done."
Kendrick Lamar : In January 2018, Lamar's song publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music began to expire.
Kendrick Lamar : In December 2010, "Complex" magazine spotlighted Lamar in an edition of their "Indie Intro" series.
Kendrick Lamar : As a teenager, he attended Centennial High School in Compton, where he was a straight-A student.
Kendrick Lamar : On August 15, 2012, singer Lady Gaga announced via Twitter that both had recorded a song titled "PartyNauseous" for his debut album.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar garnered further recognition after a video of a live performance of a Charles Hamilton show surfaced, in which Hamilton battled fellow rappers who were in the audience.
Kendrick Lamar : In November 2013, he was named "GQ"'s "Rapper of the Year," and was featured on the cover of the magazine's "Men of the Year" issue.
Kendrick Lamar : "Forbes" said, on Lamar's placement as hip hop's "king", "Kendrick Lamar may or may not be the greatest rapper alive right now.
Kendrick Lamar : On February 15, 2012, a song by Lamar titled "Cartoon and Cereal", featuring fellow American rapper Gunplay, was leaked online.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar later released the "DAMN."
Kendrick Lamar : Drake later went on to say that he acknowledged the lines in Lamar's cypher were for him and that it wasn't enough for him to prepare a response before saying they haven't seen each other since the BET cypher.
Kendrick Lamar : Later that year, Fuse TV listed Lamar's single, "Backseat Freestyle" among the top 40 songs of 2012.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar frequently refers to himself as the "greatest rapper alive" and once called himself "The King of New York."
Kendrick Lamar : "Complex" called their relationship "complicated", Genius called it a "subliminal war", and "GQ" called it a "cold war" due to the mass popularity of both artists.
Kendrick Lamar : "Rolling Stone" called the "Control" "one of the most important hip-hop songs of the last decade".
Kendrick Lamar : On February 13, 2016, Mayor of Compton, California Aja Brown presented Lamar with the key to the city, for "representing Compton's evolution, embodying the New Vision for Compton."
Kendrick Lamar : It was speculated that Lamar's line, "One, two, three, four, five / I am the greatest rapper alive" was a response to Drake's line, "I know I said top five, but I'm top two / And I'm not two and I got one" on the song "Gyalchester".
Kendrick Lamar : Several days before the 2012 presidential election, Lamar reversed his previous claim that he was not going to vote and said that he was voting for Barack Obama because Mitt Romney did not have a "good heart".
Kendrick Lamar : HipHopDX named Lamar "Emcee of the Year" for their 2012 Year-End honors.
Kendrick Lamar : The record contained the top 40 singles "Swimming Pools (Drank)", "Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe", and "Poetic Justice".
Kendrick Lamar : Following an almost year-long hiatus from music, Lamar released "The Heart Part 4".
Kendrick Lamar : It was ranked by "Rolling Stone" and "Billboard" as the best moment of the night, with the latter writing "It was easily one of the best live TV performances in history."
Kendrick Lamar : Drake later said his only competition was Kanye West, after being asked about Kendrick saying he was murdering his competition.
Kendrick Lamar : The album was released on April 14, 2017 to rave reviews, with a "Rolling Stone" writer describing it as a combination of "the old school and the next-level."
Kendrick Lamar : 2 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and was later certified platinum by the RIAA.
Kendrick Lamar : The introductory lines to his 2012 album "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City" include a form of the Sinner's Prayer.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar later spoke on the lyrics in a NPR interview, saying, "It's not me pointing at my community; it's me pointing at myself, I don't talk about these things if I haven't lived them, and I've hurt people in my life.
Kendrick Lamar : On September 23, 2014, Lamar released "i" as the first single from his third album.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar also performed a new song, "Untitled 2" on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in January.
Kendrick Lamar : He also cites rapper DMX as an influence: "[DMX] really [got me started] on music," explained Lamar in an interview with Philadelphia's Power 99.
Kendrick Lamar : Following the release of Sean's track "Control" in August 2013 where Lamar calls Sean out and claims he's gonna "murder" him, Sean responded in praise, saying, "Alright, that's what it need to get back to, it need to get back to hip-hop, that culture."
Kendrick Lamar : "To Pimp a Butterfly" was ranked by many publications as the best album of 2015.
Kendrick Lamar : "Black Panther The Album Music From And Inspired By" was released on February 9, 2018 to universal acclaim.
Kendrick Lamar : It was speculated that the insult was directed towards Drake, who has seen controversy due to the use of "ghostwriters" on songs such as "RICO".
Kendrick Lamar : Shortly thereafter, another track, titled "King's Dead", was released by Jay Rock featuring Lamar, Future and James Blake.
Kendrick Lamar : During 2012, Lamar also toured with the rest of Black Hippy and MMG rapper, Stalley, on BET's Music Matters Tour.
Kendrick Lamar : In his verse, Lamar called out several rappers, telling them he was going to murder his competition.
Kendrick Lamar : On May 17, 2015, Lamar featured on the official remix of American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift's song "Bad Blood", as well as appearing in the music video.
Kendrick Lamar : In an interview with "Pitchfork" a day later, Drake showed disapproval of "Control", saying he wasn't impressed with it and added, "Mind you, it’ll go on– "Complex" and Rap Radar will give it like, verse of the millennium and all that shit or whatever."
Kendrick Lamar : In a few months' time, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Kendrick Lamar : Following the release of Lamar's 2017 song "Humble", he faced backlash for the lines, "I'm so fucking sick and tired of the Photoshop / Show me something natural like afro on Richard Pryor / Show me something natural like ass with some stretch marks."
Kendrick Lamar : It marked his third number one album on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and the single "Humble" became his first number one as a lead artist on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Kendrick Lamar : Producer Tony Visconti stated David Bowie's album "Blackstar" (2016) was influenced by Lamar's work, "we were listening to a lot of Kendrick Lamar [...] we loved the fact Kendrick was so open-minded and he didn't do a straight-up hip-hop record.
Kendrick Lamar : A single from the soundtrack, "All the Stars", was released in January 2018 featuring singer SZA, and it earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song.
Kendrick Lamar : Publications such as "Complex" speculated that Drake had sent subliminal insults towards Lamar in the song "The Language".
Kendrick Lamar : In January 2015, Sean later spoke on "Control", saying that the song was "negative" and a month later released the "Me, Myself, and I" In October 2016, Big Sean released "No More Interviews" with shots directed at Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar : Stereogum noted that Lamar was referencing Drake's third studio album, "Nothing was the Same", and also Drake being called overly sensitive by the media.
Kendrick Lamar : Kendrick Lamar Duckworth was born in Compton, California on June 17, 1987, the son of a couple from Chicago.
Kendrick Lamar : On May 4, 2017, "Damn" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Kendrick Lamar : Kendrick Lamar has stated that Tupac Shakur, The Notorious B.I.G., Jay Z, Nas, and Eminem are his top five favorite rappers.
Kendrick Lamar : Critics found "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City" heavily influenced by West Coast hip hop and 90s gangsta rap.
Kendrick Lamar : In a 2011 interview with "Rolling Stone", Lamar mentioned Mos Def and Snoop Dogg as rappers that he listened to and took influence from during his early years.
Kendrick Lamar : On December 17, 2014, Lamar debuted a new untitled song on one of the final episodes of "The Colbert Report".
Kendrick Lamar : Called a "radio-friendly but overtly political rapper" by Pitchfork, Lamar has been a branded "master of storytelling" and his lyrics have been described as "katana-blade sharp" and his flow limber and dexterous.
Kendrick Lamar : Throughout 2010, Lamar toured with Tech N9ne and Jay Rock on "The Independent Grind" tour.
Kendrick Lamar : During the interview, he stated that he would begin recording his second major-label studio album in January 2014.
Kendrick Lamar : In July 2018, Lamar made his acting debut in the fifth season the Starz drama series "Power", portraying a Dominican drug addict named Laces.
Kendrick Lamar : "To Pimp a Butterfly" produced other three singles with accompanying music videos, "King Kunta", "Alright" and "These Walls".
Kendrick Lamar : In 2014, Lamar dressed up as Jesus for Halloween and when asked about his decision, said: "If I want to idolize somebody, I'm not going to do a scary monster, I'm not gonna do another artist or a human being—I'm gonna idolize the Master, who I feel is the Master, and try to walk in His light.
Kendrick Lamar : On July 31, 2012, Top Dawg, Aftermath, and Interscope serviced "Swimming Pools (Drank)" as the lead single from Lamar's debut album.
Kendrick Lamar : A week later, Lamar released the lead single, titled "Humble", accompanied by its music video.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar further escalated tensions in the 2013 BET Hip-Hop Awards cypher when he referred to Drake during the cypher, saying, "Yeah, and nothing's been the same since they dropped 'Control' / And tucked a sensitive rapper back in his pajama clothes."
Kendrick Lamar : The third single, "Pray For Me", by Lamar and The Weeknd, was released in February 2018, ahead of the album's release in that month.
Kendrick Lamar : His third studio album, "To Pimp a Butterfly", incorporates elements of funk, jazz, soul and spoken word poetry.
Kendrick Lamar : In a September 2012 interview, Lamar stated rapper Eminem "influenced a lot of my style" and has since credited Eminem for his own aggression, on records such as "Backseat Freestyle".
Kendrick Lamar : Drake responded to Lamar's "Control" verse in an interview with "Billboard", saying, "I know good and well that Kendrick's not murdering me, at all, in any platform."
Kendrick Lamar : At the ceremony, Lamar performed "M.A.A.D City" and a remix of "Radioactive" in a mash-up with American rock band Imagine Dragons at the awards ceremony.
Kendrick Lamar : Under the moniker K-Dot, Lamar was also featured on The Game's songs "The Cypha" and "Cali Niggaz".
Kendrick Lamar : In 2012, MTV named him the "Hottest MC in the Game" on their annual list.
Kendrick Lamar : On October 15, 2013, Lamar won five awards at the BET Hip Hop Awards, including Album of the Year and Lyricist of the Year (the latter of which he had also won the year before).
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar did not hesitate and began rapping a verse over the instrumental to Miilkbone's "Keep It Real", which would later appear on a track titled "West Coast Wu-Tang".
Kendrick Lamar : In June 2016, former NFL player and broadcast show host Marcellus Wiley alleged that on his ESPN show, Drake or Lamar had given an interview in which they started "talking noise" and claimed that they had problems with the other individual.
Kendrick Lamar : As a child, Lamar attended McNair Elementary and Vanguard Learning Center in the Compton Unified School District.
Kendrick Lamar : Throughout 2006 and 2007, Lamar would appear alongside other up-and-coming West Coast rappers, such as Jay Rock and Ya Boy, as opening acts for veteran West Coast rapper The Game.
Kendrick Lamar : In February, Lamar also embarked on Drake's Club Paradise Tour, opening along with fellow American rappers, ASAP Rocky and 2 Chainz.
Kendrick Lamar : ", he answered Tupac Shakur, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Mobb Deep, namely Prodigy.
Kendrick Lamar : In December 2013, Drake, whilst being interviewed by "Vice", said he "stood his ground" and he has to realize "I'm being baited and I'm not gonna fall", then refusing to deny that the line on "The Language" was directed to Lamar, saying he "doesn't want to get into responses".
Kendrick Lamar : "Billboard" critics commented at the end of the year, "twenty years ago, a conscious rap record wouldn't have penetrated the mainstream in the way Kendrick Lamar did with "To Pimp A Butterfly".
Kendrick Lamar : By that time, he had amassed a large online following and collaborated with several prominent hip hop artists, including The Game, Busta Rhymes, and Snoop Dogg.
Kendrick Lamar : On April 11, Lamar announced the album title, "Damn" (stylized as "DAMN.
Kendrick Lamar : In March 2012, MTV announced that Lamar had signed a deal with Interscope Records and Aftermath Entertainment, marking the end of his career as an independent artist.
Kendrick Lamar : It debuted atop the charts in the U.S. and the UK, and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album at the 58th ceremony.
Kendrick Lamar : After receiving a co-sign from Lil Wayne, Lamar released his third mixtape in 2009, titled "C4", which was heavily themed around Wayne's "Tha Carter III" LP.
Kendrick Lamar : In an interview with "Billboard" in February 2014, Lamar stated he was planning to put out a new album the next September.
Kendrick Lamar : Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (born June 17, 1987) is an American rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
Kendrick Lamar : Along with Top Dawg Entertainment founder Anthony Tiffith, Lamar produced and curated the film soundtrack for the Marvel Studios superhero film "Black Panther" (2018), titled "Black Panther The Album Music From And Inspired By".
Kendrick Lamar : Before Lamar's "Control" verse, Lamar had been featured on Drake's "Buried Alive Interlude", Drake was featured on Lamar's single "Poetic Justice", and both were featured on A$AP Rocky's song "Fuckin' Problems".
Kendrick Lamar : Several more reported subliminal lines were spoken by each rapper, four by Kendrick on the songs, "Pay for it", "King Kunta", "Darkside/Gone", and "Deep Water" and two by Drake on the songs "Used To" and "4PM In Calabasas".
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar later confirmed that the tracks were unfinished demos from the recording of "To Pimp a Butterfly".
Kendrick Lamar : The music video for "Alright" received four nominations at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, including Video of the Year and Best Male Video.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar professed to having been influenced by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis and Parliament-Funkadelic during the recording of "To Pimp a Butterfly".
Kendrick Lamar : At the ceremony, Lamar performed a medley of "The Blacker the Berry" and "Alright".
Kendrick Lamar : His debut major-label release, "good kid, m.A.A.d city", was named one of "The 100 Best Debut Albums of All Time" by "Rolling Stone".
Kendrick Lamar : In 2008, Lamar was prominently featured throughout the music video for Jay Rock's commercial debut single, "All My Life (In the Ghetto)", which features American hip hop superstar Lil Wayne and was backed by Warner Bros. Records.
Kendrick Lamar : The compilation album debuted atop the US "Billboard" 200.
Kendrick Lamar : In 2004, at the age of 16, Lamar released his first full-length project, a mixtape titled "Youngest Head Nigga in Charge (Hub City Threat: Minor of the Year)", under the pseudonym K-Dot.
Kendrick Lamar : In 1995, at the age of eight, Lamar witnessed his idols Tupac Shakur and Dr. Dre filming the music video for their hit single "California Love", which proved to be a significant moment in his life.
Kendrick Lamar : He was also nominated for seven awards, including Album of the Year and Best Rap Album for "DAMN.
Kendrick Lamar : That same year, Lamar along with his TDE label-mates: Jay Rock, Ab-Soul and ScHoolboy Q formed Black Hippy, a hip hop supergroup.
Kendrick Lamar : He received a total of seven nominations at the 56th Grammy Awards in 2014, including Album of the Year for "good kid, m.A.A.d city".
Kendrick Lamar : In 2016, Lamar released "Untitled Unmastered", a collection of unreleased demos that originated during the recording sessions for "To Pimp a Butterfly".
Kendrick Lamar : In August 2013, Lamar's verse on the Big Sean track "Control", made waves across the hip-hop industry.
Kendrick Lamar : The song peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in its thirteenth week of gradually climbing up the chart.
Kendrick Lamar : At the award show, Lamar performed "Money Trees", and was also featured in a cypher alongside his Top Dawg label-mates Jay Rock, Schoolboy Q, Isaiah Rashad, and Ab-Soul.
Kendrick Lamar : "Lamar won five Grammys at the 58th ceremony, including Best Rap Album for "To Pimp a Butterfly".
Kendrick Lamar : On July 2, 2011, Lamar released "Section.80", his first independent album, to critical acclaim.
Kendrick Lamar : Many New York rappers, including Papoose, The Mad Rapper, Mickey Factz, JR Writer, Mysonne, Joell Ortiz and more, took offense to this.
Kendrick Lamar : In the verse, Lamar vows to lyrically "murder" every other up-and-coming rapper, namely J. Cole, Big K.R.I.T., Wale, Pusha T, Meek Mill, ASAP Rocky, Drake, Big Sean, Jay Electronica, Tyler, The Creator and Mac Miller.
Kendrick Lamar : Under the new deal, Lamar's projects, including his album "good kid, m.A.A.d city", would be jointly released via Top Dawg, Aftermath, and Interscope.
Kendrick Lamar : Furthermore, fellow American rappers such as Meek Mill, Lupe Fiasco, Cassidy, Joe Budden, King L, Bizarre and B.o.B, among many others, released a response or diss track, within a week.
Kendrick Lamar : The album features guest appearances from GLC, Colin Munroe, Schoolboy Q, and Ab-Soul, while the production was handled by Top Dawg in-house production team Digi+Phonics as well as Wyldfyer, Terrace Martin and J. Cole.
Kendrick Lamar : The mixtape was released under Konkrete Jungle Muzik and garnered local recognition for Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar : The verse gathered responses and diss tracks from artists such as Joe Budden, Papoose, Meek Mill, Diddy, Lupe Fiasco, and B.o.B.
Kendrick Lamar : In August 2013, Lamar was featured on the song "Control" by Big Sean.
Kendrick Lamar : Raised in Compton, California, Lamar embarked on his musical career as a teenager under the stage name K-Dot, releasing a mixtape that garnered local attention and led to his signing with indie record label Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE).
Kendrick Lamar : ", and the Record of the Year, Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, and Best Music Video for "HUMBLE", and Best Rap/Sung Performance for "LOYALTY" with Rihanna.
Kendrick Lamar : Lamar ultimately won five awards at the ceremony, for Best Rap Album, Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, Best Music Video, and Best Rap/Sung Performance.
Kendrick Lamar : At the 57th Grammy Awards in 2015, his single "i" earned him his first two wins: Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance.
Miguel Ángel Ponce : On June 7, 2017 Ponce was sent out on loan to Club Necaxa.
Miguel Ángel Ponce : Miguel Ángel Ponce Briseño (born April 12, 1989), known as Miguel Ponce, is a Mexican footballer, who plays as a defender for C.D.
Toranosuke Takagi : Toranosuke Takagi, known simply as Tora Takagi (高木 虎之介; born 12 February 1974) is a Japanese former racing driver.
Toranosuke Takagi : In 2000, Takagi joined Nakajima Racing's Formula Nippon team, earning eight victories in ten races, the most dominant performance ever by a driver in the series.
Toranosuke Takagi : He was heavily involved in the team from 1995 until he was chosen as Tyrrell's Formula One test driver in 1997.
Stefan Dörflinger : Dörflinger won four consecutive FIM road racing world championships.
Stefan Dörflinger : He successfully defended his title in 1985.
Stefan Dörflinger : In 1982 and 1983, he was the 50 cc world champion.
Stefan Dörflinger : Stefan Dörflinger (born 23 December 1948 in Nagold, Germany) is a Swiss former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Stefan Dörflinger : In 1984, the FIM increased the displacement capacity to 80 cc and Dörflinger would become the first ever 80 cc world champion.
Juan Barrera : He rejoined Estelí in summer 2013.
Juan Barrera : Boyacá Chicó F.C
Juan Barrera : Juan Ramón Barrera Pérez (born 2 May 1989) is a Nicaraguan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real Estelí FC and the Nicaragua national team.
Juan Barrera : In early March it was announced that Barrera had signed with Austrian first division team SC Rheindorf Altach becoming the first Nicaraguan to play in Europe .
Bernardo Roselli : He was awarded the title of International Master by FIDE in 1994.
Bernardo Roselli : He won the Uruguayan Chess Championship thirteen times between 1984 and 2008, and represented Uruguay at the Chess Olympiad eleven times (1986–2014).
Bernardo Roselli : Bernardo Roselli Mailhe (born 17 September 1965) a Uruguayan chess player.
Johny Schleck : Johny rode the Tour de France at the service of 1968 winner Jan Janssen and 1973 winner Luis Ocaña, and also managed to finish in the top 20 of the general classification twice: 19th in 1970 and 20th in 1967.
Michael Spence : Spence is probably most famous for his job-market signaling model, which essentially triggered the enormous volume of literature in this branch of contract theory.
Michael Spence : In this model, employees signal their respective skills to employers by acquiring a certain degree of education, which is costly to them.
Michael Spence : In 1966, he was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship at Oxford University upon graduation from Princeton University with a degree in philosophy.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe left school at the end of the year after completing Year 10.
Ian Thorpe : As a result, he did not swim in his first race until a school carnival at the age of seven.
Ian Thorpe : Both swimmers turned at 150 m in identical times.
Ian Thorpe : He won all ten events at the New South Wales Age Championships.
Ian Thorpe : He cited waning motivation for the split, stating "I decided I either had to make the change or it was to walk away from the sport".
Ian Thorpe : He set new personal bests in both events.
Ian Thorpe : This contrasted with Frost, who had a more aggressive and combative mindset, often making bold public statements.
Ian Thorpe : As a young child, Thorpe was sidelined by an allergy to chlorine.
Ian Thorpe : He became a high-profile supporter of the Children's Cancer Institute, after his sister Christina's future brother-in-law Michael Williams became gravely ill with cancer.
Ian Thorpe : He emphasised personal performance, stating "I think it's a limiting attitude to be competing against other people when you can be challenging yourself".
Ian Thorpe : By the time the final was held that night, the pressure had intensified—the host nation had yet to win its first gold medal.
Ian Thorpe : Born in Sydney, Thorpe grew up in the suburb of Milperra and hailed from a sporting family.
Ian Thorpe : Frost said that Thorpe's selection catalysed his eventual focus on freestyle.
Ian Thorpe : His reasoning that the strength gains would outweigh any loss in flexibility raised concerns over his physiological strategy.
Ian Thorpe : The criticism continued to mount during their partnership, particularly during the build-up to the 2004 Olympics.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's time was a Commonwealth record and with it, he secured his first national title.
Ian Thorpe : Although both were outside Lamberti's mark, Hackett went on to break it the following night in a relay event.
Ian Thorpe : A formula used by the International Swimming Statisticians Association to compare world records in different events gave his performance the highest score of all current world records.
Ian Thorpe : By this time, Thorpe's relationship with Frost was beginning to unravel.
Ian Thorpe : It was also the first time since the 1956 Summer Olympics that Australia had topped the medal tally at a global meet.
Ian Thorpe : Despite defeating Hackett in both races to retain his titles, he later admitted that he was "pretty disappointed" with his performances.
Ian Thorpe : The allergy forced Thorpe to swim with his head out of the water; despite this ungainly technique, he won the race, primarily because of his significant size advantage.
Ian Thorpe : However, paternal pressure detracted from Ken's enjoyment of cricket, and he retired at the age of 26.
Ian Thorpe : He thus dropped the 800 m freestyle despite being the reigning world champion and record holder.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe had always insisted that his swimming was about enjoyment and improving himself in setting faster times, rather than victory or defeat.
Ian Thorpe : This presented a dilemma, as the national team was sponsored and wore outfits designed by Speedo, leading to months of protracted discussions and uncertainty.
Ian Thorpe : During this period, his times in the 400 m and 200 m freestyle deteriorated, and both he and Menzies were criticised.
Ian Thorpe : On returning from Europe, Thorpe faced further uncertainty until he was granted permission to wear his Adidas suit instead of the Australian uniforms provided by Speedo.
Ian Thorpe : Admitting that tension existed between him and Frost, Thorpe asserted that the split was amicable.
Ian Thorpe : Along with the switch of coaches, Thorpe indicated that he would put more focus on improving his sprinting ability.
Ian Thorpe : This earned him a Commonwealth spot in a seventh event, leading to further media speculation that he could match Spitz.
Ian Thorpe : He has called for the introduction of blood testing, promised to surrender a frozen sample for retrospective testing and repeatedly criticised FINA for drug-testing procedures that he regards as inadequate.
Ian Thorpe : After the 2002 Pan Pacific Championships, Thorpe announced that he was splitting with Frost to train with one of his assistants, Tracey Menzies, who had no prior international experience.
Ian Thorpe : To compound his commercial difficulties, Thorpe had an uncertain end to the sporting year when, in October, he broke a bone in his ankle whilst jogging.
Ian Thorpe : Due to his unhappy experiences, Ken Thorpe regarded enjoyment as the most critical aspect of his children's participation in sport.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe arrived in Fukuoka having been chosen by broadcaster TV Asahi as the marketing drawcard of the event.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe gained selection for the world championships by finishing fourth and second in the 200 m and 400 m freestyle respectively.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe disagreed, pointing to his informal search for knowledge, stating that "Swimming is a small part of my life".
Ian Thorpe : This set a new world record of 3 min 40.59 s. Secret tests carried out by the Italian National Olympic Committee prior to the Olympics later showed that Rosolino had abnormal levels of human growth hormone.
Ian Thorpe : By the end of Thorpe's leg, the Australians were two seconds ahead of the world record pace, and three seconds ahead of the Americans, having extended the lead by two body lengths.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe won, but was unusually angry at having failed to lower his previous best, publicly stating that he "wasn't with it" and that he had "one of the worst warm-ups ever".
Ian Thorpe : He also experimented by adding the 100 m backstroke to his repertoire, placing second.
Ian Thorpe : A talented batsman, he once topped the season's batting averages ahead of former Australian captain Bob Simpson.
Ian Thorpe : In total, Thorpe has won eleven World Championship gold medals; this is the third-highest number of gold medals won by any swimmer.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe was adamant that this was impossible, and scrapped his seventh event, the 200 m individual medley from his Olympic program.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe gradually overcame the ailment and progressed to the captaincy of New South Wales for the Australian Primary Schools Championships in 1994.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's rise continued when the Australians arrived in Kuala Lumpur during September for the Commonwealth Games.
Ian Thorpe : As a result of the media attention generated by his win on home soil, Thorpe received multiple offers for television commercials and was often surrounded by autograph hunters.
Ian Thorpe : In 1995, Thorpe started his secondary education at East Hills Boys Technology High School and switched coaches to swim alongside his sister under the tutelage of Doug Frost.
Ian Thorpe : Ian James Thorpe, (born 13 October 1982) is an Australian retired swimmer who specialised in freestyle, but also competed in backstroke and the individual medley.
Ian Thorpe : The retired Talbot expressed concerns that Thorpe was making a decision whilst he was physically and emotionally drained, while other coaches felt that the new relationship would end up with Thorpe, rather than Menzies, making the decisions.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe started 2000 looking to add a third individual event to his Olympic schedule.
Ian Thorpe : Given the context of the race, Thorpe rated it as his best-ever performance, ahead of his victories at Olympic and World level.
Ian Thorpe : He lowered his world record to 1 min 44.06 s in the process, prompting van den Hoogenband to raise his arm aloft.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe promptly donated the A$25,000 prizemoney for breaking the first world record in the pool to charity.
Ian Thorpe : As a result of starting harder than usual, Thorpe faded as van den Hoogenband drew away to claim gold and equal his world record, stunning the home crowd.
Ian Thorpe : Afterwards, he revealed that both he and Hackett had deliberately conserved energy for the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay later in the night.
Ian Thorpe : He explored his options by contesting the 1500 m freestyle at the New South Wales Championships in January, which he won.
Ian Thorpe : Following his victory in the 200 and 400 events in Athens, Thorpe said that his results justified his decision, despite posting substantially faster times as a young swimmer under Frost.
Ian Thorpe : Aged 14 years and 5 months, Thorpe became the 463rd and youngest ever male to be selected for the Australian team, surpassing John Konrads' record by one month.
Ian Thorpe : Frost knew that Thorpe had no realistic chance of making the top two in any event, which would have meant Olympic selection at only 13 years and six months.
Ian Thorpe : The Pan Pacific Championships followed in Yokohama less than a month later, with media speculation about Thorpe and Frost overshadowing the racing.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe attracted further criticism when he withdrew from the inaugural Duel in the Pool with a medical complaint, despite travelling overseas for commercial and charity work.
Ian Thorpe : In a wider arena, he was named Young Australian of the Year, ABC Sports Star of the Year, and Male Athlete of the Year at the Australian Sports Awards.
Ian Thorpe : In February 2011, Thorpe announced that he would come out of retirement and attempt to qualify for the 2012 Olympics in London.
Ian Thorpe : The year 1999 began with heavy media expectations that Thorpe would inevitably break both 200 m and 400 m world records, given his continuing physical growth.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe embarked on a European FINA World Cup tour to hone his racecraft, but this was overshadowed by comments made by German head coach Manfred Thiesmann accusing him of using steroids.
Ian Thorpe : The relay saw him dive in fractionally ahead of American Jason Lezak after Klim, Callus and Pearson had completed the first three legs.
Ian Thorpe : In June 1997, two months before the Pan Pacific Championships, Thorpe required an appendix operation, which caused him to miss two weeks of training.
Ian Thorpe : His father Ken was a promising cricketer at junior level, representing Bankstown District Cricket Club in Sydney's district competition.
Ian Thorpe : The opening night saw him pitted against Hackett and South Africa's Ryk Neethling in the 400 m freestyle final.
Ian Thorpe : Rosolino aside, Thorpe had left bronze medallist Klete Keller fifteen metres in arrears.
Ian Thorpe : His athletic achievements made him one of Australia's most popular athletes, and he was recognised as the Young Australian of the Year in 2000.
Ian Thorpe : His attempt to secure a third individual berth failed after he finished fourth in the final of the 100 m and withdrew from the 1500 m.
Ian Thorpe : With Thorpe expected to deliver world records at his first international meet in Sydney, the event was shown live on Australian television for the first time.
Ian Thorpe : The Americans were expected to win, and with his typically slow start, Thorpe turned a body length behind with 50 m remaining.
Ian Thorpe : Despite Thorpe's assertion that he could not match Spitz, Frost predicted that Thorpe could win nine golds at one Olympics.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe touched in 1 min 45.83 s, the first time that he had swum slower in the final than in the qualifying rounds.
Ian Thorpe : When he tied with Ashley Callus in a time of 49.05 s, he was criticised by "The Sydney Morning Herald" which stated "The measure of Thorpe's sprinting ability is that he could only match the efforts of a virus-riddled Callus".
Ian Thorpe : Although anchorman Kowalski finished outside the world record, it was the first time that Australia had won the event at the global level since 1956.
Ian Thorpe : Prior to the 200 m final, Thorpe was seen arguing with Frost in the warm-up area.
Ian Thorpe : The 1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships were held in August at Sydney Olympic Park, and were viewed as a rehearsal for the 2000 Summer Olympics to be held in the same venue.
Ian Thorpe : Along with teammates Michael Klim, Ian van der Wal and Hackett, Thorpe claimed silver, making him the youngest ever Pan Pacific medalist.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's performances as Australia's leading medalist for the Games were recognised when the Australian Olympic Committee granted him the honour of carrying the flag at the closing ceremony.
Ian Thorpe : Immediately after the Pan Pacific Championships, Thorpe's management announced his signing to Adidas for an undisclosed six-figure sum, stating that he would race in their new bodysuit.
Ian Thorpe : When Thorpe broke the 200 m freestyle Olympic record in the heats the following morning, his main rival Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands (with World No.
Ian Thorpe : His elder sister Christina was advised to take up swimming to strengthen a broken wrist, so by chance, the five-year-old Thorpe followed her into the pool.
Ian Thorpe : With the past uncertainties resolved, Thorpe proceeded to the Olympic selection trials at Sydney Olympic Park in May 2000.
Ian Thorpe : In October 1997, a few days before his fifteenth birthday, Thorpe competed in qualifying trials in Brisbane for the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth.
Ian Thorpe : His wins in the 200 m and 400 m and his bronze in the 100 m freestyle at the 2004 Summer Olympics made him the only male to have won medals in the 100–200–400 combination.
Ian Thorpe : In spite of the media disappointment, Thorpe's six gold medals equalled the record set by Susie O'Neill, completing all in Games or World record time.
Ian Thorpe : At the age of 14, Thorpe became the youngest male ever to represent Australia, and his victory in the 400 metre freestyle at the 1998 Perth World Championships made him the youngest-ever individual male World Champion.
Ian Thorpe : When he collected a silver in his first international race in the 100 m backstroke with another personal best behind world champion Matt Welsh, he was forced to rebuff media comparisons to Spitz.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's mother Margaret played A-grade netball, but he did not inherit his parents' ball skills.
Ian Thorpe : Their time lowered their own world record by more than three seconds, completing Thorpe's fourth world record in four nights.
Ian Thorpe : Van den Hoogenband started quickly and Thorpe chased him, reaching the 100 m mark just 0.04 s behind.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's achievements led to predictions that he could match Mark Spitz's seven gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics, which he played down.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe ignored Frost's advice and bulked up his upper body by a further 5 kg to 105 kg, making him the heaviest elite swimmer in history.
Ian Thorpe : The first major test of Thorpe's partnership with Menzies came at the Australian Championships held in Sydney in March.
Ian Thorpe : After his record six gold medals in Fukuoka, the meet was surrounded by further expectations of world records and speculation that he would match Spitz's seven gold medals.
Ian Thorpe : He then claimed the 400 m freestyle title from Hackett and clocked 50.36 s in the 100 m freestyle.
Ian Thorpe : Entering the Olympics, the Australian public expected Thorpe to deliver multiple world records and gold medals as a formality; Sydney's "Daily Telegraph" posted a front-page spread headlined "Invincible".
Ian Thorpe : He claimed the 100 m and 200 m events in times outside his best, making it the first time that he had failed to break a world record at a major meet since 1999.
Ian Thorpe : Now six feet tall, Ian competed at his first Australian Age Championships, winning bronze medals in the 200 m and 400 m freestyle.
Ian Thorpe : He claimed a fourth gold in the 400 m freestyle, setting another personal best, just 0.55 s slower than Kieren Perkins' 1994 mark.
Ian Thorpe : With the 2001 Australian Championships held in Hobart in March, Thorpe added the 800 m freestyle to his repertoire, after FINA had added the event for the 2001 World Aquatics Championships.
Ian Thorpe : His performances formed the basis for Australia's gold medal win over the United States 13–9.
Ian Thorpe : His time earned silver in his first 100 m race at the national level, gaining him Commonwealth selection in three individual events.
Ian Thorpe : Talbot reacted to the performance by dubbing Thorpe as "the greatest swimmer we've [Australia] ever had", whilst four-time American Olympic gold medalist Rowdy Gaines, commentating for NBC, said "...he went into a balls-out sprint at 250 – and I have never seen anything like that...I have been around swimming a long time and it's the most amazing swim I've ever seen, hands down."
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe found some relief by setting a new Commonwealth record of 2 min 00.11 s in his first long course 200 m individual medley outing, the fifth fastest time in the past year.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe led throughout, and although Italy's Massimiliano Rosolino was within a body length at the 300 m mark, Thorpe's finishing kick extended the final margin to three body lengths.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe competed at the 1996 Australian Age Championships in Brisbane, winning five gold, two silver and two bronze medals.
Ian Thorpe : After that victory, Thorpe dominated the 400 m freestyle, winning the event at every Olympic, World, Commonwealth and Pan Pacific Swimming Championships until his break after the 2004 Olympics in Athens.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe did not threaten any of his world records, completing the 400 m and 200 m freestyle more than two and one seconds respectively off his best.
Ian Thorpe : After his feats at the 2003 World Championships, Speedo had generated significant media publicity by offering Michael Phelps US$1 million if he could match Spitz's seven golds.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's first international appearance in his home country, at the 1998 World Championships in Perth, began with the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay.
Ian Thorpe : The following day, he lowered his 200 m world record to 1 min 45.69 s in the semi-finals, before lowering it again to 1 min 45.51 s in the final.
Ian Thorpe : It was a busy year for the family; Christina was selected for the Australian team to compete at the 1995 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Atlanta.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe was the first person to have been named "Swimming World" Swimmer of the Year four times, and was the Australian Swimmer of the Year from 1999 to 2003.
Ian Thorpe : With the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay being held after the 400 m freestyle on the first night, Thorpe appeared to be conserving energy when he reached the 200 m mark two seconds outside his world record.
Ian Thorpe : Having overtaken Klim as Australia's leading 100 m freestyle swimmer, Thorpe was entrusted with anchoring the 4 × 100 m medley relay team on 28 July.
Ian Thorpe : The first opportunity came in late March at the 1999 Australian Championships in Brisbane, which doubled as a selection event for the 1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships.
Ian Thorpe : Later the same night, Thorpe anchored the Australians to a historic victory in the 4 × 100 m freestyle final, the first time the United States had lost the event.
Ian Thorpe : He again broke his 400 m world record on the first night of racing, lowering it to 3 min 41.33 s to earn his first Olympic selection.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe lined up later in the night alongside Klim, Chris Fydler and Ashley Callus to anchor the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay, an event which the Americans had never lost at Olympic level.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe returned to victory when he led off the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay the following night, setting up a 10 m lead over American Scott Goldblatt in the first leg.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe began his campaign with a victory over Hackett in the 400 m freestyle in a time five seconds outside his world record.
Ian Thorpe : The Australian team then travelled to Hong Kong for the 1999 World Short Course Championships, where Thorpe broke Lamberti's mark in the 200 m freestyle, the longest standing world record at the time.
Ian Thorpe : The following night in the 800 m event, he drew away from Hackett in the last 100 m to break Kieren Perkins' 1994 world record by over four seconds.
Ian Thorpe : Anchoring the team of Klim, Hackett and Kirby, the Australians lowered their world record time by more than two seconds, leaving the Italians more than six seconds in arrears.
Ian Thorpe : After Matt Welsh, Regan Harrison and Geoff Huegill had finished their legs, Thorpe's change left him half a body length behind the new 100 m world champion Anthony Ervin of the United States.
Ian Thorpe : His times in the 400 m freestyle and 200 m backstroke qualified him for the Australian Championships, which doubled as selection trials for the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe rounded off his Olympics by swimming in the heats of the 4 × 100 m medley relay, and collected a silver medal when the finals quartet finished behind the Americans.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's first event was the 200 m freestyle, where he led throughout to record a time just one hundredth of a second outside Giorgio Lamberti's world record.
Ian Thorpe : Aside from 13 individual long-course world records, Thorpe anchored the Australian relay teams, numbering the victories in the 4 × 100 m and the 4 × 200 m freestyle relays in Sydney among his five relay world records.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe cruised through the heats of the 400 m on the first morning of competition, posting a new Olympic record and shortening bookmakers' odds to 50–1.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe finished the Championships by continuing his improvement in the 100 m freestyle, posting a time of 49.98 s, his first under the 50 s barrier.
Ian Thorpe : The 200 m freestyle rematch with van den Hoogenband provided Thorpe with a chance to rectify his strategy from the Olympics; this time he allowed the Dutchman to lead through the first 100 m. Thorpe pulled even at the 150 m mark and then broke away towards the finishing wall two body lengths clear.
Ian Thorpe : On the first night in Manchester, Thorpe again lowered his 400 m mark by 0.09 s to 3 min 40.08 s, before anchoring the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay team to another gold.
Ian Thorpe : Although Thorpe was unable to reclaim the individual world record, he, Klim, Kirby and Todd Pearson lowered their world record to 7 min 07.05 s, over five seconds ahead of the Americans—the largest winning margin in an Olympic relay for half a century.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's next competition was in March at the Australian Championships in Melbourne, which were selection trials for the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Malaysia.
Ian Thorpe : His subsequent victory in the 100 m freestyle in a new personal best of 49.05 s made him the first since Konrads in 1959 to hold all Australian freestyle titles from 100 m to 800 m. This indicated that he could swim faster at the subsequent World Championships in Fukuoka, where he was looking to regain the ascendancy from van den Hoogenband.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe began his campaign by successfully defending his 400 m title with a time just 0.17 s outside his world record.
Ian Thorpe : Ranked fourth for the event countrywide, Thorpe went into the Australian Championships in Adelaide as a serious contender for selection in the national team for the 1997 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Fukuoka, Japan.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's improvement continued when he defeated Klim in the 200 m freestyle in 1 min 47.24 s, faster than Klim's winning time at the World Championship two months earlier.
Ian Thorpe : Hackett established a comfortable 2.29 s lead over Thorpe by the 300 m mark, and although Thorpe reduced the margin to 1.53 s at the 350 m mark, Hackett led until Thorpe passed him on the final stroke.
Ian Thorpe : At year's end, he was again named by Swimming Australia as the Swimmer of the Year, but van den Hoogenband usurped him as the leading male swimmer chosen by "Swimming World Magazine".
Ian Thorpe : His impact in the swimming community was acknowledged when he became the youngest male swimmer to be named as the "Swimming World" Swimmer of the Year.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe did manage to lower his personal best in the 100 m freestyle to 48.73 s en route to his fourth gold, and anchored the 4 × 200 m freestyle and 4 × 100 m medley relays to comfortable victories.
Ian Thorpe : Despite a turbulent year, he was again named by "Swimming World" as its World Swimmer of the Year.
Ian Thorpe : However his performance throughout the year was recognised when he was again named as the World Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World", and by Swimming Australia as its Swimmer of the Year.
Ian Thorpe : Thorpe's winning streak was interrupted in the 100 m freestyle when his personal best of 48.81 s placed him fourth, but he returned to form in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay.
Jeremy Northam : He made his American film debut in "The Net" (1995).
Jeremy Northam : Jeremy Philip Northam (born 1 December 1961) is an English actor.
Frédéric Weis : He is also a television analyst for French league games.
Frédéric Weis : Frédéric Weis (born 22 June 1977) is a French retired professional basketball player.
Frédéric Weis : After surviving the attempt, Weis eventually quit drinking and reconciled with his wife.
Frédéric Weis : In 2008, Weis drove to a rest stop in Biarritz, and attempted suicide, by intentionally overdosing on sleeping pills.
Frédéric Weis : On 28 January 2009 Iurbentia Bilbao waived him, after he missed 3 games in a row, due to his health, and on 13 February he signed with ViveMenorca.
Frédéric Weis : In 2002, Weis' wife, Celia, gave birth to a son, Enzo, while Weis was playing in Spain.
Frédéric Weis : Following his retirement from basketball, Weis and Celia began operating a tobacco shop and bar in Limoges.
Frédéric Weis : With France's national team he played at the following EuroBaskets: the 1999 EuroBasket, the 2001 EuroBasket, the 2005 EuroBasket, and the 2007 EuroBasket.
Akon : Akon's three years in jail saw him begin to recognize his music abilities and develop an appreciation for his musical background.
Akon : After only six weeks, "Konvicted" sold more than one million records in the U.S.
Akon : 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Akon : Akon's solo debut album, "Trouble" was released on June 29, 2004.
Akon : At age 7, he moved with his family to Union City, New Jersey, splitting his time between the United States and Senegal until settling in Newark, New Jersey.
Akon : A child of a dancer mother and a percussionist father, Mor Thiam, Akon learned to play five instruments, including drums, guitar and djembe.
Akon : He has since founded two successful record labels, Konvict Muzik and KonLive Distribution.
Akon : He rose to prominence in 2004 following the release of "Locked Up", the first single from his debut album, "Trouble".
Akon : "Ghetto" became a radio hit when it was remixed by DJ Green Lantern to include verses from rappers 2Pac and The Notorious B.I.G.
Akon : Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiam (; born April 16, 1973) is a Senegalese-American singer, songwriter, record producer, entrepreneur, philanthropist and actor.
T. T. Boy : He has worked under such names as T.T.
T. T. Boy : He has worked under such names as T.T.
T. T. Boy : Boyd, Max Reynolds, Max Cash, and Butch.
T. T. Boy : T. T. Boy (born April 30, 1968 in Puerto Rico) is an American pornographic performer.
John Kasich : John Richard Kasich Jr. ( ; born May 13, 1952) is an American politician, author, and television news host who served as the 69th Governor of Ohio from 2011 to 2019.
John Kasich : The last execution in Ohio took place in July 2018.
John Kasich : Kasich suspended his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination (i.e., effectively dropped out of the race) on May 4, 2016, one day after Trump won the Republican primary in Indiana.
John Kasich : Kasich worked for Fox News, hosting "Heartland with John Kasich" from 2001 to 2007 and was a fill-in host for "The O'Reilly Factor".
Fernando Colomo : In the 2019 Spanish general election, he candidated to the Spanish Senate for Madrid within Recortes Cero - Grupo Verde - Partido Castellano - Tierra Comunera.
Fernando Colomo : Fernando Colomo Gómez (born 2 February 1946) is a Spanish film producer, screenwriter and film director.
Khalfan Ibrahim : He was named the Asian Player of the Year in 2006, becoming the first Qatari to win the title.
Khalfan Ibrahim : Khalfan won the 2011 AFC Champions League with Al Sadd.
Khalfan Ibrahim : His father, Ibrahim Khalfan Al Khalfan, is a former footballer who played for Al Arabi and the Qatar national team.
Khalfan Ibrahim : 2005–06 was a significantly improved season for him when he scored goals in the Qatar League, Crown Prince Cup and Asian Champions League.
Richard Russo : Russo was teaching in the English department at Southern Illinois University Carbondale when his first novel, "Mohawk", was published, in 1986.
Richard Russo : He earned a bachelor's degree, a Master of Fine Arts degree, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Arizona, which he attended from 1967 through 1979.
Richard Russo : His 2001 novel "Empire Falls" received the 2002 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Richard Russo : Richard Russo (born July 15, 1949) is an American novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and teacher.
Richard Russo : Russo was born in Johnstown, New York, and raised in nearby Gloversville.
Richard Russo : Russo co-wrote the 1998 film "Twilight" with the director Robert Benton.
Alberto Tomba : As a child, he participated in sports like tennis, soccer, and dirt biking, but he found that his greatest passion was for skiing.
Alberto Tomba : "Tomba la Bomba" ("Tomba the Bomb"), as he was known, also earned some notoriety by asking out East German figure skater Katarina Witt, whom he met again later on.
Alberto Tomba : Tomba's performance at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano was a sign that his career was winding to a close: for the first time in his Olympic career, he failed to medal after crashing in giant slalom.
Alberto Tomba : Alberto Tomba (born 19 December 1966 in San Lazzaro di Savena) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Italy.
Alberto Tomba : Alberto Tomba was born in Bologna and raised in Castel de Britti, a village in the municipality of San Lazzaro di Savena – an area without strong alpine traditions, but not far from the appenninic piste of Monte Cimone and Corno alle Scale.
Alberto Tomba : Two months later, in Åre, Sweden, he surprised the skiing world by finishing sixth from a bib number of 62.
Alberto Tomba : At the 1989 World Championships in Vail, Colorado, he could do no better than sixth place in the super G and seventh in the giant slalom.
Alberto Tomba : On 27 November 1987, Tomba scored his first World Cup victory, in a slalom at Sestriere, Italy.
Alberto Tomba : Tomba was back to his usual ways at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
Alberto Tomba : In the first run of the GS, he finished an impressive 1.14 seconds ahead of his nearest competitor.
Alberto Tomba : Alberto Tomba retired at the end of the 1998 season, but not before winning a last World Cup race at the Finals at Crans-Montana where he grabbed the slalom, becoming the only alpine male skier to have won at least one World Cup race per year for 11 consecutive seasons.
Alberto Tomba : Tomba was suffering from a fever during the giant slalom and made a critical mistake in the slalom, failing to reach the podium in either race.
Alberto Tomba : Two days later he won the giant slalom, beating his idol, Ingemar Stenmark.
Alberto Tomba : His first podium came the following season in Alta Badia, Italy in December 1986, and later that winter he won bronze in the giant slalom at the 1987 World Championships in Crans-Montana, Switzerland - the only medal won by the Italian team at that World Championships.
Alberto Tomba : He was disqualified in the giant slalom and had a disappointing first run in the slalom, but an excellent second run was good enough for his last major medal, a bronze.
Alberto Tomba : After the first run of the slalom, he was seemingly out of medal contention, (placed 12th) 1.84 seconds behind leader Thomas Stangassinger (and 1.00 behind place 3, Peter Roth), but in the second run he recovered to second place and won the silver medal.
Alberto Tomba : At the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Tomba won gold medals in slalom and giant slalom.
Lúcio : Lúcio started playing football for his hometown club Planaltina as a forward.
Lúcio : Lucimar Ferreira da Silva (born 8 May 1978), commonly known as Lúcio, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a central defender.
Lúcio : In total, he made only four appearances in all competitions during his next sixth months with the club: one in Serie A, two in the Champions League, and one in the Supercoppa Italiana.
Lúcio : He played in the "Seleção"'s first match against North Korea on 15 June 2010, leading his team to a narrow 2–1 win.
Lúcio : In 2004, he arrived at Bayern Munich, where he won three Cups and three Bundesliga titles.
Samardo Samuels : On August 17, 2010, Samuels signed a 3-year, $2.3 million contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Samardo Samuels : At season's end St. Benedict's was ranked #2 in the nation by "USA Today".
Samardo Samuels : Samardo Samuels (born January 9, 1989) is a Jamaican professional basketball player for Panionios of the Greek Basket League.
Samardo Samuels : He, alongside class of 2010 star Tristan Thompson led St. Benedicts's Prep to a 24–1 record in the 2007–2008 season.
Samardo Samuels : Samuels attended Saint Benedict's Preparatory School in Newark, New Jersey.
Samardo Samuels : After going undrafted in the 2010 NBA draft, Samuels played for the Chicago Bulls in the 2010 NBA Summer League, averaging 12.6 points and 7.4 rebounds.
Samardo Samuels : He chose the Cardinals over Connecticut, Florida, Georgetown and North Carolina.
Kamil Kopúnek : In October 2009, he became a captain.
Kamil Kopúnek : He became a first-team player in January 2002 at the young age of 17 and made his debut in spring 2002, receiving a red card in his first match.
Kamil Kopúnek : Kamil Kopúnek (born 18 May 1984) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Italian Bisceglie as a defensive midfielder.
Kamil Kopúnek : Kamil Kopúnek started his career with his local club, Spartak Trnava.
Kamil Kopúnek : Kopúnek represented Slovakia on junior levels and played at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in all four matches for national U-20 team.
Johan Mjällby : Karl Johan Siward Mjällby (; born 9 February 1971) is a Swedish football manager in charge of FC Stockholm in the Swedish fourth tier Division 2.
Jesús Julián Lucendo : He made 27 appearances internationally for Andorra.
Jesús Julián Lucendo : Jesús Julián Lucendo (born 19 April 1970) is a former Andorran national footballer of Spanish origin.
Erik Thorstvedt : Erik Thorstvedt (born 28 October 1962 in Stavanger) is a former Norwegian professional football goalkeeper.
Bobby Unser : After a 5-month lawsuit and protest by Penske, Bobby Unser was re-awarded the win in October 1981.
Bobby Unser : When he turned 1 his family moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Bobby Unser : In 1969 Unser won his first USAC National Driving Championship.
Bobby Unser : He leads the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb with 13 wins, setting a new track record nine times.
Bobby Unser : Robert William "Bobby" Unser (born February 20, 1934) is an American former automobile racer.
Bobby Unser : Unser became a television commentator for Indy car races after his retirement working for NBC, ABC, and ESPN.
Bobby Unser : He won numerous racing championships throughout his career, including three Indianapolis 500 titles.
Bobby Unser : Unser raced in his first Indianapolis 500 in 1963.
Bobby Unser : He is one of ten drivers to win the Indianapolis 500 three or more times and one of only two (followed by Rick Mears) to have won the 500 in three different decades (1968, 1975, 1981).
Rick Scott : Rick Scott was born Richard Lynn Myers in Bloomington, Illinois, on December 1, 1952.
Edu Marangon : Carlos Eduardo Marangon (born 2 February 1963), best known as Edu Marangon or as Edu, is a retired Brazilian football player and manager, who played as a midfielder.
Gorka Iraizoz : Gorka Iraizoz Moreno (born 6 March 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Gorka Iraizoz : On 14 June 2017, Iraizoz agreed to a two-year deal at Girona FC, promoted to the top flight for the first time ever.
Gorka Iraizoz : After beginning his football career with local team UDC Chantrea, he moved to the Basque Country with Athletic Bilbao, serving stints with affiliates CD Basconia and Bilbao Athletic.
René Ngongo : Ngongo graduated from the University of Kisangani with a bachelor's degree in Biology in 1987.
René Ngongo : René Ngongo (born October 1961 in Goma, Republic of the Congo) is a Congolese biologist, environmentalist and political activist.
René Ngongo : In 2009, René Ngongo received the Right Livelihood Award "for his courage in confronting the forces that are destroying the Congo’s rainforests and building political support for their conservation and sustainable use”.
Philipp Oswald : 37 was reached on 23 February 2015.
Philipp Oswald : Philipp Oswald (; born 23 January 1986) is an Austrian professional tennis player, who primarily plays doubles events on the ATP World Tour.
Philipp Oswald : On 7 December 2009, he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of world No.
Rolando Panerai : Rolando Panerai (17 October 1924 – 22 October 2019) was an Italian baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertoire.
Gerard Way : Super Show!
Gerard Way : So it's no surprise that all of my inspirations and style influences were pushing gender boundaries.
Gerard Way : Masculinity to me has always made me feel like it wasn't right for me."
Gerard Way : The album, titled "Hesitant Alien", was released on September 30, 2014.
Gerard Way : Freddy ["sic"] Mercury, Bowie, Iggy, early glam, T-Rex.
Gerard Way : In a Reddit Ask Me Anything (AMA) hosted by Way in October 2014, he stated, "I have always been extremely sensitive to those that have gender identity issues as I feel like I have gone through it as well, if even on a smaller scale.
Gerard Way : I have always identified a fair amount with the female gender, and began at a certain point in MCR to express this through my look and performance style.
Gerard Way : In 2014, Way began openly discussing his gender identity struggles online and in interviews.
Gerard Way : Their daughter, Bandit Lee Way, was born on May 27, 2009.
Gerard Way : On September 3, 2007, after a concert in Colorado, Way married Lyn-Z, bassist of Mindless Self Indulgence, backstage on the final date of the Projekt Revolution tour.
Gerard Way : He also contributed vocals for the vocal mix of the deadmau5 song "Professional Griefers".
Gerard Way : Deciding to pursue a career in the comic-book industry, he attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City, graduating with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1999.
Gerard Way : In May 2014, Way launched his Tumblr-based website where he announced that he had signed to Warner Bros. Records as a solo artist and was nearing completion of his first solo album.
Gerard Way : They pitched it to Cartoon Network, but the network declined to pick up the concept on the grounds that it was too similar to the existing property "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".
Gerard Way : Way's first attempt at writing a comic was at the age of 16 in 1993, writing a comic book series called "On Raven's Wings", published by Hart D. Fisher's Bonyard Press, which was cancelled after Issue 2 due to losing the art team; he was credited as Garry Way.
Gerard Way : Way and fellow artists Shaun Simon and Becky Cloonan co-created another comic-book series entitled "The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys", which Way announced at 2009 San Diego Comic-Con.
Gerard Way : Gerard Arthur Way (born April 9, 1977) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and comic book writer.
Andrea Orlandi : for the second qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League.
Andrea Orlandi : Andrea Orlandi Stabilin (born 3 August 1984) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a left winger or an attacking midfielder.
Andrea Orlandi : On 31 August 2012, Orlandi transferred to Brighton & Hove Albion, signing a two-year contract.
Carlos Bejarano : Carlos Andrés Bejarano Palacios (born 29 January 1985 in Quibdó) is a Colombian-born Equatoguinean-naturalised football goalkeeper currently playing for Deportivo Pasto of the Colombian First Division.
Paul Greengrass : Paul Greengrass (born 13 August 1955) is an English film director, film producer, screenwriter, and former journalist.
Paul Greengrass : In 2004, he co-wrote and produced the film "Omagh", which won British Academy Television Award.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta's first two seasons with the "Rossoneri" were very successful.
Alessandro Nesta : He was also on the cover of the Italian edition of SCEE's "This is Football 2002".
Alessandro Nesta : On 14 May 2018, Nesta was appointed manager of Perugia.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta signed a contract extension that would keep him at Milan until 2011.
Alessandro Nesta : He resigned as coach following the completion of the 2017 season, on 17 November.
Alessandro Nesta : Their daughter, Sofia, was born on 19 October 2006, and on 20 March 2008, their son Tommaso was born.
Alessandro Nesta : He began to re-emerge as a starter for the club and was one of Milan's most consistent players throughout the entire 2009–10 season under Leonardo.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta appeared in the 1998 Italian film "Paparazzi", directed by Neri Parenti.
Alessandro Nesta : On 7 May 2007, Nesta married his fiancée, Gabriela Pagnozzi, in a civil ceremony in Milan; the religious ceremony followed on 30 May 2007.
Alessandro Nesta : During his ten seasons at the Milanese club, Nesta collected 325 caps, scoring 10 goals.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta left the club with a backlog salary of €2 million, half of which were converted into shares of the "Biancocelesti" club.
Alessandro Nesta : In his first season as manager, Miami FC finished in a combined 7th place.
Alessandro Nesta : Alessandro Nesta (; born 19 March 1976) is an Italian professional football manager and former player who currently manages Serie B club Frosinone.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was a complete and dominant defender, who was influential both at club and international level, and who is regarded by pundits as being one of the greatest and most talented defenders both of his generation, and of all time.
Alessandro Nesta : He began his youth career with Lazio in 1985, playing in various roles, including as a striker and midfielder, before being placed in the role of a defender.
Alessandro Nesta : He was signed by Marco Materazzi, his former international defensive partner.
Alessandro Nesta : On 28 November 2014, it was announced that Nesta had signed for Chennaiyin FC of the Indian Super League for the remainder of the 2014 season.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta made his Impact debut against Lyon in a friendly match on 24 July.
Alessandro Nesta : Despite his talent, Nesta's career suffered from the many injuries he encountered, which hindered him from playing in the knockout stages at each of the three World Cups at which he participated.
Alessandro Nesta : He made his competitive debut three days later, in a 3–1 home win over the New York Red Bulls.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was a member of the Italy national team for a decade from his debut in 1996, earning 78 caps in total.
Alessandro Nesta : Gabriela was working for "Casa Italia", the Italy national team headquarters, during the 1998 World Cup.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was able to score his penalty kick as Milan won the shootout 3–2.
Alessandro Nesta : Their relationship was born when she tended to him following his injury against Austria.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta went on to score his first goal for Milan since April 2006 in a 1–1 draw with Siena on 15 September 2007.
Alessandro Nesta : In 2013, Nesta won his first and only title with Montreal Impact: the Canadian Championship.
Alessandro Nesta : In addition to his class, as well as his technical and physical abilities, Nesta also possessed an excellent positional and tactical sense, as well as an acute capacity to read the game, which enabled him to anticipate and close down opponents in one on one situations, and prevent attacking plays; his defensive intelligence enabled him to maintain a consistently high level of performance even towards the end of his career, as he lost his pace and stamina.
Alessandro Nesta : On 1 September 2015, Nesta was introduced as the first head coach of the newly formed Miami FC, which began play in the North American Soccer League (NASL) in April 2016.
Alessandro Nesta : Just before the 2002–03 Serie A campaign, financial woes forced Lazio to sell many of their best players, including Nesta, who transferred to Milan for €30,987,000 (60 billion lire).
Alessandro Nesta : However, Miami FC were defeated in the season playoffs semifinal round to the New York Cosmos following a 6–5 loss in penalty shootout after a goalless draw.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was once again elected to be part of the UEFA Team of the Year, for the third consecutive season.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was first discovered by Francesco Rocca, a scout for Roma, but his father, a Lazio fan, turned down the offer.
Alessandro Nesta : In the 1993–94 season he was called up to the first team, and on 13 March 1994 he made his debut in a 2–2 away draw against Udinese; Nesta came on for Pierluigi Casiraghi during the 78th minute.
Alessandro Nesta : In his second season, Miami FC finished in first place, leading them to be the Spring and Fall champions of the 2017 NASL season.
Alessandro Nesta : On 20 October 2013, Nesta announced that he would be retiring at the conclusion of the 2013 MLS Cup Playoffs after playing parts of two seasons with the Impact.
Alessandro Nesta : He earned his first cap for the "Azzurri" under Cesare Maldini in a qualifier for the 1998 FIFA World Cup against Moldova on 5 October 1996 and eventually made seven appearances in the qualifying campaign.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta continued his excellent partnership with fellow centerback Thiago Silva throughout the 2010–11 season under Massimiliano Allegri, forming a formidable defensive pairing, conceding just 24 goals in 38 games during Milan's victorious Serie A campaign.
Alessandro Nesta : During the 2002–03 season, he won the Champions League for the first time in his career as Milan defeated rivals Juventus at Old Trafford in the first all-Italian Champions League final in history.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta won his third European Super Cup in August 2007 when Milan defeated Sevilla 3–1.
Alessandro Nesta : Widely considered to be one of the best centre backs of his time and also as one of the greatest defenders ever, he was best known for his pace, artistic tackles, elegance on the ball, distribution and tight marking of opponents.
Alessandro Nesta : During this time, he would form a formidable defensive line alongside Paolo Maldini, Cafu, Alessandro Costacurta and Jaap Stam, among others.
Alessandro Nesta : After featuring in defence for Italy during the Euro 2000 qualifying campaign under Dino Zoff, Nesta featured in the Italian starting lineup at Euro 2000, partnering with Paolo Maldini and Fabio Cannavaro in defence throughout most of the tournament.
Alessandro Nesta : Nesta was elected to be part of both the UEFA Team of the Year and the FIFPro World XI for his performances that season.
Alessandro Nesta : Financial problems for Lazio and its then-president Sergio Cragnotti led to the sale of Nesta to Milan in 2002.
Alessandro Nesta : He assumed the team captaincy in 1997 under Sven-Göran Eriksson, and helped Lazio win the 1998 Coppa Italia against Milan in the final, in which he scored the winning goal.
Alessandro Nesta : A few months later, he was named to Italy's UEFA Euro 1996 squad in England by Arrigo Sacchi, but did not come off the bench as Italy were eliminated in the group stage by eventual finalists Germany and the Czech Republic.
Alessandro Nesta : The following season, Milan lost both the 2003 Supercoppa Italiana to Juventus and the Intercontinental Cup final to Boca Juniors, on penalties.
Alessandro Nesta : The following season Nesta scored his first brace for Milan in a 2–1 victory over Chievo in the Serie A.
Alessandro Nesta : Despite Milan's point deduction during the season, Nesta was also able to return from injury in time to help Milan manage a fourth-place finish in Serie A, clinching the final Champions League spot.
Alessandro Nesta : Despite missing most of the 2006–07 season due to a shoulder injury, Nesta played a vital part in Milan's return to the 2007 Champions League final, where Milan avenged their 2005 final loss, defeating Liverpool 2–1 in Athens.
Alessandro Nesta : Milan also reached the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2006, losing out to eventual champions Barcelona, while they were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the Coppa Italia.
Alessandro Nesta : Milan would disappoint throughout the rest of the season, however, finishing fifth in Serie A and being eliminated in the round of 16 of the UEFA Champions League and the Coppa Italia.
Alessandro Nesta : With Milan, he won two Serie A titles, a Coppa Italia, two Supercoppa Italiana, two Champions Leagues, two UEFA Super Cups and a FIFA Club World Cup.
Ken Wilber : Kenneth Earl Wilber II (born January 31, 1949) is an American writer on transpersonal psychology and his own integral theory, a systematic philosophy which suggests the synthesis of all human knowledge and experience.
Eladio Jiménez : Eladio Jiménez Sánchez (born March 10, 1976 in Ciudad Rodrigo, Province of Salamanca) is a retired Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
Eladio Jiménez : On December 7, 2009 the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) announced that Jiménez had tested positive for erythropoietin (EPO) after winning stage 6 of the 2009 Volta a Portugal.
Loukas Mavrokefalidis : He was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 2nd round (57th overall) of the 2006 NBA draft.
Loukas Mavrokefalidis : From the first days of his professional career, PAOK head coach Bane Prelević took advantage of his height and decided to play him at the center position, which, as it was proved later in his career, fit him very well.
Loukas Mavrokefalidis : He signed with the Spanish League club FC Barcelona in May 2013.
Loukas Mavrokefalidis : Loukas Mavrokefalidis (alternate spelling: Mavrokefalides) (Greek: Λουκάς Μαυροκεφαλίδης; born July 25, 1984) is a Greek professional basketball player for Promitheas Patras of the Greek Basket League and the EuroCup.
Julio Ángel Fernández : He is an active researcher of the Researchers National System of Uruguay.
Julio Ángel Fernández : From 2005 to 2010, he was the Dean of the Universidad de la Republica's Faculty of Sciences.
Julio Ángel Fernández : Julio Ángel Fernández Alves (born Montevideo, 5 April 1946) is a Uruguayan astronomer and teacher, member of the department of astronomy at the Universidad de la República in Montevideo.
Julio Ángel Fernández : In 2006, Fernández was one of a number of dissenters at the IAU's meeting to establish the first definition of "planet."
Adrian Gaxha : Adrian Gaxha (; born 13 February 1984) is an Albanian singer-songwriter and producer.
Sergio Batista : Sergio Daniel "Checho" Batista (; born 9 November 1962) is an Argentine football manager and former international player.
Roberto Bettega : He scored the winning goal.
Roberto Bettega : Roberto Bettega (; born 27 December 1950) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward.
Zack Snyder : He also won the Society of British Advertisers Award for Humor for his controversial EB Beer commercial "General's Party."
Zack Snyder : He made his feature film debut in 2004 with a remake of the 1978 horror film "Dawn of the Dead".
Zack Snyder : Snyder's body of work has earned him a number of awards, including two Clio Awards and a Gold Lion Award for his Jeep "Frisbee" commercial.
Zack Snyder : Zachary Edward Snyder (born March 1, 1966) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
Zack Snyder : Afterward, Snyder attended Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California.
Zack Snyder : Snyder is the co-founder of The Stone Quarry, which was formerly known as Cruel and Unusual Films, a production company he established in 2004, alongside his wife Deborah Snyder and producing partner Wesley Coller.
Ashley Barnes : He featured in five league matches for the club but did not find the back of the net.
Ashley Barnes : He was subsequently handed a seven-match suspension by the Football Association.
Ashley Barnes : His performances at the back-end of the 2008–09 season were rewarded when he signed a two-year contract extension in May 2009.
Ashley Barnes : He was spotted by Austrian officials while on a pre-season tour with Plymouth Argyle in July 2008, and as a result he was called up to their Under-20 team to face Switzerland on 19 August 2008, the match was part of a four nation friendly tournament featuring Austria, Germany, Italy, and Switzerland.
Ashley Barnes : While born in Bath to English parents, it was believed that Barnes could qualify to represent Austria courtesy of his paternal grandmother, who was from Klagenfurt if he were able to acquire Austrian citizenship.
Ashley Barnes : He scored on his debut against Tranmere Rovers two days later, having been introduced as a substitute ten minutes earlier.
Ashley Barnes : Ashley Luke Barnes (born 30 October 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for club Burnley.
Ashley Barnes : On 8 November, he scored the only goal at Turf Moor to defeat Hull City and gain Burnley's first win of the Premier League season.
Ashley Barnes : Barnes featured five times for Oxford United, including two FA Cup ties against Southend United, before returning to Plymouth.
Ashley Barnes : On 10 January 2014, Barnes joined Burnley for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Ashley Barnes : He was sent out on loan again in March 2008 to another Conference club, this time to Salisbury City.
Ashley Barnes : He joined League Two club Torquay United on loan until the end of the season in February 2010, but returned a month later having made six appearances.
Ashley Barnes : He began his senior career as a prolific goalscorer with local club Paulton Rovers of the Southern League.
Ashley Barnes : He subsequently found first-team opportunities hard to come by, and was sent on loan to Conference side Oxford United in November 2007 to gain some experience.
Ashley Barnes : Fans and manager Gus Poyet were critical of Barnes for this action as it left the club with only one senior striker available to play, as Craig Mackail-Smith and Will Hoskins were already injured for the rest of the season.
Ashley Barnes : Barnes subsequently joined League One club Brighton & Hove Albion on loan until the end of the season.
Ashley Barnes : He finished the season as Brighton's leading goalscorer with 14 goals in all competitions, 11 in the league.
Ashley Barnes : Barnes previously played for Paulton Rovers, Plymouth Argyle, Oxford United, Salisbury City, Eastbourne Borough, Torquay United and Brighton & Hove Albion.
Ashley Barnes : Barnes was loaned out for a third time in November 2008 to Eastbourne Borough, with teammate Daniel Smith.
Ashley Barnes : On 24 May 2015, as relegated Burnley finished the season with a win over Aston Villa, Barnes was taken off with knee cruciate ligament injuries, which would rule him out for the majority of the following campaign.
Ashley Barnes : On 9 March 2013, Barnes received a red card in stoppage time against Bolton Wanderers for attempting to trip up the referee.
Ashley Barnes : He made his Plymouth debut in the first round of the League Cup in August 2007 against Wycombe Wanderers, coming on as a substitute for first-team regular Sylvan Ebanks-Blake.
Ashley Barnes : He had an extended trial with Championship club Plymouth Argyle in March 2007, and sufficiently impressed to be awarded with an eighteen-month contract by the club, having scored several goals for the reserve team.
Ashley Barnes : In the 2011–12 season Barnes remained a first-choice striker for Brighton's return to the Championship.
Ashley Barnes : Barnes finished the season as Brighton's second-top goalscorer behind Glenn Murray, with 20 goals in 49 appearances.
Ashley Barnes : His 16th goal, and his 6th of the season, made him Burnley's leading scorer in the Premier League since it was formed in 1992.
Ashley Barnes : On his return from the ban on 20 April, Barnes scored two goals in a 6–1 win over Blackpool and was named man of the match.
Matthew Amoah : "Amoah was instrumental in the attack of NAC Breda since his arrival in July 2007.
Matthew Amoah : And the move paid off as the club's supporters named him their best player after the 2002–03 season, in which he scored 15 goals for the club and also competed in European club competition.
Matthew Amoah : Mathew Amoah (born 24 October 1980) is a retired Ghanaian international striker.
Cristovam Buarque : In that, he achieved evident success in subduing the party to his policies, at the high price of demobilizing most of the PT activists.
Cristovam Buarque : Cristovam Ricardo Cavalcanti Buarque, PhD ( or ; born February 20, 1944 in Recife) is a Brazilian university professor and member of Popular Socialist Party (PPS).
Andreas Haider-Maurer : Andreas Haider-Maurer (; born 22 March 1987) is a retired professional tennis player from Austria.
Andreas Haider-Maurer : He lost to compatriot, defending champion and top seed Jürgen Melzer.
Andreas Haider-Maurer : That same year, Haider-Maurer reached the final of his home tournament in Vienna.
Thomas de Maizière : jur.)
Thomas de Maizière : in 1986.
Thomas de Maizière : Under these proposals, the army was to be turned into a wholly professional force.
Thomas de Maizière : After 1990 he worked with re-establishing democratic structures in states that were part of the former German Democratic Republic.
Thomas de Maizière : On 17 December 2013, he was appointed as Federal Minister of the Interior for a second time.
Thomas de Maizière : In an effort to better detect the identities of migrants arriving from Syria, Afghanistan and other trouble spots, de Maizière later spearheaded the introduction of an identity card for refugees.
Thomas de Maizière : He held the defence ministry portfolio until 17 December 2013.
Thomas de Maizière : By late 2015, amid the European migrant crisis, de Maizière urged that Europe should set a limit on the number of refugees it takes in and seek out those most clearly entitled to protection.
Thomas de Maizière : On 3 March, he was formally appointed to this post.
Thomas de Maizière : In his capacity as chief of staff of the chancellery, he also functioned as deputy president of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs ("Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik").
Thomas de Maizière : He took office on 22 November 2005, after Merkel's election as Chancellor by the Bundestag.
Thomas de Maizière : He graduated at the Aloisiuskolleg in Bonn and studied law and history at the Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität in Münster and the University of Freiburg.
Thomas de Maizière : Maizière is married to Martina de Maizière, with whom he has three children.
Thomas de Maizière : The newspaper report, quoting an unnamed NSA official, said the U.S. was particularly interested in the interior minister "because he is a close aide of Merkel, who seeks his advice on many issues and was rumored to be promoting his candidacy for the post of NATO secretary-general."
Thomas de Maizière : In 2012, Maizière told a gathering of army reservists that he considered the U.S. strategy of using drones for targeted killings a "strategic mistake".
Thomas de Maizière : As chief of staff to Kurt Biedenkopf, he helped negotiate the special Solidarity Pact designed to finance the reconstruction of the former East Germany.
Thomas de Maizière : Between 2007 and 2009, Maizière was one of 32 members of the Second Commission on the modernization of the federal state, which was established to reform the division of powers between federal and state authorities in Germany.
Thomas de Maizière : According to the online news edition of the German public television broadcaster "ARD", Maizière had said he thought it was unwise to have U.S. commanders direct such attacks from their bases in the United States.
Thomas de Maizière : He belongs to a noble family originally from Maizières-lès-Metz who, as Huguenots, had fled France for asylum in Prussia in the late 17th century.
Thomas de Maizière : That same month, Maizière announced that Germany would take over and release two prisoners of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
Thomas de Maizière : His critics say he failed to fight for more staff and budget for the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF), which falls under his ministry, despite years of warnings from German states that the agency was being overwhelmed with asylum applications.
Thomas de Maizière : Signaling one of the biggest shake-ups in decades for the German military, in 2011 Maizière unveiled plans to reduce troop numbers, cut bureaucracy, and eliminate duplication inside the Federal Ministry of Defence.
Thomas de Maizière : Maizière was born in Bonn to the later Inspector general of the Bundeswehr, Ulrich de Maizière.
Thomas de Maizière : On 23 February 2014, "Bild am Sonntag" reported that Maizière and other members of the government, as well as leading figures in business, were under NSA surveillance.
Thomas de Maizière : In late 2014, Maizière proposed a law according to which the government would have the power to withdraw the identity cards of potential foreign fighters and replace them with another form of identification; this was meant to allow government agencies to prevent Germans from leaving the country to join groups such as Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Thomas de Maizière : The Maizière family still attended French-language schools and Huguenot churches in Berlin until the beginning of the 20th century.
Thomas de Maizière : In 2016, Maizière banned the neo-Nazi group "White Wolves Terror Crew" (WWT) following raids on 15 properties across the country as worries were growing about a rise in right-wing sentiment after the influx of more than a million migrants the previous year.
Thomas de Maizière : A member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), he previously served as Head of the Chancellery and Minister for Special Affairs in the First Merkel cabinet from 2005 to 2009.
Thomas de Maizière : On 2 March 2011, Merkel announced that Maizière was to take over from Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, the federal defence minister who had resigned from office the previous day.
Thomas de Maizière : Following the formation of the Second Merkel cabinet, he took office as Federal Minister of the Interior.
Thomas de Maizière : His cousin Lothar de Maizière is also a CDU politician and was the last, and only democratically elected, Premier of the German Democratic Republic, who later served as Federal Minister of Special Affairs in the Kohl government.
Thomas de Maizière : Speaking to the German newspaper "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" in February 2012, Maizière said that an Israel Defense Forces strike on Iran's nuclear facilities was "highly unlikely" to succeed, and noted that such a strike would cause "obvious political damage."
Thomas de Maizière : As Interior Minister, Maizière long played down security worries, but he abruptly changed course late in 2010, giving warnings that there were serious indications of terror attacks being prepared in Europe and the United States.
Thomas de Maizière : In May 2015, he banned "Yuruyus", a leftist-terrorist newspaper published by the Turkish extremist group DHKP-C, and had his ministry order raids across the country in connection with this ban.
Thomas de Maizière : Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière (; born 21 January 1954) is a German politician who served as Minister of the Interior from 2009 to 2011 and 2013 to 2018, as well as Minister of Defence from 2011 to 2013.
Thomas de Maizière : He became secretary of state at the ministry of culture of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in November 1990.
Thomas de Maizière : In July 2010, he outlawed the Internationale Humanitäre Hilfsorganisation (IHH), a charity registered in Frankfurt, because of its alleged links to the militant Palestinian organization Hamas, arguing that "the IHH has, under the cover of humanitarian aid, supported Gaza Strip-based so-called social associations which are attributable to Hamas, for a long period of time and to a considerable financial extent."
Thomas de Maizière : Maizière worked for the governing mayor (prime minister) of West Berlin (Baron Richard von Weizsäcker and Eberhard Diepgen), before becoming a member of the West German team in the negotiations on German reunification.
Thomas de Maizière : From the beginning of 2015, the left-wing opposition and media commentators have repeatedly criticized de Maizière over his record as chief of staff in 2005-09, and over what he knew about Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) helping U.S. agencies to spy on European firms such as the defence manufacturer Airbus.
Thomas de Maizière : During a meeting in Berlin in March 2012, he warned Israel’s Defense Minister Ehud Barak against an attack on Iran, joining other Western countries which were applying heavy international pressure on Israel to prevent it from attacking Iran’s nuclear facilities.
Thomas de Maizière : Together with Von der Leyen, he was widely looked on as a possible future successor to Merkel.
Thomas de Maizière : On 7 June 2011, he attended the state dinner hosted by President Barack Obama in honor of Chancellor Angela Merkel at the White House.
Thomas de Maizière : Along with Ursula von der Leyen and Wolfgang Schäuble, De Maizière was one of only three ministers to have continuously served in Chancellor Angela Merkel's cabinets from 2005 until 2018.
Thomas de Maizière : In October 2010, Maizière and Transport Minister Peter Ramsauer banned arrivals of all air cargo from Yemen, after the German authorities had been tipped off by a foreign intelligence service that there were explosives inside a U.S.-bound parcel trans-shipped at Cologne Bonn Airport.
Thomas de Maizière : He served as the chief of the Saxon Chancellery from 1999 to 2001, with the rank of cabinet minister.
Thomas de Maizière : From December 1994 to 1998 he was chief of staff of the Chancellery of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Thomas de Maizière : From 2001 to 2002 he served as the minister of finance of Saxony, from 2002 to 2004 minister of justice, and from 2004 to 2005 as minister of the interior.
Thomas de Maizière : Before his appointment to the federal cabinet, he served as a minister in the state government of Saxony, including as chief of staff to the Minister-President, Minister of Finance and Minister of Justice.
Thomas de Maizière : On 17 October 2005, Maizière was nominated as a member of the Federal Government as chief of the Chancellor's office and as federal minister for special affairs in the first Merkel cabinet.
Thomas de Maizière : In the negotiations to form a coalition government following the 2009 federal elections, Maizière led the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on taxes, national budget, and financial policy; with Hermann Otto Solms of the FDP as joint chairman.
Jonny Greenwood : As part of his prize Greenwood received £10,000 from the PRS Foundation towards a commission for a new orchestral work.
Jonny Greenwood : The youngest of the group, Greenwood was the last to join, first playing keyboards and harmonica but soon becoming lead guitarist.
Jonny Greenwood : In 2011, "Rolling Stone" ranked him the 48th greatest guitarist of all time, and in 2012 "Spin" ranked him the 29th.
Jonny Greenwood : His brother, Radiohead bassist Colin Greenwood, is two years older than him.
Jonny Greenwood : In 2008, Greenwood collaborated with Israeli rock musician Dudu Tasa on the Hebrew-language single "What a Day".
Jonny Greenwood : In 1991, Greenwood was three weeks into a degree in music and psychology at Oxford Polytechnic when On a Friday signed a recording contract with EMI.
Jonny Greenwood : At the 2005 Ether Festival, Greenwood and Yorke performed "Arpeggi" with the London Sinfonietta orchestra and the Arab Orchestra of Nazareth.
Jonny Greenwood : In 2004, he and Yorke contributed to the Band Aid 20 single "Do They Know It's Christmas?
Jonny Greenwood : The piece was inspired by radio static and the elaborate, dissonant tone clusters of Penderecki's "Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima "(1960).
Jonny Greenwood : Greenwood is a multi-instrumentalist and plays instruments including guitar, piano, synthesiser, viola, glockenspiel, harmonica, recorder, organ, and banjo.
Jonny Greenwood : For the 2005 film "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", Greenwood appeared as part of the wizard rock band Weird Sisters with Radiohead drummer Phil Selway, former Pulp members Jarvis Cocker and Steve Mackey, electronica artist Jason Buckle and Add N to (X) member Steven Claydon.
Jonny Greenwood : In February 2010, he debuted a new composition, "Doghouse", at the BBC's Maida Vale Studios.
Jonny Greenwood : On 13 March 2012, Greenwood and Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki, one of Greenwood's greatest influences, released an album comprising Penderecki's 1960s compositions "Polymorphia" "and Threnody for the Victims of Hiroshima," Greenwood's "Popcorn Superhet Receiver", and a new work by Greenwood, "48 Responses to "Polymorphia"".
Jonny Greenwood : Jonathan Richard Guy Greenwood (born 5 November 1971) is an English musician and composer.
Carlos Saura : Saura was born in Huesca, Aragón, Spain on 4 January 1932.
Carlos Saura : He is also the father of a daughter named Ana (b. December 1994) from his third marriage to actress Eulalia Ramón.
Carlos Saura : He was chosen as director for the official film of the 1992 Olympic Games of Barcelona, "Marathon" (1993).
Carlos Saura : Carlos Saura Atarés (born 4 January 1932) is a Spanish film director, photographer and writer.
Shigeru Ban : He deliberately chooses materials to further this expression.
Shigeru Ban : Also, the Nepalese can use them for many other purposes, such as schools.
Shigeru Ban : The homes are thus quickly and easily built.
Shigeru Ban : Ban was born in Tokyo, Japan.
Shigeru Ban : The Pritzker Jury cited Ban for his innovative use of material and his dedication to humanitarian efforts around the world, calling him "a committed teacher who is not only a role model for younger generation, but also an inspiration."
Shigeru Ban : In July 2015, Ban began a project to rebuild homes for the victims of that year's Nepal earthquake.
Shigeru Ban : In 2014, Ban was named the 37th recipient of the Pritzker Architecture Prize, the most prestigious prize in modern architecture.
Shigeru Ban : The structures of the homes are wood framed for flexibility and built fully with brick walls.
Shigeru Ban : In this project straight paper tube joists were connected by laminated timber joints.
Shigeru Ban : He studied at the Tokyo University of the Arts, and then at the Southern California Institute of Architecture.
Nasief Morris : Mogammat Nasief Morris (born 16 April 1981) is a South African former footballer who played as a central defender.
Nasief Morris : In that same year, he was temporarily suspended by FIFA from all competitions after attempting to attack a referee during a 1–2 loss against Zambia on 21 February.
Nasief Morris : Born in Cape Town, Morris started his career at local Santos F.C.
Thomas Häßler : He played as a midfielder throughout his career.
Thomas Häßler : Liga.
Thomas Häßler : Liga.
Thomas Häßler : Thomas Jürgen "Icke" Häßler (; born 30 May 1966) is a German former professional football player.
Thomas Häßler : He also won a bronze medal for West Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Thomas Häßler : For Germany, Häßler was capped 101 times, scoring 11 goals.
Maceo Baston : Baston was drafted in the second round (58th overall), by the Chicago Bulls, in 1998, but he did not appear in any games for them.
Maceo Baston : He played college basketball at the University of Michigan.
Maceo Baston : The Pacers reacquired Baston on July 9, 2008, in a trade with the Raptors, which also included Jermaine O'Neal and T. J. Ford.
Maceo Baston : Maceo Demond Baston (born May 29, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player.
Maceo Baston : He then played for the Quad City Thunder in the CBA, where he was a CBA All-Star in 2000.
Petr Čech : In January 2006, he was named the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper for 2005.
Petr Čech : Due to difficulties in obtaining a work permit, however, a proposed deal with the "Gunners" fell through.
Petr Čech : The Stevens inquiry report, published in June 2007, found no evidence of illegal payments.
Petr Čech : He was also named the Czech Footballer of the Year for the first time.
Petr Čech : He also criticised the South Central Ambulance Service NHS Trust and match referee Mike Riley.
Petr Čech : Along with his native language Czech, Čech also speaks English, French, German and Spanish.
Petr Čech : In his early days, he played as a striker, although he later moved to the goalkeeper position after breaking his leg at age ten.
Petr Čech : A number of commentators, including current and former goalkeepers, saw the incident as highlighting the need for greater protection for goalkeepers.
Petr Čech : Chelsea conceded just 22 times during the season.
Petr Čech : This was possibly due to Čech's long standing injury concerns to his shoulder, back and knees.
Petr Čech : The team, having conceded only 15 league goals in the entire season, also set a new record.
Petr Čech : He returned to action on 27 August 2006.
Petr Čech : He was the first goalkeeper to receive the award since Tim Flowers in 2000.
Petr Čech : The match, however, finished 2–1 in the Czech Republic's favour.
Petr Čech : More than 28,000 fans voted for the award, which was handed over by Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti.
Petr Čech : In an interview, Čech said that he had no memory of the injury itself.
Petr Čech : Čech underwent surgery for a depressed skull fracture.
Petr Čech : Čech denied the claims saying that he was "disappointed with [Scolari] because never in my life have I had a personal goalkeeping coach".
Petr Čech : Initially unaware of the seriousness of the injury, the doctors later reported that it nearly cost Čech his life, and as a result of the collision, he suffered intense headaches.
Petr Čech : The Czech Republic qualified for the 2006 World Cup, held in Germany, and were placed in Group E, alongside Ghana, Italy and the United States.
Petr Čech : In the Czech Republic's group match against Greece, a fumble from Čech allowed the Greeks a goal.
Petr Čech : He became the fourth goalkeeper to make a century of appearances in the competition after Iker Casillas, Victor Valdés and Oliver Kahn.
Petr Čech : 23 January 2008) and a son Damián (b. June 2009), both born in the Czech Republic.
Petr Čech : Scolari also said that it stemmed from a row between him and the Czech goalkeeper over the latter's alleged insistence on being given a personal coach.
Petr Čech : Hunt's right knee hit Čech's head, leaving the goalkeeper requiring treatment.
Petr Čech : Čech's place as Chelsea's starting goalkeeper was taken at the start of the season by Thibaut Courtois.
Petr Čech : He had 50 stitches put on his mouth and chin and missed 22 games due to injuries.
Petr Čech : Čech was able to return home on 24 October 2006 and participated in light training the following week.
Petr Čech : He was named in the all-star team as best goalkeeper at the tournament.
Petr Čech : By winning the Champions League, Čech became just the fourth Czech to win the competition.
Petr Čech : Čech married Martina Dolejšová (now Čechová) (b.
Petr Čech : Chelsea, however, announced that the goalkeeper would be out for three months, in line with medical advice on the time needed for complete recovery from the skull fracture.
Petr Čech : The matter was resolved after the latter sponsor developed its own headgear for Čech to wear in club matches, while the player went on to wear an unbranded cap for national team games.
Petr Čech : Čech's was one amongst many British club transfers that came under the spotlight in the 2006 football corruption investigation for being potentially in breach of transfer regulations.
Petr Čech : In October 2012, Čech took the captain's armband as regular Chelsea captain John Terry was sidelined with a four-match ban.
Petr Čech : Čech's saves helped his team progress as far as the semi-finals, where they lost to eventual winners Greece on the silver goal rule.
Petr Čech : Although Chelsea lost Čech's comeback match, he then went approximately 810 minutes of Premier League play without conceding a goal.
Petr Čech : Čech was taken off after several minutes and replaced by Carlo Cudicini, who himself was knocked unconscious later in the same game, forcing Chelsea captain John Terry to play in goal for the match's remaining minutes.
Petr Čech : However in February Rennes agreed to Čech's move to Chelsea for £7 million.
Petr Čech : This caused friction with Czech national team sponsor Puma and Chelsea's apparel manufacturer Adidas.
Petr Čech : Petr Čech (; born 20 May 1982) is a Czech former professional association football player who is a technical and performance advisor for Chelsea, and who also plays semi-professional ice hockey as a goaltender for Guildford Phoenix.
Petr Čech : On 2 March 2016, he was sidelined due to a calf injury while playing against Swansea.
Petr Čech : In May 2003, Rennes was at the bottom of the league table, yet escaped relegation with a win over Montpellier in the final matchday.
Petr Čech : On 29 May 2012, Čech was named in the Czech Republic's squad for Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine.
Petr Čech : Čech was named the Fans' Man of the Match following his heroic performance in goal for "The Blues".
Petr Čech : The following month, on 23 December 2007, he had to be replaced during a match against Blackburn Rovers due to a hip injury.
Petr Čech : Born in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia, Čech started playing football aged seven for Škoda Plzeň (later known as Viktoria Plzeň).
Petr Čech : Čech's captaincy continued in the quarter-final, as Portugal eliminated the Czechs through a 79th-minute Cristiano Ronaldo goal.
Petr Čech : He won his second Premier League Golden Glove award for the season, having kept 17 clean sheets in the Premier League as Chelsea secured a third title.
Petr Čech : Čech signed for Chelsea's Premier League rivals Arsenal on a four-year contract on 29 June 2015, for a fee of around £10 million.
Petr Čech : Cudicini, however, suffered a pre-season elbow injury that allowed Chelsea manager José Mourinho to promote Čech into the starting spot, where he became the first-choice goalkeeper in his first season.
Petr Čech : On 11 April 2007, Čech was awarded the Premier League Player of the Month for the first time in his career, in recognition of his eight successive league clean sheets.
Petr Čech : On 18 August 2011, Čech was ruled out for up to four weeks after he sustained a knee injury in training.
Petr Čech : Čech was born a triplet along with sister Šárka and a brother named Michal, who died aged two after contracting an infection in hospital.
Petr Čech : With the game level at 2–2 at the end of normal time, Čech saved penalties from Ryan Giggs and Patrice Evra.
Petr Čech : On 7 April 2008, it was announced that Čech had undergone emergency surgery on his chin and lips following an accidental collision with Tal Ben Haim during training.
Petr Čech : Čech had a cross slip through his hands, allowing Nihat Kahveci to score Turkey's equalizing goal.
Petr Čech : When Čech arrived at Chelsea, Carlo Cudicini was established as Chelsea's first choice goalkeeper.
Petr Čech : The departure of Wojciech Szczęsny to Roma on loan made Čech first-choice goalkeeper ahead of David Ospina.
Petr Čech : During his first season in France, he was awarded man of the match against Paris Saint-Germain by "L'Équipe".
Petr Čech : On 27 February, Čech was announced as the Czech Footballer of the Year for 2011, winning the award for the fifth time.
Petr Čech : Čech holds a number of goalkeeping records, including the Premier League record for fewest appearances required to reach 100 clean sheets, having done so in 180 appearances, the most number of clean sheets in a season (24), as well as the record for the most clean sheets in Premier League history (202).
Petr Čech : Čech first represented his country in November 1997 with the under-15 team, working his way up through different age groups before making his senior debut for the Czech Republic in February 2002.
Petr Čech : After establishing himself as the senior team's first choice goalkeeper, Čech was selected in the Czech Republic's squad for UEFA Euro 2004.
Petr Čech : Despite this, Chelsea managed to win 3–2 and set an English record for their 64th consecutive unbeaten league match at home.
Petr Čech : Former Chelsea coach Luiz Felipe Scolari accused Čech, Michael Ballack and Drogba of causing his sacking, saying that they "did not accept my training methods or my demands".
Petr Čech : Chelsea won 2–1, earning the Czech his seventh trophy at the club.
Petr Čech : In the last group game of the final tournament, Čech was beaten three times in the final 15 minutes as Turkey overcame a two-goal deficit to knock the Czechs out.
Petr Čech : In July 2002, Čech moved to French club Rennes, signing a four-year contract for a transfer fee reported as CZK150 million (€5.5 million).
Petr Čech : On 19 May, Čech was awarded the Chelsea Player of the Year for the first time.
Petr Čech : Čech underwent minor shoulder surgery on 27 June 2006 to repair a long-standing injury stemming from the previous season.
Petr Čech : His clean sheet record finally ended when he was beaten by a goal from Marcel Melecký of Bohemians on 17 November 2001, ending his record at 903 consecutive minutes without conceding.
Petr Čech : He first came to prominence as a 20-year-old at the 2002 U-21 European Championships when his penalty shoot-out heroics in the final against France, letting in only one of the penalty kicks, earned the Czech Republic their first title at youth level.
Petr Čech : Čech won his 5th FA Cup, and Arsenal became the most successful club in the history of the competition with 13 tournament wins.
Petr Čech : Chelsea manager José Mourinho blamed Hunt for Čech's injury, saying that his challenge was "a disgrace".
Petr Čech : The Czech Republic finished third in their group, following a 3–0 win against the United States, and two losses against Ghana and Italy, the score 2–0 in both games, thus not qualifying for the knock-out stages of the tournament.
Petr Čech : On 22 April 2014, Čech was substituted in the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Atlético Madrid with a shoulder injury.
Petr Čech : Despite him being second choice, Mourinho stated that Čech would not be sold in the January 2015 transfer window due to third-choice Mark Schwarzer leaving for Leicester City.
Petr Čech : In the weeks that followed, Čech missed key games of Chelsea's campaign, including the derby with Arsenal and both legs of the Champions League quarter-final.
Petr Čech : On 17 October 2007, Čech captained the Czech Republic team in their Euro 2008 Group D qualifier against Germany.
Petr Čech : Čech finally conceded to Leon McKenzie of Norwich City, after keeping a clean sheet in the league since 12 December 2004 when Thierry Henry scored for Arsenal.
Petr Čech : He kept a clean sheet and the Czechs defeated Germany 3–0 away to book their place for the finals in Austria and Switzerland.
Petr Čech : This run was ended during a 4–1 Chelsea victory over West Ham United on 18 April 2007 when Carlos Tevez scored against him.
Petr Čech : In November 2001, Čech broke the record formerly held by Theodor Reimann for the longest time elapsed without conceding a goal in the Czech professional league, stretching his run to 855 minutes.
Petr Čech : Despite Čech not winning the league title in the spring of 2002 with Sparta, he attracted interest from English clubs including Arsenal due to his international performances.
Petr Čech : He also featured in the last UEFA Super Cup to be played at Monaco's Stade Louis II, in which he conceded four goals as Chelsea lost 4–1 to the UEFA Europa League winners Atlético Madrid.
Petr Čech : Despite conceding the fastest goal in FA Cup final history, Čech helped Chelsea's 2009 FA Cup final triumph over Everton.
Petr Čech : Čech signed a five-year contract, to commence in July 2004, becoming the most expensive goalkeeper in Chelsea's history at that time.
Petr Čech : Chelsea started the 2008–09 season in good form, conceding only 7 goals in 17 games and keeping 11 clean sheets, 10 of which with Čech in goal.
Petr Čech : He returned to action on 14 April, in a home match against Wigan Athletic which Chelsea drew 1–1.
Petr Čech : On 2 April, he returned as an unused substitute against Watford and returned to pitch on 17 April against Crystal Palace in a narrow 1–1 draw and guided Arsenal to its 500th Premier League win on 21 April against West Brom.
Petr Čech : He made his return three weeks later against Sunderland in which Chelsea won 2–1.
Petr Čech : Čech is also the only goalkeeper to have won the Premier League Golden Glove with two separate clubs, and has won it a joint record four times; in the 2004–05, 2009–10, 2013–14 and the 2015–16 seasons.
Petr Čech : Chelsea had a 1–0 victory over Juventus in the Champions League on his 200th appearance for the club, and he also starred in a 1–0 away victory at Villa Park against Aston Villa, saving from Gabriel Agbonlahor and Gareth Barry.
Petr Čech : Despite the injury, Čech would finish the season as the joint winner of the Premier League Golden Glove award along with Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczęsny, both keeping 16 clean sheets.
Petr Čech : Čech deputised for the injured Tomáš Rosický as captain in the final group match against Poland, as the Czech Republic qualified for the quarter-final with a 1–0 win.
Petr Čech : Čech joined Czech First League team Chmel Blšany in June 1999 and made his league debut at the age of 17 in October 1999, in a 3–1 loss against Sparta.
Petr Čech : During that month, Čech made back to back starts in the Premier League against Newcastle United at home, followed by Swansea City away from home, keeping clean-sheets in both wins.
Petr Čech : Chelsea retained the Premier League title in the 2005–06 season, with Čech playing in 34 league matches.
Petr Čech : He and United's Edwin van der Sar shared the honour of being the first goalkeepers to keep a clean sheet over 90 minutes in a competitive fixture at the new Wembley Stadium, but Čech became the first goalkeeper to end a competitive game unbeaten, as Chelsea beat United 1–0 to win the FA Cup.
Petr Čech : Čech then kept another clean sheet in a 2–0 win over Arsenal, before keeping a clean sheet in a 0–0 draw at Villa Park.
Petr Čech : He played in several games until the eve of Chelsea's home Champions League tie with Greek champions Olympiacos when he injured his ankle in training.
Petr Čech : He also kept a clean sheet in the next game against Barcelona during the Champions League semi-final first leg match.
Petr Čech : In May 2013, Čech won the UEFA Europa League when Chelsea defeated Benfica 2–1 in the final.
Petr Čech : On 26 September 2009, however, Čech was sent off and at the same time conceded the winning penalty for a trip on Wigan forward Hugo Rodallega, in the defeat that broke the run and conceded the lead in the league to Manchester United.
Petr Čech : Following a 3–2 win against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light, Čech and Chelsea finished the season with the joint-tightest defence in the Premier League along with Manchester United, having conceded just 24 goals over the course of the season.
Petr Čech : He made his first league appearance of the season on 5 October, replacing the injured Courtois in the first half of a 2–0 home win over Arsenal.
Petr Čech : In a crucial Premier League game in April 2009, with Chelsea comfortably leading 4–0 against Bolton Wanderers, Chelsea manager Guus Hiddink took off both Didier Drogba and Frank Lampard only for Bolton to score three late goals which questioned the Chelsea defence, and in particular Čech.
Petr Čech : In April 2017, Čech played in the 2016–17 FA Cup semi final against Manchester City on 24 April at Wembley, which Arsenal won 2–1.
Petr Čech : Čech was given a special award by the Premier League for the new record, and he was also awarded the Premier League Golden Glove at the end of the 2004–05 season for keeping a record 21 clean sheets in the Premier League.
Petr Čech : Čech also kept a clean sheet for Chelsea in the 2007 FA Cup final against Manchester United.
Petr Čech : A week later, he made his Premier League debut for Arsenal in a 2–0 home defeat to West Ham.
Petr Čech : Čech kept goal for Chelsea in the six-match winning run that opened their season and placed them on top of the Premier League.
Petr Čech : Čech started the opening game of Chelsea's 2011–12 Premier League season away to Stoke City, which ended 0–0.
Petr Čech : Čech, however, responded when he saved a penalty from Mark Noble in Chelsea's 1–0 win at the Boleyn Ground against West Ham.
Petr Čech : In November 2008, Chelsea beat Sunderland 5–0 at Stamford Bridge, a game which marked the 100th match Čech had played for Chelsea without conceding a goal.
Petr Čech : Čech started in Chelsea's first match of the 2012–13 season, the 2012 Community Shield against Manchester City, but failed to keep a clean sheet as Chelsea went down 3–2 to goals from Yaya Touré, Carlos Tevez and Samir Nasri.
Petr Čech : Čech sustained a head injury in the match against Reading at the Madejski Stadium on 14 October 2006 when he collided with Reading midfielder Stephen Hunt inside Chelsea's penalty area within the first minute of a Premier League match.
Petr Čech : Čech signed a -year contract with Sparta Prague at the age of 18 in January 2001, although he remained at Blšany until the end of the 2000–01 season.
Petr Čech : In February 2006, Čech signed a two-year contract extension, keeping him at the club until 2010.
Petr Čech : Čech saved a penalty in extra time against former teammate Arjen Robben, and two penalties in the subsequent penalty shootout, of the 2012 Champions League final against Bayern Munich resulting in the first Champions League win for Chelsea.
Petr Čech : The following week, Čech helped Chelsea move up to second place in the league by saving from Paul Scharner in the first half against Wigan Athletic at Stamford Bridge, where Chelsea won 2–1.
Petr Čech : On 11 March 2018, Čech became the first Premier League goalkeeper to keep 200 league clean sheets, against Watford after saving a penalty from Troy Deeney.
Petr Čech : On 27 February 2010, Čech sustained a calf injury in the Champions League match against Inter Milan.
Petr Čech : On 2 August, Čech won his first trophy with Arsenal after beating former side Chelsea 1–0 in the 2015 FA Community Shield.
Petr Čech : Čech was given the captain's armband for Arsenal in their 4–3 opening day home loss to Liverpool.
Petr Čech : Successive clean sheets by Čech in Chelsea's wins against Portsmouth and Coventry City saw his side consolidate their position in the Premier League whilst progressing into the FA Cup semi-finals.
Petr Čech : Chelsea suffered its first major blow when it lost the League Cup final to Tottenham Hotspur, with Čech parrying the ball onto Jonathan Woodgate's head for the winner.
Petr Čech : In November 2007, Čech suffered an injury to his right calf muscle in the 0–0 UEFA Champions League group stage match at Schalke 04.
Petr Čech : Čech was sidelined for the FA Cup Final due to injury, but Arsenal beat Chelsea 2–1.
Petr Čech : On 5 March 2005, Čech set a new Premier League record of 1,025 minutes without letting in a goal, though his record has since been broken by Manchester United's Edwin van der Sar.
Petr Čech : Čech also made saves from Dirk Kuyt and Xabi Alonso as Chelsea beat Liverpool 3–1 at Anfield in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-finals.
Petr Čech : He finished the season by signing a new four-year contract with Chelsea in May, keeping him with the club until the end of the 2015–16 season.
Petr Čech : He concluded his season by saving a penalty against Portsmouth in the FA Cup final, ensuring that the "Blues" went on to retain the Cup and achieve their first domestic double.
Petr Čech : He returned on 14 August and kept a clean sheet as Chelsea beat West Bromwich Albion 6–0.
Petr Čech : He kept a clean sheet in Chelsea's first Champions League match of the season in a 2–0 win over Bayer Leverkusen.
Petr Čech : Čech recorded his 170th Premier League clean sheet in a 2–0 win against AFC Bournemouth on 28 December 2015, setting a new league record and overtaking previous record holder David James.
Petr Čech : On 20 October, he made his first Champions League appearance for Arsenal in a 2–0 win against Bayern Munich.
Petr Čech : Čech started the 2007–08 season conceding two goals against Birmingham City in the first match of the season.
Petr Čech : Čech made his comeback in a Premier League match against Liverpool on 20 January 2007, which Chelsea eventually lost 2–0, wearing a rugby style headguard made by Canterbury of New Zealand and carrying the manufacturer's logo.
Petr Čech : He appeared in the Champions League final against Manchester United, where Chelsea lost in a penalty shootout.
Petr Čech : On 19 October 2013, Čech made his 300th Premier League appearance for Chelsea, in a 4–1 home win over newly promoted side Cardiff City.
Petr Čech : Čech began the 2009–10 season in winning form with Chelsea, beating Manchester United in the Community Shield final at Wembley.
Petr Čech : Čech signed a new five-year contract in July 2008 to keep him at Chelsea until 2013.
Petr Čech : On 1 March 2015, Čech started in goal in the 2015 League Cup final against Tottenham Hotspur, keeping a clean sheet in a 2–0 victory to win the trophy for the third time in his career.
Petr Čech : On 24 March, Čech played his 250th league game for Chelsea against Tottenham Hotspur in a 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge.
Petr Čech : On 24 September 2014, Čech made his first appearance of the season against Bolton in the third round of the League Cup, a 2–1 victory.
Petr Čech : On 11 January 2014, he kept his 209th clean sheet for Chelsea in all competitions in a 2–0 away win at Hull City, beating the club record set by Peter Bonetti.
Petr Čech : On 7 March, Čech made his 300th Chelsea appearance, against Premier League side Blackpool, which Chelsea went on to win 3–1.
Carsten Podlesch : During his career that spanned almost four decades he gained the World Championship twice, European Championship thrice, and the German Championship thirteen times making him one of the most successful motor-paced cyclists ever.
Ola Toivonen : The transfer fee was, according to some source, €3.5 million, and according to other sources €4.5 million.
Ola Toivonen : In November 2006, he won the "Newcomer of the Year" award at the annual Swedish football awards.
Ola Toivonen : On 20 January 2014, it was announced that Toivonen had been sold to Rennes for a transfer fee of €2.5 million.
Ola Toivonen : He started on the bench, coming on as a 77th-minute substitute for Zakaria Labyad.
Ola Toivonen : This goal was Toivonen's first at international level.
Ola Toivonen : His first full season in the Eredivise proved very successful, adapting quickly, scoring 13 goals.
Ola Toivonen : In 27 games, he managed to score 14 goals as well as seven assists.
Ola Toivonen : He soon signed a four-year contract with Malmö FF, in a transfer worth more than $1.1 million.
Ola Toivonen : Leading up to the World Cup in South Africa, Sweden played Bosnia and Herzegovina in a friendly on 29 May.
Ola Toivonen : He was then bought by Örgryte, and their manager Zoran Lukić.
Ola Toivonen : The first, and only, season in Örgryte ended sadly.
Ola Toivonen : He received a red card in a February 2009 match against FC Volendam, which sidelined him for two matches.
Ola Toivonen : The 2008 season went somewhat better for Malmö, finishing 6th, and this was the absolute breakthrough for Toivonen.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen started his career at Degerfors, where he became involved in their campaign in 2005 to avoid relegation from Superettan.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen was included in the starting lineup, as Sweden were without striker Zlatan Ibrahimović.
Ola Toivonen : This drew the attention of some Premier League and Eredivisie clubs, most notably West Ham United and PSV Eindhoven.
Ola Toivonen : A crucial game against SC Heerenveen on 10 April saw Toivonen return to the squad.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen's full international debut came on 14 January 2007, when Sweden lost 2–0 away to Venezuela.
Ola Toivonen : Nils Ola Toivonen (; born 3 July 1986) is a Swedish footballer, who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Melbourne Victory.
Ola Toivonen : Lukić was sacked, and Örgryte finished last in Allsvenskan, and thus was relegated to Superettan.
Ola Toivonen : He followed this effort up with another goal in his side's 5–0 thrashing of Austrian Bundesliga outfit SV Ried in the qualifying stages of the Europa League.
Ola Toivonen : He became Malmö's second most expensive player of all time (only Brazilian international Afonso Alves cost Malmö more money, when the club bought him for approximately $1.3 million in 2004, also from Örgryte).
Ola Toivonen : On 24 April, PSV travelled to Rotterdam to play Feyenoord at De Kuip.
Ola Toivonen : On 11 August 2010, Toivonen started for the national side in a friendly against Scotland at the Råsunda Stadium in Stockholm.
Ola Toivonen : With strike partner Balázs Dzsudzsák leaving PSV to join Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala, Toivonen was required to fill in and contribute with more goals for the new season.
Ola Toivonen : His first half season in the Netherlands, saw Toivonen score 6 goals in 14 appearances for his new club.
Ola Toivonen : On 21 August 2007, he scored a hat trick (including 2 penalties) for Sweden U21 against Wales U21 in a 4–3 friendly defeat.
Ola Toivonen : PSV and Toivonen continued their rich goal-scoring form, as they hammered Excelsior 6–1 on 28 August with Toivonen netting a brace.
Ola Toivonen : Blackburn Rovers defender Martin Olsson scored a brace in the second half, leading Sweden to a 4–2 win.
Ola Toivonen : He added the third goal in a 3–1 win against NEC Nijmegen on 11 September that helped his side climb to first in the Eredivisie rankings.
Ola Toivonen : In the 2007 season, Toivonen's first at Malmö, the club finished 9th in Allsvenskan and Toivonen scored three goals.
Ola Toivonen : 24 October saw his side record a memorable 10–0 win over rivals Feyenoord at the Philips Stadion.
Ola Toivonen : He was a member of the U-21 national team at the 2009 European Championship in Sweden and scored three times in the competition against Italy U21, Serbia U21, and a superb freekick against England U21 which contributed to a comeback from 3–0 down to 3–3 with Toivonen scoring the second goal.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen scored the first of six goals in the second half.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen scored the opening goal in the 44th minute, giving Sweden a lead at half time.
Ola Toivonen : The 2010–11 campaign saw Toivonen score 15 Eredivisie goals and 3 Europa League goals for PSV, making him the club's second leading goalscorer of the season behind Balázs Dzsudzsák.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen grabbed Sweden's third goal in the 55th minute, his second international goal, helping to seal a 3–0 win for the home side.
Ola Toivonen : On 4 December Toivonen added two goals to his account in a 5–2 win over Heracles Almelo.
Ola Toivonen : After embarrassingly losing 10–0 in the first meeting of the season, Feyenoord responded by winning 3–1, Toivonen scored the only goal for "the Boerens", ending PSV's title hopes.
Ola Toivonen : The first game of the new season kicked off on 7 August 2010 and saw PSV head to the Abe Lenstra Stadion to face Heerenveen.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen scored PSV's second goal, deep into stoppage time, securing a 2–2 draw.
Ola Toivonen : In PSV's second game back following the winter break, Toivonen netted the equalizing goal in a 2–1 win against Willem II.
Ola Toivonen : Toivonen scored his first goal of the season in PSV's 3–0 win over ADO Den Haag on 21 August.
Ola Toivonen : A month later on 20 February 2011, Toivonen scored the third goal, in a 4–1 home win against NAC Breda that saw PSV move two points clear at the top of the Eredivisie.
Ola Toivonen : 14 August 2010 saw Toivonen net his second hat trick for PSV, scoring three goals in a 6–0 win over De Graafschap.
Aaron Carter : and the ballad "Do You Remember".
Aaron Carter : The album featured the patriotic-themed "America A.O."
Aaron Carter : "It's actually very positive.
Aaron Carter : The performance was followed by a record contract, and in the fall of 1997, he released his first single, "Crush on You".
Aaron Carter : Carter began his performing career at the age of seven, as the lead singer of Dead End, a local band formed after the members met at a rock school that they attended in Tampa.
Aaron Carter : After entering the facility, Carter's first message to his fans was, "The main thing in life is not to be afraid of being human."
Aaron Carter : The family was originally from New York City, where his older brother Nick, of the boy band Backstreet Boys, was born.
Aaron Carter : "US Weekly" later reported that Carter had broken off his engagement to Peniche, saying he was impulsive in proposing to her.
Aaron Carter : The album achieved gold status in Norway, Spain, Denmark, Canada, and Germany, and was released in the United States on June 16, 1998.
Aaron Carter : The single was also featured in the soundtrack of the film "Popstar", in which Carter starred.
Aaron Carter : Carter attended the Frank D. Miles Elementary School and the Ruskin School in Florida.
Aaron Carter : Carter's "Most Requested Hits", a collection including tracks from his last three albums as well as a new single, "One Better", was released on November 3, 2003.
Aaron Carter : A real-life motocross racer, Carter also appeared in 2005's "Supercross".
Aaron Carter : On March 13, 2003, Pearlman was declared in contempt of court for ignoring a court order to produce documents relating to royalty payments.
Aaron Carter : Carter had also dated Lindsay Lohan along with his girlfriend Hilary Duff at the same time (leading to a feud between the two), but he broke up with Lohan in April 2003, and resumed dating Duff.
Aaron Carter : On February 21, 2008, Carter was arrested in Kimble County, Texas, when he was pulled over for speeding, and authorities found less than two ounces of marijuana in his car.
Aaron Carter : The direct-to-video film was based heavily on his own life as a performer.
Aaron Carter : In addition to his brother Nick, he also has three sisters: twin sister Angel (a model), B.J.
Aaron Carter : Carter and his siblings starred in a reality show, "House of Carters", which ran in October–November 2006 on E!.
Aaron Carter : During that time, Carter's parents filed a lawsuit against his former manager, Lou Pearlman (now deceased), in 2002 alleging failure to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in royalties on Carter's 1998 album, which was released through Pearlman's label and production company, Trans Continental.
Aaron Carter : On January 23, 2011, Carter's manager Johnny Wright announced that Carter had entered a treatment facility "to heal some emotional and spiritual issues he was dealing with."
Aaron Carter : In 2009, Carter joined season 9 of "Dancing with the Stars".
Aaron Carter : On September 18, 2006, it was reported that Carter was engaged to former beauty queen and Playboy model Kari Ann Peniche.
Aaron Carter : At the age of 13, Carter recorded his third studio album "Oh Aaron", which was released on August 7, 2001, and featured his first duet recording with his brother, Nick, and a duet with the new group at the time, No Secrets.
Aaron Carter : Oh Aaron went platinum that same year and a live concert at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, was released to DVD as .
Aaron Carter : On February 10, 2011, it was announced that Carter had successfully completed a month of rehab at the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California.
Aaron Carter : On August 22, 2010, Carter performed in Lake Ronkonkoma, NY at a benefit concert for Audrianna Bartol, a 3-year-old stricken with Stage 4 neuroblastoma cancer.
Aaron Carter : "Saturday Night", which was released on March 22, 2005, and was promoted by Carter during his summer 2005 "Remix Tour".
Aaron Carter : ", was released on September 3, 2002, during the "Rock, Rap, and Retro" tour.
Aaron Carter : Carter made his first solo appearance, singing a cover of The Jets' "Crush on You", when opening for the Backstreet Boys in Berlin in March 1997.
Aaron Carter : Carter's second studio album, "Aaron's Party (Come Get It)" was released in the United States on September 26, 2000, under the Jive label.
Aaron Carter : Aaron Charles Carter was born on December 7, 1987, at the Tampa General Hospital in Tampa, Florida, where his parents, Jane Elizabeth (née Spaulding) and Robert Gene Carter (1952-2017), ran the Garden Villa Retirement Home.
Aaron Carter : Aaron Charles Carter (born December 7, 1987) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, dancer and record producer.
Hermann Nitsch : In 1966 he was with Yoko Ono, Gustav Metzger, Otto Muehl, Wolf Vostell, Juan Hidalgo and others a participant of the "Destruction in Art Symposium" ("DIAS") in London.
Hermann Nitsch : Hermann Nitsch (born 29 August 1938) is an Austrian avant-garde artist who works in experimental and multimedia modes.
Bernard Lagat : Lagat became a competitor for the United States but was temporarily banned from international championship events, missing the IAAF World Championships in Helsinki.
Bernard Lagat : Bernard Kipchirchir Lagat (born December 12, 1974) is a Kenyan-American middle and long-distance runner.
Bernard Lagat : At the 2007 World Championships in Osaka, Lagat surpassed all his previous achievements by becoming the first athlete to become world champion in both the 1,500 m and 5,000 m at the same IAAF World Outdoor Championships.
Gay Talese : Talese was accepted to the University of Alabama, where his selection of a major was, as he described it, a moot choice.
Gay Talese : "Honor Thy Father" (1971) was made into a feature movie.
Gay Talese : They have two daughters, Pamela Talese, a painter, and Catherine Talese, a photographer and photo editor.
Gay Talese : Gay Talese (; born February 7, 1932) is an American writer.
Gay Talese : Talese's entry into writing was entirely happenstance, and the unintended consequence of the then high school sophomore's attempt to gain more playing time for the baseball team.
Gay Talese : He relates in "A Writer's Life:"
Gay Talese : His 1966 "Esquire" article on Frank Sinatra, "Frank Sinatra Has a Cold", is one of the most influential American magazine articles of all time, and a pioneering example of New Journalism and creative nonfiction.
Gay Talese : Talese's most famous articles are about Joe DiMaggio and Frank Sinatra.
Gay Talese : After graduating during June 1953, Talese relocated to New York City, yet could only find work as a copyboy.
Mariano Pavone : Hugo Mariano Pavone (born 27 May 1982) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Uruguayan club Defensor Sporting as a striker.
Frederick Wiseman : In 2006, he received the George Polk Career Award, given annually by Long Island University to honor contributions to journalistic integrity and investigative reporting.
Frederick Wiseman : The first feature-length film Wiseman produced was "The Cool World" (1963).
Frederick Wiseman : He has both produced and directed all of his films since.
Frederick Wiseman : This was followed by "Titicut Follies" in 1967, which he produced and directed.
Frederick Wiseman : Wiseman works four to six weeks in the institutions he portrays, with almost no preparation.
Frederick Wiseman : All his films have aired on PBS, one of his primary funders.
Frederick Wiseman : Any suspense is on a per-scene level, not constructed from plot points, and there are no characters with whom the viewer is expected to identify.
Frederick Wiseman : Frederick Wiseman (born January 1, 1930) is an American filmmaker, documentarian, and theater director.
Frederick Wiseman : Wiseman's films are often described as in the observational mode, which has its roots in direct cinema, but Wiseman dislikes the term:
Frederick Wiseman : He spends the bulk of the production period editing the material, trying to find a rhythm to make a movie.
Frederick Wiseman : Nevertheless, Wiseman feels that drama is a crucial element for his films to "work as movies" ("Poppy").
Frederick Wiseman : In spite of the inescapable bias that is introduced in the process of "making a movie", he still feels he has certain ethical obligations as to how he portrays events:
Frederick Wiseman : The "rhythm and structure" ("Wiseman") of Wiseman's films pull the viewer into the position and perspective of the subject (human or otherwise).
Frederick Wiseman : The viewer feels the dramatic tension of the situations portrayed, as various environmental forces create complicated situations and conflicting values for the subject.
Frederick Wiseman : In interviews, Wiseman has emphasized that his films are not and cannot be unbiased.
Richard Núñez : In July 2010, Núñez reached an agreement with Club América.
Richard Núñez : Richard Darío Núñez Pereyra (born 16 February 1976 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan footballer.
Richard Núñez : He has played in Mexico since 13 August 2005, when he joined Cruz Azul, scoring 4 goals against Tecos UAG in his debut match.
Nuccio Ordine : Nuccio Ordine also writes for "Corriere della Sera" newspaper.
Nuccio Ordine : His books have been translated in many languages, including Chinese, Japanese and Russian.
Nuccio Ordine : Born in 1958 in Diamante, province of Cosenza, in the region of Calabria, he is a Professor of literature at the University of Calabria.
Nuccio Ordine : He is one of the greatest contemporary experts on Giordano Bruno and Renaissance.
Nuccio Ordine : Nuccio Ordine (; born 1958) is an Italian professor, philosopher and one of the world's top experts on Renaissance and the philosopher Giordano Bruno.
Nuccio Ordine : He is also a general editor of the new edition of the works of Giordano Bruno, together with Yves Hersant and Alain Segonds and of three collections of classical authors at Les Belles Lettres Publishing House (The complete works of Giordano Bruno, bilingual edition, including a critical text and the translation in French, a series supervised by Nuccio Ordine and Yves Hersant and published under the patronage of the Italian Institute for Philosophical Studies and the International Center of Brunian Studies).
Nuccio Ordine : In Italy, he is the general editor of the “Sileni” series of Liguori Publishing House, “Classics of European thinking” at Nino Aragno Publishing House and “Classics of European literature” at Bompiani Publishing House.
Nuccio Ordine : Honorary Member of the Institute of Philosophy of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2010
Nuccio Ordine : Fellow at Harvard University Center for Studies of the Italian Renaissance and of Alexander von Humboldt Stiftung, Ordine taught at the American universities of Yale and New York University and at the European universities EHESS, Ecole Normale Supérieure Paris, Paris-IV Sorbonne, Paris-III Sorbonne-Nouvelle, CESR of Tours, Institut Universitaire de France, Paris-VIII, Institut des Études Avancées de Paris, Warburg Institute and Eichstätt University.
Nuccio Ordine : Laurea Honoris Causa of the Federal University of Rio Grande de Sul,2011
David Coverdale : He has lived in Incline Village, Nevada for more than 20 years.
David Coverdale : The tour continued until the end of 1990.
David Coverdale : Since 1997, he has lived with his third wife, Cindy, an author ("The Food That Rocks"); they have one son named Jasper.
David Coverdale : On 1 March 2007, Coverdale became a US citizen, in a ceremony in Reno, Nevada, and now holds dual US/UK citizenship.
David Coverdale : In 2009 Whitesnake toured with Judas Priest on the "British Steel" 30th Anniversary Tour.
David Coverdale : "Ready an' Willing" also featured the band's biggest hit up to that point, the song "Fool for Your Loving", which reached No.
David Coverdale : Coverdale was married in 1974 to Julia Borkowski from Germany, and their daughter Jessica was born in 1978.
David Coverdale : Kitaen was known for her provocative appearances in Whitesnake's music videos for "Here I Go Again", "Is This Love" and "Still of the Night."
David Coverdale : For the follow-up album, "Trouble", Coverdale was joined by his former Deep Purple colleague, keyboardist Jon Lord.
David Coverdale : Coverdale's second marriage was to former model and actress Tawny Kitaen, from 17 February 1989 until they divorced two years later, in April 1991.
David Coverdale : The album was originally supposed to be Coverdale's solo album, but the record company forced it to be released under the moniker "David Coverdale & Whitesnake".
Leonardo Sbaraglia : International Emmy Awards
Leonardo Sbaraglia : Leonardo Máximo Sbaraglia (; born 30 June 1970 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a prominent Argentine actor, with extensive credits in both Argentina and Spain.
Leonardo Sbaraglia : In 1987, he gained popularity among Argentine youth for his role in the TV series "Clave de sol".
Leonardo Sbaraglia : His mother, Roxana Randon, is a local actress and theater coach.
Leonardo Sbaraglia : He started his acting career at the age of 16 in "La Noche de los lápices" ("Night of the Pencils"), a political documentary drama directed by Héctor Olivera.
Leonardo Sbaraglia : In the following years, he starred in TV and film productions as well as in the theater (e.g., in "La Soledad de los Campos de Algodon", "Closer").
Leonardo Sbaraglia : Other starring roles of his include "Deseo" ("Desire") (2002), a Gerardo Vera film in which he plays at the sides of Leonor Watling and Cecilia Roth, and "Carmen" (2003), an adaptation of Prosper Mérimée's classic by director Vicente Aranda.
Jan Erik Vold : He was born in Oslo, the son of journalist Ragnar Vold.
Jan Erik Vold : Jan Erik Vold (born 18 October 1939) is a Norwegian lyric poet, jazz vocal reciter, translator and author.
Robert Gant : Gant was born in Tampa, Florida.
Robert Gant : Robert Gant (born Robert John Gonzalez; July 13, 1968) is an American actor.
Jacques Marinelli : Marinelli was elected mayor of Melun in 1989 and again in 1995.
Jacques Marinelli : Jacques Marinelli (born 15 December 1925) is a former French cyclist.
Jacques Marinelli : He wore the yellow jersey of leadership for six days in the 1949 Tour de France before finishing third.
Mino Raiola : He currently resides in Monaco.
Mino Raiola : Raiola was born in 1967 in Nocera Inferiore, Salerno, in southern Italy.
Mino Raiola : Carmine "Mino" Raiola (; born 4 November 1967) is an Italian-born Dutch football agent representing a number of well known players, including Zlatan Ibrahimović, Paul Pogba, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Marco Verratti, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Matthijs de Ligt, Erling Braut Håland, and Mario Balotelli.
Mino Raiola : He started playing football for the youth team of HFC Haarlem, but stopped at age 18 in 1987 to become head of the youth team.
Bojan Krkić : He was inspirational in leading Spain to the final.
Bojan Krkić : On 31 August 2017, Bojan joined La Liga side Deportivo Alavés on a season-long loan deal.
Bojan Krkić : He was included in the Spanish squad for a friendly game against France on 6 February 2008.
Bojan Krkić : On 7 August 2019, Bojan joined Major League Soccer side Montreal Impact with a deal through to the end of the 2020 season.
Bojan Krkić : He was, at the time, the youngest Barcelona player ever to feature in a Champions League game, at 17 years and 22 days.
Bojan Krkić : On 22 July 2011, Italian club Roma bought Bojan for a fee of €12 million.
Bojan Krkić : On 22 July 2014, Bojan signed a four-year contract with Premier League side Stoke City for €1.8 million.
Bojan Krkić : Bojan Krkić Pérez (; ; born 28 August 1990), also known as simply Bojan, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Montreal Impact in MLS.
Davide Rebellin : He is considered one of the finest classics specialists of his generation with more than fifty top ten finishes in UCI Road World Cup and UCI ProTour classics.
Davide Rebellin : Davide Rebellin (born 9 August 1971) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, riding for .
Davide Rebellin : Rebellin won the silver medal in the Men's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Chris Claremont : His family moved to the United States when he was three, and he was raised primarily on Long Island.
Chris Claremont : As the writer of "X-Men", Claremont became known for certain characteristic phrases, such as Wolverine's saying, "I'm the best there is at what I do.
Chris Claremont : In 1998, Claremont returned to Marvel as editorial director and the regular writer of "Fantastic Four."
Chris Claremont : Christopher S. Claremont (; born November 25, 1950) is a British-born American comic book writer and novelist, known for his 1975–1991 stint on "Uncanny X-Men", far longer than that of any other writer, during which he is credited with developing strong female characters as well as introducing complex literary themes into superhero narratives, turning the once underachieving comic into one of Marvel's most popular series.
Chris Claremont : Claremont co-created numerous other important female X-Men characters, including Rogue, Psylocke, Mariko Yashida, Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat, Phoenix, Mystique, Lady Mastermind, Emma Frost, Siryn, Rachel Summers, Madelyne Pryor, and Jubilee.
Chris Claremont : In 2000, as part of the company's "Revolution" event, he wrote "Uncanny X-Men" and "X-Men" until he moved to "X-Treme X-Men" with penciller Salvador Larroca.
Han Nefkens : He discovered in 1987 he was HIV-positive.
Han Nefkens : He worked as a radio correspondent in Mexico for eleven years.
Han Nefkens : Born in Rotterdam in 1954, Nefkens studied journalism in France and the United States.
Han Nefkens : In 2006, Nefkens set up ArtAids, a foundation that uses art in order to increase awareness of HIV/AIDS and improve the lives of people living with HIV.
Han Nefkens : Han Nefkens (born 1954) is a Dutch writer and art collector.
Han Nefkens : In 2001 he started the H+F Collection of contemporary art, which consists of photographs, videos, installations and paintings by – among others – Jeff Wall, Sam Taylor-Wood, Bill Viola, Shirin Neshat and Felix Gonzalez-Torres.
Rohan Bopanna : He finished the year with doubles ranking of 18 winning three titles from six final appearances.
Rohan Bopanna : Rohan Bopanna ( ; born 4 March 1980) is an Indian professional tennis player.
Rohan Bopanna : He has been a member of the Indian Davis Cup team since 2002.
Avdija Vršajević : FC Tatran Prešov.
Avdija Vršajević : Avdija Vršajević (born 6 March 1986) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Akhisarspor.
Jeroen Blijlevens : Jeroen Johannes Hendrikus Blijlevens (born 29 December 1971) is a retired road bicycle racer from the Netherlands, who was a professional rider from 1994 to 2004.
Jeroen Blijlevens : In July he was named in a French Senate report as one of many cyclists who had tested positive for EPO during retesting of samples from the 1998 Tour de France, Blijlevens then confessed that he had used EPO since 1997, and that he had lied in the investigation because he wanted to keep his job.
Niki Terpstra : He is the brother of fellow racing cyclist Mike Terpstra.
Niki Terpstra : He is the third Dutch cyclist to have won both of the cobbled Monument spring classics, Paris-Roubaix and the Tour of Flanders, after Jan Raas and Hennie Kuiper.
Niki Terpstra : Niki Terpstra (; born 18 May 1984) is a Dutch racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Niki Terpstra : He was part of the silver medal winning team in the team pursuit in the 2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, together with Levi Heimans, Jens Mouris and Peter Schep.
Thibaut Pinot : Pinot was born in Mélisey, Haute-Saône.
Thibaut Pinot : At 22 years and 54 days, he became the youngest rider to finish in the top 10 since Raymond Impanis in 1947, who was then 21 years and 8 months old.
Thibaut Pinot : Thibaut Pinot (born 29 May 1990) is a French professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Gabriel Amato : Gabriel Omar Amato (born 22 October 1970) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker.
Peter Koech : Peter Koech (born February 18, 1958) is a former long-distance runner from Kenya who won a silver medal in the 3,000 meters steeplechase event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Raphael Gualazzi : In September 2010 he released a self-titled digital EP in Italy and Europe.
Raphael Gualazzi : His third studio album, "Happy Mistake", is released on 14 February 2013.
Raphael Gualazzi : They took second place in the final with the song "Liberi o no".
Raphael Gualazzi : "Madness of Love" finished second out of 43 participating countries with 189 points, 32 points behind the winning song "Running Scared".
Raphael Gualazzi : On 16 September 2005, Gualazzi released his first studio album, titled "Love Outside the Window" and distributed by Edel Music.
Raphael Gualazzi : The song was later released in a remix version by British/French DJ Gilles Peterson.
Raphael Gualazzi : Raffaele Gualazzi (born 11 November 1981 in Urbino), better known as Raphael Gualazzi, is an Italian singer and pianist.
Raphael Gualazzi : The EP features a cover of Fleetwood Mac's "Don't Stop" and three new songs written by Gualazzi, including his first single, "Reality and Fantasy".
Raphael Gualazzi : In 2008, Gualazzi recorded a cover of "Georgia on My Mind" for the compilation "Piano Jazz", released in France by Wagram Music.
Raphael Gualazzi : The song is included in Gualazzi's second studio album, "Reality and Fantasy", released on 16 February 2011 by Sugar Music.
Raphael Gualazzi : Gualazzi was the first Italian singer to represent the country since the Eurovision Song Contest 1997.
Raphael Gualazzi : On 18 February 2011, he won the Sanremo Festival in the Newcomers section, the Critics' "Mia Martini" Award for Newcomers and the "Sala Radio-Tv" Award with the self-penned song "Follia d'amore".
Raphael Gualazzi : In 2014, he took part in the "Big Artists" section in Sanremo 2014 for the second year in a row, this time together with The Bloody Beetroots, with the songs "Liberi o no" and "Tanto ci sei".
Raphael Gualazzi : On 19 February 2011, Gualazzi was chosen among the participants at the Sanremo Festival 2011 to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, held in Düsseldorf, Germany.
Arnaldo Baptista : He is a vegetarian.
Arnaldo Baptista : ", which is considered his best work.
Arnaldo Baptista : This motivated him to try a solo career, and in the same year, he released the album "Lóki?
Arnaldo Baptista : Baptista currently lives with his wife Lucinha Barbosa in the city of Juiz de Fora, where he spends most of his time painting, singing and writing songs.
Arnaldo Baptista : Arnaldo Dias Baptista (, born July 6, 1948, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian rock musician and composer.
Arnaldo Baptista : In 2006, Os Mutantes reunited without Rita Lee, and Baptista played with his brother Sérgio and the drummer Dinho Leme 33 years after originally leaving the band.
Sali Berisha : He eventually returned to power as Prime Minister between 2005 and 2013.
Sali Berisha : Liri Berisha is the president of Albanian Children Foundation.
Sali Berisha : He studied medicine at the University of Tirana, graduating in 1967.
Sali Berisha : Berisha is married to Liri Berisha (née Ramaj), a pediatrician.
Sali Berisha : Berisha was born in Viçidol, Tropojë District, Kukës County, northern Albania, near the border with Kosovo to a Muslim father and mother: Ramë and Sheqere Berisha.
Sali Berisha : In 2005, the Democratic Party won the general elections, and he became the Prime Minister after his coalition formed the new government.
Treat Williams : Williams' career includes numerous stage roles.
Treat Williams : He also is certified as a flight instructor.
Treat Williams : Notable films include: "1941" (1979), "Once Upon A Time In America" (1984), "Dead Heat" (1988), "Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead" (1995), and "Deep Rising" (1998).
Treat Williams : ", "Once in a Lifetime", "Pirates of Penzance" and "Love Letters", and off-Broadway, he has appeared in David Mamet's "Oleanna" and "Oh, Hell" (at Lincoln Center), "Some Men Need Help" and Randy Newman's "Maybe I'm Doing It Wrong".
Treat Williams : He graduated from the Kent School in Connecticut and Franklin and Marshall College in Pennsylvania.
Treat Williams : Williams has also worked as a director, winning two festival awards for directing "Texan" in Showtime's Chanticleer Films series.
Treat Williams : Other notable Broadway shows include "Grease", the Sherman Brothers' "Over Here!
Treat Williams : Williams is a distant relative of Robert Treat Paine, who was a signatory to the Declaration of Independence.
Treat Williams : He came to world attention in 1979, when he starred as George Berger in the Miloš Forman film "Hair", which was based on the 1967 Broadway musical.
Treat Williams : Williams resides in Park City, Utah and Manchester Center, Vermont with his wife, Pam Van Sant, and two children, Gill and Ellie.
Treat Williams : Richard Treat Williams (born December 1, 1951) is an American actor, writer, and aviator who has appeared on film, stage and television in over 120 credits.
John Landis : Warmth".
John Landis : Next, he co-directed "B.B.
John Landis : He has directed several music videos.
John Landis : Landis and his parents relocated to Los Angeles when he was four months old.
John Landis : The three were caught under the aircraft when it crashed.
John Landis : Following "Kelly's Heroes", Landis worked on several films that were shot in Europe (especially in Italy and England), including "Once Upon a Time in the West", "El Condor" and "A Town Called Bastard (a.k.a.
John Landis : Landis began his film career working as a mailboy at 20th Century Fox.
John Landis : In 1991, Landis collaborated again with Michael Jackson on the music video for the song "Black or White."
John Landis : During that time Landis became acquainted with actors Don Rickles and Donald Sutherland, both of whom would later work in his films.
John Landis : It was perhaps Landis's most personal project; he had been planning to make it since 1969, while in Yugoslavia working on "Kelly's Heroes".
John Landis : Landis was born into a Jewish family in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Shirley Levine (née Magaziner) and Marshall Landis, an interior designer and decorator.
John Landis : John David Landis (; born August 3, 1950) is an American film director, comedian, screenwriter, actor, and producer.
John Landis : On July 23, 1982, during the filming of "", actor Vic Morrow and child extras Myca Dinh Le (age 7) and Renee Shin-Yi Chen (age 6) were killed in an accident involving an out-of-control helicopter.
Erik Mykland : Erik Mykland (born 21 July 1971) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Erik Mykland : Mykland was one of the most popular footballers in Norway but never without controversy, his bohemian, unshaved look and relaxed lifestyle in contrast to those of the typical footballers.
Peter Bonetti : Peter Phillip Bonetti (born 27 September 1941 in Putney, London) is a former football goalkeeper for Chelsea, the St. Louis Stars, Dundee United and England.
Peter Bonetti : Two years later, in May 1979, he played his final game for Chelsea, a 1–1 draw with Arsenal, having made a total of 729 appearances for the club in nineteen years – only Ron Harris has made more – and kept over 200 clean sheets.
Wayne Hennessey : He therefore did not concede in his first nine-and-a-half matches of competitive club football.
Wayne Hennessey : Soon after manager Mick McCarthy dropped him to the bench, citing mental fatigue as the reason.
Wayne Hennessey : Hennessey was capped for Wales at under-17, under-19 and under-21 level.
Wayne Hennessey : After progressing through the ranks, he signed his first professional contract in April 2005.
Wayne Hennessey : He did go back to Bristol City in August 2006, however, on a one-month loan deal, but he did not make an appearance and returned to his parent club early due to an arm injury.
Wayne Hennessey : He once scored for the under-19 side with a 40-yard free kick against Turkey.
Wayne Hennessey : This fine run ended against promotion rivals Reading with a 0–3 loss begun by an own goal from Hennessey.
Wayne Hennessey : On his senior debut against Boston United, he kept a clean sheet and after keeping another five clean sheets in successive matches, his loan spell was extended by an extra month.
Wayne Hennessey : After this accomplishment, he was named the League Two Player of the Month for February 2007.
Wayne Hennessey : He went on to set a Football League record of nine successive clean sheets and wins.
Wayne Hennessey : In July 2010, Hennessey extended his contract with Wolves to run until the summer of 2015.
Wayne Hennessey : Hennessey then regained and kept his place in goal for the remainder of the season which culminated with promotion to the Premier League as champions after a five-year absence.
Wayne Hennessey : His record now stands at 857 minutes, from the start of his competitive club debut, against Boston United on 13 January 2007, until Oliver Allen of Barnet scored on 10 March 2007.
Wayne Hennessey : Stockport broke the 119-year-old record, when they beat Swindon Town 3–0 on 3 March 2007.
Wayne Hennessey : Hennessey was recalled by Wolves in April 2007 after another injury to first-choice Matt Murray, and found himself on the substitutes bench for several games.
Wayne Hennessey : However, after conceding four goals in two successive games, he was replaced by the more experienced Marcus Hahnemann and remained on the bench for the rest of the season as the club finished 15th.
Wayne Hennessey : The 2008–09 season saw a strong start for Hennessey and Wolves with eight victories out of the first nine league games.
Wayne Hennessey : To gain first-team football, Hennessey joined League Two side Stockport County in January 2007 on a one-month loan.
Wayne Hennessey : When Murray broke his shoulder on the eve of Wolves' Championship play-off semi-final first leg against local rivals West Bromwich Albion, Hennessey stepped in to make his Wolves debut.
Wayne Hennessey : Hennessey began as a trainee at Manchester City but was released in 2003, whereupon he joined the youth academy at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Wayne Hennessey : With Murray sidelined for the whole of the 2007–08 season with yet another injury, Hennessey became firmly established at the club's number one, being an ever-present in the league and signing a new extended contract.
Wayne Hennessey : Hennessey began the club's 2009–10 Premier League campaign as first choice goalkeeper, making his 100th senior appearance for the club in a 2–2 draw at Stoke City in October 2009.
Wayne Hennessey : Born in Bangor, Gwynedd and raised in Beaumaris, Anglesey, Hennessey speaks Welsh and was educated at Ysgol David Hughes but switched to Connah's Quay High School as it was easier to travel to Manchester.
Tom Heaton : Thomas David Heaton (born 15 April 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Aston Villa and the English national team.
Tom Heaton : He began his professional career with Manchester United but was unable to break into the first team and spent time on loan with Swindon Town, Royal Antwerp, Cardiff City, Queens Park Rangers, Rochdale and Wycombe Wanderers, before joining Cardiff permanently after his release by Manchester United in July 2010.
Laurent Blanc : He announced his retirement from international football after the competition, following the example of his captain Didier Deschamps.
Laurent Blanc : On 11 February 2016, Blanc signed a two-year contract extension.
Laurent Blanc : On 7 February 1989, Blanc made his debut for the senior national team against the Republic of Ireland.
Laurent Blanc : Blanc quickly became a leader in a team that was desperately lacking confidence, and helped Marseille finish in fourth place in his first season, during which he scored 11 goals and earned the nickname ""Le Président"" ("The President").
Laurent Blanc : Laurent Robert Blanc (; born 19 November 1965) is a French professional football manager and former player.
Laurent Blanc : Blanc was well known for kissing good friend and goalkeeper Fabien Barthez's head before the start of every match, supposedly for good luck (the two did repeat this ritual when they played together for Manchester United, but only for Champions League matches).
Laurent Blanc : Guy Roux, impressed by Blanc and looking for a replacement for Dutch international Frank Verlaat, convinced him to join Auxerre in 1995.
Laurent Blanc : In 1999, the readers of "France Football" magazine voted him the fourth-best French player of all time, behind Michel Platini, Zinedine Zidane and Raymond Kopa.
Laurent Blanc : Rolland Courbis managed to convince Blanc to join Marseille, which proved beneficial for both the club and Blanc.
Laurent Blanc : In 2013, he was hired by Paris Saint-Germain, winning further honours.
Laurent Blanc : Blanc won the 1988 European Under-21 Championship, his team beating Greece in the final.
Laurent Blanc : In 1991, Blanc tried his luck abroad when he left Montpellier for Napoli in the Italian Serie A.
Laurent Blanc : After France failed to qualify for the 1994 FIFA World Cup, Blanc was heavily criticised, as well the rest of the team, and he subsequently decided to retire from international football.
Laurent Blanc : Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson had attempted to lure Blanc several times since 1996 and finally succeeded in August 2001 when, at the age of 35, Blanc was brought in to replace the departing Jaap Stam.
Laurent Blanc : His career started at Montpellier, where he signed his first professional contract in 1983.
Laurent Blanc : The French national team was unbeaten in all matches when it fielded the World Cup and European Championship winning defence of Blanc, Desailly, Lilian Thuram and Bixente Lizarazu.
Carwyn Jones : The couple have two children.
Carwyn Jones : In June 2002, his brief was expanded when he was appointed Minister for Open Government in addition to his other duties.
Carwyn Jones : He left practice to become a tutor at Cardiff University for two years on the Bar Vocational Course.
Carwyn Jones : Carwyn Howell Jones, AM (born 21 March 1967) is a Welsh Labour politician who served as First Minister of Wales and Leader of the Welsh Labour Party from 2009 to 2018.
Carwyn Jones : On 1 December 2009, Jones was elected the new Leader with over 50% of the vote.
Carwyn Jones : Carwyn Jones graduated in 1988 from the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth with a Bachelor of Laws degree and went on to the Inns of Court School of Law in London to train as a barrister.
Carwyn Jones : Jones was a County Borough Councillor for Bridgend for five years, where he eventually chaired the Labour group.
Carwyn Jones : Born in Swansea, he was raised in Bridgend in a Welsh-speaking family, and is a fluent speaker of Welsh.
Carwyn Jones : He was a pupil at Brynteg Comprehensive School in Bridgend, and then studied at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth, where he joined the Labour Party during the 1984–5 Miners' Strike.
Carwyn Jones : Following the announcement of Welsh Labour Leader and First Minister Rhodri Morgan in September 2009 that he would be resigning both posts in December 2009, Jones entered the subsequent election to become his successor, where his opponents were Edwina Hart and Huw Lewis.
Carwyn Jones : After the 2007 election, he was appointed Minister for Education, Culture and the Welsh Language, responsible for the Department for Education, Lifelong Learning and Skills and the Culture, Welsh Language and Sport portfolios.
Carwyn Jones : After winning the leadership election in 2009, Carwyn Jones was confirmed as the third First Minister of Wales on 9 December 2009.
Carwyn Jones : On 23 July 2000, he was appointed to the Cabinet as Secretary for Agriculture and Rural Development in the Welsh Government, before the title was changed to Minister in October 2000.
Carwyn Jones : Jones was appointed Deputy Secretary in the National Assembly for Wales on 23 February 2000.
Andrés Oppenheimer : After a year at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota, he obtained a Master's degree in Journalism from Columbia University in New York City in 1978.
Andrés Oppenheimer : Andrés Oppenheimer (born 1951 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is the editor and syndicated foreign affairs columnist with "The Miami Herald," anchor of "Oppenheimer Presenta" on CNN En Español, and author of seven books, several of which have been published in English, Spanish, Portuguese and Japanese"."
Andrés Oppenheimer : He previously worked for five years with The Associated Press in New York, and has contributed on a free-lance basis to "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The New Republic", the BBC, CBS’ “60 Minutes”, and El Pais of Spain.
Andrés Oppenheimer : His column, "The Oppenheimer Report," appears twice a week in "The Miami Herald" and more than 60 U.S. and international newspapers, including the "Miami Herald", "El Mundo" of Spain, "La Nación" of Argentina, "Reforma" of Mexico, "El Mercurio" of Chile and "El Comercio" of Peru.
Andrés Oppenheimer : Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he studied law, and moved to the United States in 1976 with a fellowship from the World Press Institute.
Joan Carretero : Joan Carretero i Grau (; Tremp (Pallars Jussà), 1955) is a Spanish physician and politician.
Joan Carretero : He has worked as doctor in Barbens (Pla d'Urgell), and currently works in Puigcerdà.
Joan Carretero : He was expelled from the ERC on 27 April 2009 because of his vocal criticism regarding the direction of the party.
Joan Carretero : He has been a member of the Association of Parents of Students of Vedruna School in Puigcerdà and president of "Club de Futbol Puigcerdà" (Puigcerdà Football Club).
Joan Carretero : He also has a diploma in Health from the Escola Nacional de Salut in Lleida and a master's degree in Public Health from the University of Barcelona.
Joan Carretero : On 3 October 2009 he created a new Catalan independentist political party, Reagrupament, but it couldn't get representation in the Catalan parliament.
Joan Carretero : He became mayor of Puigcerdà in 1995, when he ran the first time, leading ERC's lists.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke has two younger siblings.
Ben Bernanke : He is among the 50 most published economists in the world according to IDEAS/RePEc.
Ben Bernanke : (Alternative reasons include relatively low worldwide investment coupled with low U.S.
Ben Bernanke : Control of the money supply implies that the government can always avoid deflation by simply issuing more money.
Ben Bernanke : When faced with a mild downturn, banks are likely to significantly cut back lending and other risky ventures.
Ben Bernanke : This further hurts the economy, creating a vicious cycle and potentially turning a mild recession into a major depression.
Ben Bernanke : I would like to say to Milton and Anna [Schwartz, Friedman's coauthor]: Regarding the Great Depression, you're right.
Ben Bernanke : He immigrated to the United States from Przemyśl, Austria-Hungary (today part of Poland) and arrived at Ellis Island, aged 30, on June 30, 1921, with his wife Pauline, aged 25.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke's mother gave up her job as a schoolteacher when her son was born and worked at the family drugstore.
Ben Bernanke : In that speech, he mentioned that the government in a fiat money system owns the physical means of creating money and to maintain market liquidity.
Ben Bernanke : He said "The U.S. government has a technology, called a printing press (or today, its electronic equivalent), that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at no cost."
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke's critics have since referred to him as "Helicopter Ben" or to his "helicopter printing press."
Ben Bernanke : degree, and later with an A.M. in economics "summa cum laude" in 1975.
Ben Bernanke : In 2002, following coverage of concerns about deflation in the business news, Bernanke gave a speech about the topic.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke is particularly interested in the economic and political causes of the Great Depression, on which he has published numerous academic journal articles.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke served as a member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from 2002 to 2005.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke focused less on the role of the Federal Reserve and more on the role of private banks and financial institutions.
Ben Bernanke : His father Philip was a pharmacist and part-time theater manager.
Ben Bernanke : He referred to a statement made by Milton Friedman about using a "helicopter drop" of money into the economy to fight deflation.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke has given several lectures at the London School of Economics on monetary theory and policy.
Ben Bernanke : In a letter to Congress from then-New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo dated April 23, 2009, Bernanke was mentioned along with former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson in allegations of fraud concerning the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke's father and uncle owned and managed a drugstore they purchased from Bernanke's paternal grandfather, Jonas Bernanke.
Ben Bernanke : He has written two textbooks: an intermediate-level macroeconomics textbook coauthored with Andrew Abel (and also Dean Croushore in later editions) and an introductory textbook, covering both microeconomics and macroeconomics, coauthored with Robert H. Frank.
Ben Bernanke : As the recession began to deepen in 2007, many economists urged Bernanke (and the rest of the Federal Open Market Committee) to lower the federal funds rate below what it had done.
Ben Bernanke : On August 25, 2009, President Obama announced he would nominate Bernanke to a second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Ben Bernanke : For example, while Greenspan publicly supported President Clinton's deficit reduction plan and the Bush tax cuts, Bernanke, when questioned about taxation policy, said that it was none of his business, his exclusive remit being monetary policy, and said that fiscal policy and wider society related issues were what politicians were for and got elected for.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke has cited Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz in his decision to lower interest rates to zero.
Ben Bernanke : Economist Brad DeLong, who had previously advocated his own theory for the Great Depression, notes that the global financial crisis of 2008–2009 has raised the pertinence of Bernanke's theory.
Ben Bernanke : For example, Larry Summers, later named Director of the White House's National Economic Council under President Obama, wrote in the "Financial Times" on November 26, 2007—in a column in which he argued that recession was likely—that "... maintaining demand must be the macro-economic priority.
Ben Bernanke : The Bernankes were one of the few Jewish families in Dillon and attended Ohav Shalom, a local synagogue; Bernanke learned Hebrew as a child from his maternal grandfather, Harold Friedman, a professional hazzan (service leader), shochet, and Hebrew teacher.
Ben Bernanke : His sister, Sharon, is a longtime administrator at Berklee College of Music in Boston.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke found that the financial disruptions of 1930–33 reduced the efficiency of the credit allocation process; and that the resulting higher cost and reduced availability of credit acted to depress aggregate demand, identifying an effect he called the financial accelerator.
Ben Bernanke : In a footnote to his speech, Bernanke noted that "people know that inflation erodes the real value of the government's debt and, therefore, that it is in the interest of the government to create some inflation."
Ben Bernanke : On the ship's manifest, Jonas's occupation is listed as "clerk" and Pauline's as "doctor med".
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke was born in Augusta, Georgia, and was raised on East Jefferson Street in Dillon, South Carolina.
Ben Bernanke : Bernanke was the Director of the Monetary Economics Program of the National Bureau of Economic Research and the editor of the American Economic Review.
Ben Bernanke : Jonas Bernanke was born in Boryslav, Austria-Hungary (today part of Ukraine), on January 23, 1891.
Ben Bernanke : In 2005 Bernanke coined the term saving glut, the idea that relatively high level of worldwide savings was holding down interest rates and financing the current account deficits of the United States.
Ben Bernanke : Ben Shalom Bernanke ( ; born December 13, 1953) is an American economist at the Brookings Institution who served two terms as Chair of the Federal Reserve, the central bank of the United States, from 2006 to 2014.
Ben Bernanke : In June 2005, Bernanke was named chairman of President George W. Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, and resigned as Fed Governor.
Ben Bernanke : But Bernanke has been identified by "The Wall Street Journal" and a close colleague as a "libertarian-Republican" in the mold of Alan Greenspan.
Ben Bernanke : Anna Schwartz, however, was highly critical of Bernanke and wrote an opinion piece in "The New York Times" advising Obama against his reappointment as chair of the Federal Reserve.
Zou Kai : Zou Kai (; born February 25, 1988 in Luzhou, Sichuan) is a five-time Olympic and five-time World champion Chinese gymnast, specializing in floor exercise and the horizontal bar.
Pedro Capó : He studied at Colegio San José de Calasanz in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico.
Pedro Capó : All proceeds from the song benefited the Hispanic Federation and its efforts to help those in Puerto Rico affected by Hurricane Maria.
Pedro Capó : Pedro picked up the guitar at an early age and quickly became proficient in the instrument, later playing guitar in and becoming the main voice of the group Marka Registrada.
Pedro Capó : In 2018, after spending a lot of time in the acting industry, Capó made a comeback to music with a single called "Calma".
Pedro Capó : Pedro Capó (born 14 November 1980) is a Puerto Rican musician, singer, songwriter and actor, who is a grandson of Puerto Rican singer Bobby Capó and former Miss Puerto Rico Irma Nydia Vázquez.
Pedro Capó : Capó has won two ASCAP Awards, for "Fiebre de Amor" (2013) and "La Mordidita" (2016).
Pedro Capó : After Farruko joined him for the remix, the music video became a huge success with more than 1.5 billion views on YouTube as of August 2019.
Pedro Capó : He has also starred in the films "Shut Up And Do It" and "Paraiso Travel", which is directed by Simón Brand and co-stars John Leguizamo.
Pedro Capó : In 2017, Capó joined multiple artists such as Jennifer Lopez, Gloria Estefan, and Rita Moreno on Lin-Manuel Miranda's "Almost Like Praying".
Pedro Capó : In 2009, he performed a duet with popular Mexican singer Thalía called "Estoy Enamorado" from her new album "Primera Fila" and another duet with the Puerto Rican singer Kany García called "Si Tú Me Lo Pides".
Pedro Capó : Pedro resided in New York, where he starred in musical productions including: Apollo Theatre's production of "The Sweet Spot" (New York City) and the Off-Broadway hit musical production of "CELIA: The Life and Music of Celia Cruz".
Youssef Mohamad : FC Köln for the transfer of Mohamad to the UAE League.
Youssef Mohamad : Youssef Wasef Mohamad (, born 1 July 1980), also known as Dodo, is a Lebanese technical assistant for the Lebanon national team, and former player.
Lluís Recoder : he holds a degree in law from the University of Barcelona, with a specialization in urban law and development.
Lluís Recoder : As of 2013 he was an Advisory Partner at KPMG Spain.
Lluís Recoder : In the Catalan elections of 1999 and 2003 he was elected "diputat" of the Catalan Parliament, but left to dedicate himself to municipal politics in 2006.
Lluís Recoder : Lluís Miquel Recoder i Miralles (Barcelona, Spain 29 September 1958) is a Spanish politician.
Emil Forsberg : He was also nominated for Swedish midfielder of the year at Fotbollsgalan.
Emil Forsberg : He went on to play several matches for Sundsvall in his first season.
Emil Forsberg : Forsberg signed a four-year contract lasting until the end of the 2016 season.
Emil Forsberg : He joined the club on 1 January 2013 when the transfer window opened in Sweden.
Emil Forsberg : In January 2015, Forsberg joined German second league side RB Leipzig on a three and a half year deal.
Emil Forsberg : On 10 December 2012, Forsberg was presented as a Malmö player.
Emil Forsberg : As recognition of Forsbergs feats during the season he won the award for Allsvenskan Midfielder of the year.
Emil Forsberg : He also participated in all of the club's matches in the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League campaign in which Malmö FF qualified for the group stage.
Emil Forsberg : Emil Peter Forsberg (; born 23 October 1991) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for RB Leipzig as a winger, and the Sweden national team.
Emil Forsberg : His first season at the club proved to be a success as he played 28 matches out of 30 and scored five goals for the club as they won the league title.
Emil Forsberg : He also played all matches for the club during the qualification stage for the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League and scored two goals.
Emil Forsberg : For his second season at the club he had become a regular in the starting eleven at Sundsvall and played 30 out of 30 matches for the 2010 season.
Emil Forsberg : Born in Sundsvall, Forsberg started his career with his home-town team and joined the first team squad in 2009 when the club was playing in Sweden's second tier of football, Superettan.
Emil Forsberg : For his first season in Allsvenskan Forsberg played 21 matches out of 30 and scored 6 goals, however Sundsvall were relegated to Superettan once again after losing the relegation play-offs against Halmstads BK.
Richard Serra : Rolls of lead are designed to sag over time.
Richard Serra : Many of these pieces are self-supporting and emphasize the weight and nature of the materials.
Richard Serra : program at the Yale University School of Art and Architecture between 1961 and 1964.
Richard Serra : Still, he is better known for his minimalist constructions from large rolls and sheets of metal (COR-TEN steel).
Richard Serra : Serra helped support himself by working in steel mills, labor which was to have a strong influence on his later work.
Richard Serra : These films can be viewed in a room off the Arcelor gallery in the Guggenheim museum in Bilbao.
Richard Serra : Serra's older brother is the famed San Francisco trial attorney Tony Serra.
Richard Serra : There was controversy over the installation from day one, largely from workers in the buildings surrounding the plaza who complained that the steel wall obstructed passage through the plaza.
Richard Serra : Serra's earliest work was abstract and process-based made from molten lead hurled in large splashes against the wall of a studio or exhibition space.
Richard Serra : Richard Serra (born November 2, 1938) is an American artist involved in the Process Art Movement.
Richard Serra : A public hearing in 1985 voted that the work should be moved, but Serra argued the sculpture was site specific and could not be placed anywhere else.
Richard Serra : In 2005, the museum mounted an exhibition of more of Serra's work, incorporating "Snake" into a collection entitled "The Matter of Time".
Richard Serra : At the 2006 Whitney Biennial, Serra showed a simple litho crayon drawing of an Abu Ghraib prisoner with the caption "STOP BUSH."
Richard Serra : Serra studied English literature at the University of California, Berkeley in 1957 before transferring to the University of California, Santa Barbara, graduating with a B.A.
Richard Serra : Another famous work of Serra's is the mammoth sculpture "Snake", a trio of sinuous steel sheets creating a curving path, permanently located in the largest gallery of the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao.
Richard Serra : He has not always fared so well in Spain, however; also in 2005, the Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid announced that the 38-tonne sculpture "Equal-Parallel/Guernica-Bengasi" (1986) had been "mislaid".
Richard Serra : In 1981, Serra installed "Tilted Arc", a 3.5 meter high arc of steel in the Federal Plaza in New York City.
Guy Demel : In 2004, Demel, a French citizen, acquired an Ivorian passport.
Guy Demel : Guy Roland Demel (born 13 June 1981) is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Guy Demel : Born in Orsay, France, Demel started his professional career in the French Ligue 2 with Nîmes Olympique.
Guy Demel : He has since been selected for the national team, playing at the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations, and being named to the squad for the 2006 and 2010 World Cup finals.
Guy Demel : He then played in Germany for ten years, signing for Borussia Dortmund in 2001 and then Hamburger SV in 2005.
Guy Demel : He was signed by Arsenal in August 2000 spending one season in London without making a first team appearance before being transferred to Borussia Dortmund.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : He attended Wanstead High School.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : He grew up, and still lives, in the affluent Manor Road area of Chigwell, Essex.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : He has been labelled a perfectionist, and highly self-critical even in victory.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : While not quite possessing the same power in his left arm, being ambidextrous enables him to attempt shots with his left hand that would otherwise require awkward cueing with a or .
Ronnie O'Sullivan : Ronald Antonio O'Sullivan (born 5 December 1975) is an English professional snooker player who is one of the most successful players in the history of the sport.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : When he first displayed this left-handed ability in the 1996 World Championship against Alain Robidoux, the Canadian accused him of disrespect and refused to shake hands after the match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : After winning the 1998 Irish Masters, he was stripped of his title and prize money when a post-match drug test found evidence of cannabis in his system.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : After turning professional in 1992 at the age of 16, he won 74 of his first 76 qualifying matches, including a record 38 consecutive professional victories.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : He played three frames of snooker against former world championship semi-finalist Rex Williams, winning all three.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : During the 1996 World Championship, he assaulted assistant press officer Michael Ganley, for which the WPBSA gave him a suspended two-year ban and a £20,000 fine.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : He was summoned to a disciplinary hearing in response to Robidoux's formal complaint, where he had to prove that he could play to a high level with his left hand.
Ronnie O'Sullivan : O'Sullivan has written three crime novels in collaboration with author Emlyn Rees: "Framed" (2016), "Double Kiss" (2017), and "The Break" (2018).
Ronnie O'Sullivan : At the 2005 UK Championship, he sat with a wet towel draped over his head during his match against Mark King.
Cuba Gooding Jr. : In 2016, he portrayed O.J.
Cuba Gooding Jr. : Though it was well received in screenings, it was ultimately not picked up by the network.
Cuba Gooding Jr. : Gooding was born on January 2, 1968, in The Bronx, New York City.
Cuba Gooding Jr. : Gooding's first job as an entertainer was as a breakdancer, performing with singer Lionel Richie at the closing ceremonies of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Cuba Gooding Jr. : In 1996, Gooding reached a new level of prominence when he was cast as an arrogant yet charismatic football player in Cameron Crowe's blockbuster dramatic sports comedy "Jerry Maguire" (1996) with co-star Tom Cruise, which was a major critical and commercial success and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Adrian Pasdar : From 2014 to 2018, he played the recurring role of Glenn Talbot on the Marvel TV series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D" and, from 2016 to 2017, recurred as Nolan Burgess on the series "Colony".
Adrian Pasdar : His father, Homayoon Pasdar (born 1935), was an Iranian immigrant who was a cardiac surgeon, with a practice near Philadelphia.
Adrian Pasdar : Adrian Pasdar (born April 30, 1965) is an American actor and voice artist.
Adrian Pasdar : His mother, Rosemarie (née Sbresny), worked as a travel agent.
Adrian Pasdar : Pasdar was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
David Tennant : His wife announced the birth of their fifth baby in an Instagram post on 13 October 2019.
David Tennant : David John Tennant (né McDonald; born 18 April 1971) is a Scottish actor.
David Tennant : Tennant married actress Georgia Moffett on 30 December 2011, having met her when they co-starred in the "Doctor Who" episode "The Doctor's Daughter," in which she played his character's genetically engineered daughter.
David Tennant : He played the roles of the tenth incarnation of The Doctor in the BBC sci-fi series "Doctor Who" (2005–2010), Giacomo Casanova in the BBC comedy-drama serial "Casanova" (2005), Barty Crouch, Jr. in the fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005), DI Alec Hardy in the ITV crime drama series "Broadchurch" (2013–2017), and Kilgrave in the Netflix superhero series "Jessica Jones" (2015–2019).
David Tennant : 6 in its "Top Ten" list of the most influential British television artists of the year, citing his roles in "Blackpool", "Casanova", "Secret Smile", and "Doctor Who".
Wojciech Kowalczyk : Wojciech Kowalczyk (born 14 April 1972) is a Polish retired footballer who played as a striker.
Stephen Downes : A member of the New Democratic Party, he ran on a platform to the left of incumbent mayor Rick Borotsik.
Stephen Downes : Downes was the winner of the Edublog Award for Best Individual Blog in 2005 for his blog OLDaily.
Stephen Downes : In 2008, Downes and George Siemens designed and taught an online, open course reported as a "landmark in the small but growing push toward 'open teaching - widely considered the first Massive open online course (MOOC).
Stephen Downes : Downes ran for Mayor of Brandon in 1995, when he was working at the Assiniboine Community College.
Stephen Downes : Downes has explored and promoted the educational use of computer and online technologies since 1995.
Stephen Downes : Stephen Downes (born April 6, 1959) is a Canadian philosopher and commentator in the fields of online learning and new media.
Stephen Downes : Downes gave the 2004 Buntine Oration and was a presenter at the February 2007 Online Connectivism Conference.
Stephen Downes : Downes is Editor at Large of the International Journal of Instructional Technology and Distance Learning.
Stephen Downes : Born in Montreal, Quebec, Downes lived and worked across Canada before joining the National Research Council of Canada as a senior researcher in November 2001.
Leonardo Sierra : Leonardo Sierra Sepúlveda (born 10 October 1968) is a Venezuelan former road bicycle racer.
Zoltán Stieber : He made his 2.
Zoltán Stieber : He made an immediate impact for the "Glovers" and his loan deal was extended until the end of January.
Zoltán Stieber : This led the young midfielder to be awarded the first ever BBC Radio West Midlands Young Player of the Month, on 20 September 2007.
Zoltán Stieber : He was also involved in producing a memorable hat-trick of assists, to help gain victory over Reading in a 3–0 win.
Zoltán Stieber : He had an unsuccessful trials with Arsenal and Manchester United prior to signing a youth contract with Aston Villa where he played for four years.
Zoltán Stieber : However, he decided to join TuS Koblenz on 29 January 2009 after a successful trial signing a 2.5-year contract until 30 June 2011.
Zoltán Stieber : His first start came on 6 February 2009, against FSV Frankfurt.
Zoltán Stieber : Bundesliga début on 30 January 2009, as a 64th-minute substitute for Frank Wiblishauser in a 0–0 draw with Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
Zoltán Stieber : In July 2007, Stieber was given his first taste of first-team action, when he was called up to the senior squad for the tour of the U.S. and Canada.
Zoltán Stieber : Despite not making a competitive breakthrough to the senior team, he made a positive impression for Aston Villa Reserves that season, scoring against Fulham and Portsmouth and chalking up 6 assists in the opening 6 matches.
Zoltán Stieber : Stieber trained with Blackpool for a short period and was also offered a trial by Norwich City.
Zoltán Stieber : In early July 2008, he was called up to a 21-man squad for the tour of Switzerland, but only played 20 minutes – all in the 6–0 victory over FC Wil 1900.
Zoltán Stieber : Further appearances against Lincoln City, Walsall and Reading followed, the majority of which were played in an unaccustomed left-back role.
Zoltán Stieber : Stieber made his Yeovil Town debut two days later on 24 November 2007, in a 2–1 loss against Millwall and scored his first goal days before his loan spell ran out, in the 2–1 victory over Brighton & Hove Albion.
Zoltán Stieber : Like the previous season, Stieber was again involved with the first-team prior to the beginning of the new campaign.
Zoltán Stieber : On 22 November 2007, Stieber joined League One side Yeovil Town on loan until 1 January 2008.
Zoltán Stieber : He made his debut against Toronto and impressed against the Major League Soccer team, he also appeared in a further pre-season match against Walsall, in which he assisted the first goal of the game.
Zoltán Stieber : Zoltán Stieber (; born 16 October 1988) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Zalaegerszegi TE and the Hungary national football team.
Zoltán Stieber : In late May 2007, Stieber guided Aston Villa to success in the 2007 HKFC Philips Lighting International Soccer Sevens, scoring a spectacular winner against City Academy Hong Kong to book a place in the knock-out stages.
Zoltán Stieber : Stieber signed a two-year contract with Aston Villa in May 2005 and quickly impressed Tony McAndrew with his performances for the Academy.
Zoltán Stieber : He was part of the squad that got to the Play-offs Final of the FA Premier Academy League in May 2006, which Villa lost 3–2 against Southampton.
Zoltán Stieber : Stieber appeared 13 times for Aston Villa Reserves in the 2006–07 season, scoring two goals, against Fulham and Chelsea.
Roland Sandberg : He started his career at Swedish club Åtvidabergs FF, and moved to German club 1.
Roland Sandberg : He also played 37 matches and scored 15 goals for the Sweden national football team from 1969 to 1976, including scoring two goals in the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
Roland Sandberg : Roland Sandberg (born 16 December 1946 in Karlskrona) is a Swedish former footballer.
Marcus du Sautoy : Du Sautoy was awarded the Berwick Prize in 2001 by the London Mathematical Society for the publication of outstanding mathematical research.
Miguel Ángel Silvestre : He planned on becoming a professional tennis player before suffering an injury in a Hungarian tournament.
Miguel Ángel Silvestre : He studied drama, physical theatre, modern dance and acrobatics before winning the "Mister 2002" pageant.
Ángel Lafita : Ángel Imanol Lafita Castillo (born 7 August 1984) is a Spanish former professional footballer.
Ángel Lafita : In July 2009, Zaragoza paid the sum requested to rebuy the player but Deportivo did not compel, claiming both clubs had agreed on a higher fee (€3.5 million).
Ángel Lafita : In January 2016, aged 31, Lafita moved abroad for the first time, signing a two-and-a-half-year deal at Al Jazira Club in the United Arab Emirates.
Ángel Lafita : On 29 May 2012, after failing to negotiate a new contract, Lafita agreed to join Getafe CF on a four-year deal.
Ángel Lafita : In August 2007, Lafita was loaned to Deportivo de La Coruña which had an option to buy at the end of the campaign.
Raimon : His success was immediate.
Raimon : This was originally to be the first of four concerts, but the final three were cancelled.
Raimon : He also toured Britain.
Raimon : Also, he began to play accompanied by a double bass, before assembling a full backing group.
Raimon : The song, voted by the public, won first prize.
Raimon : Up until then, Raimon always had played solo, with his guitar.
Raimon : The act was rebroadcast on TVE, and provoked great controversy.
Raimon : Raimon surprised with the form and content of his songs.
Raimon : In 1992 he toured Japan again, and also sang in various universities in the United States.
Raimon : He published an EP with four love songs dedicated to the woman whom would become his wife the following year.
Raimon : The only unreleased songs incorporated in "Raimon.
Raimon : The same year he began his international activities at the university at Lovaina in Belgium.
Raimon : More than sixty thousand people filled the Pla d'en Sala de Canet.
Raimon : Under the title "Cançons de mai.
Raimon : The same year a new Complete Works was released, this time on CD.
Raimon : In the spring of this same year, he appeared for the first and only time at the Sis Hores de Cançó in Canet de Mar.
Raimon : The songs were "En tu estime el món", "Treballaré el teu cos", "Si un dia vols" and "No sé com".
Raimon : Initially reticent, Raimon eventually accepted ""per voluntat de servei al país i a la llengua"" (as an act of service to the country and the language).
Raimon : Much later, Raimon confessed that he wanted to put "Se'n va anar" and "Diguem no" together because, if they banned the disc, they would ban the both of them.
Raimon : From this moment, Raimon dedicated much effort to avoiding irrelevance as a resistance artist.
Raimon : That same year he was granted the Gold Medal (Medalla de Oro) of the Generalitat de Catalunya.
Raimon : The performance was captured on a double album, "El recital de Madrid".
Raimon : He also performed in Cuba, Switzerland, and other countries.
Raimon : Other releases appeared in France, the U.S. and Uruguay, and he toured in Uruguay, Chile, and Argentina.
Raimon : A little later, after entering a contest in Castelló, where Els Setze Jutges participated, he sang for them.
Raimon : During this period of success, he received a surprising proposal: to sing at the Festival de la Canción Mediterránea with a song in Catalan.
Raimon : The following two years he released further international discs and gave hundreds of live shows.
Raimon : Josep Maria Espinàs was impressed and invited him to Barcelona for the Fòrum Vergés.
Raimon : The other, "Campus de Bellaterra", was recorded live at a performance at the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona.
Raimon : The same year, he surprised many by making an appearance on "Literal", a program on TVE-Catalunya dedicated to the world of literature.
Raimon : This same year he had two more historic recitals, one at the Price labor movement festival and the other at the Faculty of Economics in Madrid.
Raimon : The following year, during the optimism preceding democratic rule, he sang in the sports pavilion of Real Madrid on April 1.
Raimon : The new complete works also included the only two songs he recorded written by other songwriters: "Se'n va anar" and "Amanda".
Raimon : From this moment, Raimon appeared rarely in public and made few recordings.
Raimon : Despite making four appearances at the Palacio de los Deportes de Barcelona in 1977, he began to steer clear of large concerts and stayed away from organized actions for political parties.
Raimon : In 1962, Raimon made his first public appearance at a literary prize ceremony.
Raimon : From that moment, Catalan song, considered up to then a minority phenomenon of little consequence, began to receive the attention of the censors and of the institutions of the Franquistas, with the host of prohibitions that accompanied them.
Raimon : The next year, he returned to the Paris Olympia, and another LP was released solely in France.
Raimon : He also performed in Mexico, Germany, Switzerland, and Cuba that year.
Raimon : In 1967 he performed at the Teatre Romea, the first recital of a Catalan singer there.
Raimon : That same year, his first LP saw light, a live album containing versions of the majority of his previously released songs and two new tunes, "Si em mor" and "Cantarem la vida".
Raimon : Also in attendance were the Japanese group Warabi-za, the Coral Sant Jordi directed by Oriol Martorell and the band La Lira Ampostina.
Raimon : The tenth disc, "Testimonis", is dedicated to live recordings and includes a version of "Al vent" sung in Japanese by a choir from that country.
Raimon : He was heckled at Madrid's Plaza de las Ventas bullring, where he sang a homage to Miguel Ángel Blanco, assassinated by ETA.
Raimon : In 1964 a third EP appeared, which featured the songs "D'un temps d'un país" and "Cançó de les mans".
Raimon : In 1983 he released "Les hores guanyades", which included his thoughts on the political scene (including the failed coup d'etat of February 23), the life of the artist and many other themes.
Raimon : Two years later, in 1979, a new album appeared, "Quan l'aigua es queixa", assembled from six concerts in the Palau de la Música Catalana.
Raimon : In 1973 he published the book "Poemes i cançons", with a prologue by Manuel Sacristán.
Raimon : He released a new album in 1984, "Entre la nota i el so", with songs like "Lluny de la pedra i de l'aigua" and "Al meu país la pluja".
Raimon : In France he released an album recorded live on June 7 at the Olympia, which won the Francis Carco award the following year for best foreign song, granted by the Académie du Disque Français.
Raimon : In early 1997 a new album finally appeared, "Cançons de mai" with arrangements by Manel Camp.
Raimon : Raimon then took exactly a decade to record an album of new songs, but this was not a time of inactivity; he formed a stable group of accompanying musicians on the guitar, double bass, cello and accordion - and performed together with them as well as solo, under conditions he found artistically preferable.
Raimon : In 1971 he released another LP with included "13 de març, cançó dels creients" and the love song "Quan te'n vas".
Raimon : It consisted of seven settings of Ausiàs March and six of his own poems, including the ironic "Soliloqui solipsista", which was accompanied by a video clip.
Raimon : In his youth he worked for several years as a radio broadcaster in his hometown, absorbing the music of artists as diverse as Juliette Gréco, The Platters, and Juanito Valderrama.
Raimon : Some of the public criticised his singing in Catalan, which he publicly avowed by singing Valencian dialect of Catalan, and the fact that the song "País Basc" was prohibited in Francoist Spain.
Raimon : In 1968 he released his first disc with Discophon, the song "Indesinenter" (a setting of a poem of Espriu).
Raimon : In 1965, his historic open-air performance at the Institut Químic de Sarrià took place, the first true massive act of Catalan song; he also made his first appearances in Paris and Germany.
Raimon : In 1974 the album "A Victor Jara" was released, collaborating with a number of avant-garde French musicians like Michel Portal.
Raimon : At the presentation of the album at the Palau de la Música Catalana, Raimon performed for the first time almost entirely without using the guitar, gesturing to great effect during the concert.
Raimon : In order to regroup all his work, in 1981 he re-recorded all his songs with new arrangements by Manel Camp and Antoni Ros Marbà.
Raimon : At the end of 1997 the CD "Recitals al Palau" was released and in 1999 he published a compilation of all his love songs, "Les cançons d'amor".
Raimon : It was there that he discovered Catalan culture, and read writers such as Ausiàs March, Salvador Espriu, Josep Pla, and Joan Fuster, among others.
Raimon : A concert in Barcelona at the Palau de la Música Catalana on January 28 was released as a live album, "Raimon Palau", with 12 songs.
Raimon : Cançons de sempre", Raimon made appearances in Perpignan, Xàtiva, Majorca, and in the Palau de la Música Catalana.
Raimon : In 1965, Raimon sang for the first time in Barcelona without Els Setze Jutges or other singers: his first solo recital took place in the Aliança del Poble Nou.
Raimon : Catalan guests included Serrat (a former rival, but reconciled friend), Ovidi Montllor, and Pi de la Serra.
Raimon : On this disc are songs of a markedly intimate character: "Del blanc i el blau", "La mar respira calma" (written in the style of Espriu), "Primer parlaré de tu", etc.
Raimon : During Raimon's performance, while he performed the song "Inici de càntic en el temple", a crane elevated an enormous Catalan flag on the side of the stage.
Raimon : Raimon was born in Xàtiva in the province of Valencia, Spain on December 2, 1940, at "el carrer Blanc" (White Street), which he references in some songs.
Raimon : His first EP appeared quickly on Catalan record label Edigsa in 1963; it included the songs "Al vent", "Som", "La pedra", and "A colps", and became a great sales success.
Raimon : On Saint George's day 1993, a large concert took place in the Palau Sant Jordi in Barcelona, before some eighteen thousand spectators, to celebrate the thirtieth anniversary of the release of "Al vent".
Raimon : His urgent texts spoke of a rebellious existentialism; his style departed from the "French style" of Els Setze Jutges and offered a vision of the world tied not to the life of the Barcelona bourgeois in which musicians like Espinàs, Delfí Abella, and Enric Barbat lived, but rather to the Valencian working classes.
Raimon : Side B featured "Indesinenter" and five songs written by Raimon: "Societat de consum" (one of his few songs with an ironic treatment), "Quan creus que ja s'acaba", "De nit a casa", "T'ho devia" and "Sobre la pau".
Raimon : In 1975, while Franco ailed, Raimon sang at the Palau dels Esports de Barcelona, where he debuted one of his classics, "Jo vinc d'un silenci".
Raimon : Ramon Pelegero Sanchis, who takes the stage name of Raimon (), is a Spanish singer, one of the most important exponents of the musical style of Nova Cançó and one of the most well-known veteran artists in the Catalan language.
Raimon : The following album ("Presències i oblit", 1987) marked a brief experimentation with electronic music and with instruments like a drum kit and a synthesizer (with arrangements made by the percussionist Ezequiel Guillén Saki).
Raimon : Raimon sang many songs, but also on stage were many artists who had shared experiences with him over many years: the Uruguayan Daniel Vigiletti, the Basque Mikel Laboa, the Portuguese Luis Cilia, the American folk singer Pete Seeger, and others.
Raimon : Raimon, without a guitar, sang, together with Salomé, who gave a feminine interpretation of the love song "Se'n va anar" by Josep Maria Andreu and Lleó Borrell.
Raimon : In 2000, he published a new Complete Works with many unreleased songs, settings of 15th century authors: Francí Guerau, Jordi de Sant Jordi, Mossèn Estanya, Bernat Metge and Jaume Roig.
Raimon : otes les cançons" were some settings of Joan Roís de Corella, Joan Timoneda, Ausiàs March and Espriu.
Raimon : After another single, which included his first setting of Ausias March, "Veles e vents", he released the disc "Per destruir aquell qui l'ha desert" in 1970, arranged by Lleó Borrell and with cover art by Antoni Tàpies.
Raimon : It includes some settings, of Ausias March ("No em pren així", "Lo jorn ha por"), Joan Roís de Corella ("Si en lo mal temps"), Joan Timoneda ("So qui so") and Pere Quart ("Una vaca amb un vedellet en braços").
Raimon : It includes poems of Espriu ("Nous cants de llibertat" and the ironic swing "I beg your pardon"), Ausiàs March ("Si em demanau" and "On és lo lloc"), and his own texts: "Als matins a ciutat", "L'última llum", "Un sol consell", "No el coneixia de res", "Fou un infant", "Perquè ningú no em contarà els seus somnis", "I després de creure tant" "Andreu, amic", dedicated to the sculptor Andreu Alfaro.
Raimon : Many of the songs had strong social/political overtones: "Qui ja ho sap tot", "A un amic", "18 de maig a la Villa", "No em mou al crit", "Quan jo vaig nàixer", and the poem of Espriu, dedicated to Pompeu Fabra, "El meu poble i jo".
Raimon : The result was a set of ten discs, whose songs were grouped thematically: "Orígens", "Cançons d'amor", "Ausiàs March", "Dedicatòries", "Cançons de la roda del temps" (Espriu), "He mirat aquesta terra" (Espriu), "Poetes dels segles XV i XVI", "Amb els silencis i les nostres paraules" and "L 'aigua del temps que vius".
Raimon : Before touring Japan for the first time in 1977 he released the album "Lliurament del cant", which combined settings of Joan Timoneda ("Bella, de vós so enamorós", "Qui té anguila per la cua"), Espriu ("Potser arran de l'alba"), and some of his own texts: "Qui pregunta ja respon", "Un lleu tel d'humitat", "Tristesa el nom"," Com una mà", "Que tothom", "A Joan Miró" (not exactly a new song, but hitherto not released in Spain), and a studio version of "Jo vinc d'un silenci".
Raimon : Immediately thereafter, Raimon's second EP appeared, with "Se'n va anar" and three other tunes: the existential "Disset anys", "Cançó del capvespre" (Raimon's first setting of a poem of Salvador Espriu) and "Ahir", quickly known by its subtitle "Diguem no", which would for many years be sung with altered lyrics that softened its overtly political message.
Raimon : Raimon's originals were "T'he conegut sempre igual", a song about secrecy written as a result of his fortuitous encounter with the persecuted Gregori López i Raimundo; "Molt lluny", a nostalgic revisitation of adolescence; "Morir en aquesta vida", a rejection of suicide which contains a literal citation of Mayakovsky; "Amb tots els petits vicis", about being in one's thirties; and the sober love song "Com un puny".
Raimon : Side A was dedicated to settings of 15th century Catalan poets: the poem "Desert d'amics" (the original name, "Presoner", was forbidden by the censors), by Jordi de Sant Jordi; a fragment of the "Llibre dels bons amonestaments", of Anselm Turmeda, titled "Elogi dels diners", and four poems of Ausiàs March: "Veles e vents", "Així com cell", "Quins tan segurs consells" and "Si com lo taur".
Irfan Bachdim : Irfan Haarys Bachdim (born 11 August 1988) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Bali United and the Indonesia national team.
Dave Mustaine : "Either way, I don't put too much earthly merit on it."
Dave Mustaine : Managers and producers had more input.
Dave Mustaine : So What!"
Dave Mustaine : Afterwards my whole life has changed.
Dave Mustaine : The answer to that would be no."
Dave Mustaine : ", in January 1988.
Dave Mustaine : It says in the Bible that men should not lay with men like they lay with women.
Dave Mustaine : The new lineup made its live debut in Finland on February 4 and returned to the US for Gigantour 2008 in the spring.
Dave Mustaine : That summer, the band toured the U.S. and Canada with Exciter.
Dave Mustaine : The last thing I need is a bunch of homos picketing us."
Dave Mustaine : Following his hospital stay, he immediately checked himself into a treatment center in Texas.
Dave Mustaine : He also said he vowed to teach them how to play instruments.
Dave Mustaine : ", on Combat Records.
Dave Mustaine : On June 17, 2019, Mustaine announced that he had been diagnosed with throat cancer.
Dave Mustaine : For the next four months, Mustaine underwent intense physical therapy five days a week.
Dave Mustaine : He was diagnosed with radial neuropathy, also known as Saturday Night Palsy, which left him unable to grasp or even make a fist with his left hand.
Dave Mustaine : The band owns a building in San Diego, California, which has housed their recording equipment over the years.
Dave Mustaine : The injury, induced by falling asleep with his left arm over the back of a chair caused compression of the radial nerve.
Dave Mustaine : In July, the band covered "Never Say Die" for a second Black Sabbath tribute.
Dave Mustaine : While undergoing treatment, he was administered pain medication that triggered a relapse.
Dave Mustaine : MTV News invited Mustaine to cover the Democratic National Convention for them that summer.
Dave Mustaine : The song "Crush 'Em" was written with the express purpose of being played in wrestling arenas.
Dave Mustaine : He was brought up as a Jehovah's Witness.
Dave Mustaine : Kerry King joined the band for a few shows; however, he opted to leave Megadeth after less than a week so he could continue working on his own band, Slayer.
Dave Mustaine : July saw the release of Megadeth's most commercially successful record: "Countdown to Extinction".
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine's wife, Pamela, gave birth to their son Justis on February 11, 1992.
Dave Mustaine : In 1988, in response to the British government's Section 28, Mustaine said: "More power to them.
Dave Mustaine : In an answer to a question about Judas Priest having an overt homosexual image, "I don't wanna talk about this.
Dave Mustaine : Slowly, Mustaine began to play again, but was forced to "re-teach" his left hand.
Dave Mustaine : After Poland was released, he rejoined the band in October and the band then began recording their second studio album for Combat.
Dave Mustaine : As the tour behind "Risk" soldiered on, Al Pitrelli replaced Friedman on the road.
Dave Mustaine : While at rehab, Mustaine suffered an injury causing severe nerve damage to his left arm.
Dave Mustaine : He was then asked if he would support legislation to make gay marriage legal and said, "I'm Christian.
Dave Mustaine : In January 2002, Mustaine was admitted to the hospital to get a kidney stone removed.
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine began to focus on his Christian faith more directly while attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, and became a committed Christian.
Dave Mustaine : The tour began one month before Megadeth released "Rust in Peace" (1990), which continued their commercial success.
Dave Mustaine : Recorded with producer Dann Huff, again in Nashville, "Risk" was released on August 31, 1999.
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine was arrested for "impaired driving" that March with seven or more drugs in his system and was forced by authorities to enter a rehabilitation program (the first of his 15 visits to rehabilitation centers).
Dave Mustaine : In later years, Mustaine would blame much of this period on Friedman's desire to go in a more "pop" direction.
Dave Mustaine : "Crush 'Em" made it onto the "Universal Soldier: The Return" soundtrack and into WCW wrestling events (notably played live on Monday Nitro).
Dave Mustaine : Megadeth released their third album, "So Far, So Good...
Dave Mustaine : Shortly after, Mustaine fired Behler and Young, accusing Young of having thoughts of a relationship with Mustaine's then-girlfriend.
Dave Mustaine : In September of that year, the band joined the "Clash of the Titans" tour overseas with Slayer, Suicidal Tendencies and Testament.
Dave Mustaine : David Scott Mustaine was born September 13, 1961, in La Mesa, California, to Emily (née David) and John Mustaine.
Dave Mustaine : After a series of unsuccessful vocalist auditions, Mustaine elected to take on vocal duties himself in addition to playing lead and rhythm guitar.
Dave Mustaine : In February 1990, guitarist Marty Friedman (formerly of Cacophony) was auditioned to fill in the vacant lead-guitar position.
Dave Mustaine : The band's twelfth studio album, "Endgame", was released on September 15, 2009.
Dave Mustaine : That year (i.e., 1999) ended with Marty Friedman announcing his departure from the band.
Dave Mustaine : In 2012, on KIRO-FM he was asked if he supports gay marriage and replied: "Well, since I'm not gay, the answer to that would be no."
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine's daughter, Electra Mustaine, was born on January 28, 1998, the same month that "Trust" was nominated for a Grammy.
Dave Mustaine : In 1986, after recording "Killing Is My Business...", Mustaine approached Jackson Guitars for a custom-built guitar.
Dave Mustaine : In June 1985, Megadeth released their first album, "Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!
Dave Mustaine : In the summer of 2005, Mustaine launched a travelling North American metal festival.
Dave Mustaine : On April 3, 2002, Mustaine announced in a press release that he was disbanding Megadeth, officially due to his arm injury.
Dave Mustaine : Jackson modified their existing Jackson King V model for Mustaine by adding 2 more frets to the standard 22 fret King V. In the 1990s the company began mass-producing a Dave Mustaine signature series Jackson King V, which continued into the early 2000s.
Dave Mustaine : 1 rated guitar player in the world is a gift from God and I'm stoked about it, but I think Chris is better than I am, anyway," he said.
Dave Mustaine : Amid drug problems and suspicions of stealing the band's equipment and pawning it for drug money, Mustaine fired Poland and Samuelson after their last show in Hawaii.
Dave Mustaine : In an interview with "Kerrang", Mustaine wanted to make better use of the studio by turning the space into a learning center for children who come from under-privileged backgrounds.
Dave Mustaine : He expressed his intent to withdraw from a show in Greece that had Rotting Christ and Dissection opening for Megadeth.
Dave Mustaine : They closed the Woodstock '99 music festival and again opened for Iron Maiden in Europe.
Dave Mustaine : Megadeth re-recorded "These Boots" for the soundtrack to the film "Dudes", and that summer went on tour with Overkill and Necros.
Dave Mustaine : "Hook in Mouth" attacked the Parents Music Resource Center with gusto, although their cover of the Sex Pistols' "Anarchy in the UK", despite a guest appearance from ex-Pistol Steve Jones, was ill-advised in the eyes of "Allmusic's" critic.
Dave Mustaine : In 1993, Mustaine guested on a new album by one of the bands who had influenced his own sound: Diamond Head.
Dave Mustaine : Around this period, Mustaine produced the debut album from Seattle thrash band Sanctuary, called "Refuge Denied."
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine planned to open Megadeth's California recording studio to under-privileged children to teach them about rock 'n' roll.
Dave Mustaine : In February 1987, Megadeth opened for Alice Cooper on his "Constrictor" tour.
Dave Mustaine : The following year, major label Capitol Records signed Megadeth and obtained the rights to their second album, "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?
Dave Mustaine : On New Year's Eve of that year, Megadeth played in San Francisco with Exodus and Metal Church.
Dave Mustaine : Mustaine told "The Daily Times" during a recent interview, his own world was already shattered, and becoming a Christian was the one way he's found to put the pieces back together.
Dave Mustaine : Chuck Behler, who had been Samuelson's drum tech, became Megadeth's new drummer with guitarist Jeff Young replacing Poland.
Dave Mustaine : Also in 1991, Mustaine collaborated with Sean Harris from Diamond Head on the track "Crown of Worms".
Dave Mustaine : While touring after "Cryptic Writings," Mustaine told interviewers that songs like "She-Wolf" and "Vortex" had reinvigorated his love for classic music by bands like Iron Maiden and Motörhead, and that he intended to write an album that was "1/2 Peace Sells, 1/2 Cryptic Writings"; however, after hearing about a comment that Lars Ulrich had made in the press in which he said he wished Mustaine would take more "risks", intentions changed.
Dave Mustaine : Film director Penelope Spheeris would later recount in the Megadeth episode of "Behind the Music" that Mustaine showed up to the video shoot so fried on heroin and other drugs that he could not sing and play guitar at the same time; therefore, the singing and playing had to be recorded separately.
Dave Mustaine : Nick Menza, who was Chuck Behler's drum tech, joined Megadeth in 1989, and the band recorded their only track ever as a three-piece: a cover of Alice Cooper's "No More Mr. Nice Guy" for the Wes Craven-directed horror flick, "Shocker."
Dave Mustaine : Later that year, Megadeth opened for Dio and then Iron Maiden on tour before playing the Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington in the U.K. with Kiss, Iron Maiden, Guns N' Roses, David Lee Roth, and Helloween.
Dave Mustaine : One month before, Mustaine announced a new touring lineup for Megadeth: Glen Drover (King Diamond/Eidolon) and James MacDonough (Iced Earth).
Scott Michael Foster : Scott Michael Foster (born March 4, 1985) is an American actor.
Scott Michael Foster : He plays guitar and is the lead singer of his indie rock band "Siren's Eye".
Scott Michael Foster : He attended Collin College for one semester with a focus on acting, but soon left his studies to pursue a professional career in that field.
Scott Michael Foster : He went to Briarhill Middle School, and later attended Edward S. Marcus High School where he was involved in theater until he graduated in 2003.
Nicolas Jaar : He is known in the club world for his various dance 12" EPs he put out from 2008 to 2011.
Nicolas Jaar : Since his first album, he has embarked on more explorative directions, performing a five-hour improvisational concert at PS1 and releasing a large volume of experimental recordings through his label, Other People, including works by like-minded artists Lydia Lunch, William Basinski, and Lucretia Dalt.
Pierre Alechinsky : In 1994 he was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Free University of Brussels, and in 1995 one of his designs was used on a Belgian stamp.
Pierre Alechinsky : In 1945 he discovered the work of Henri Michaux, Jean Dubuffet and developed a friendship with the art critic Jacques Putman.
Pierre Alechinsky : His international career continued throughout the seventies and by 1983 he became Professor of painting at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, Paris.
Pierre Alechinsky : By 1960 he had exhibited in London, Bern and at the Venice Biennial, and then in Pittsburgh, New York City, Amsterdam and Silkeborg as his international reputation grew.
Pierre Alechinsky : He worked with Walasse Ting and continued to be close to Christian Dotremont.
Pierre Alechinsky : In 1944 he attended the l'École nationale supérieure d'Architecture et des Arts décoratifs de La Cambre, Brussels where he studied illustration techniques, printing and photography.
Pierre Alechinsky : Pierre Alechinsky (born 19 October 1927) is a Belgian artist.
Marco Maciel : Maciel returned to the Senate following his Vice Presidency, until he was defeated in 2010.
Marco Maciel : Before vice presidency he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies (1977–1979), Governor of Pernambuco (1979-1982), Minister of Education (1985–1986) and Chief of President Sarney's cabinet (1986–1987).
Marco Maciel : Marco Antônio de Oliveira Maciel (born 21 July 1940) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer and law school professor who served as the 22nd Vice President of Brazil from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 2002, twice elected on the same ticket as President Fernando Henrique Cardoso in the 1994 and 1998 general elections.
Omar Diallo : He played for the Senegal national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Omar Diallo : Omar Diallo (born September 28, 1972 in Dakar) is a Senegalese football goalkeeper.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : He worked as a war correspondent for RTVE and was a war correspondent for 21 years (1973–1994).
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : The ruling contradicted two previous criminal rulings and one from a merchant judiciary which had supported Pérez-Reverte and Palacios.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : Becoming weary of the internal affairs at TVE, he resigned as a journalist and decided to work full-time as a writer.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : In July 2013 the Audiencia Provincial of Madrid ordered Pérez-Reverte to pay 200,000 euros to González-Vigil for plagiarism.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : Arturo Pérez-Reverte Gutiérrez (born 25 November 1951 in Cartagena) is a Spanish novelist and journalist.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte : In May 2011 the Audiencia Provincial of Madrid ordered Pérez-Reverte and Manuel Palacios, director and coauthor of the film "Gitano", to pay 80,000 euros to the film maker Antonio González-Vigil, who had sued them for alleged plagiarism of the film's script, a decision Pérez-Reverte described as "a clear ambush" and a "clear manoeuvre to extort money."
Jon Olsen : Jon C. Olsen (born April 25, 1969) is an American former competition swimmer, four-time Olympic champion, and former world record-holder.
Roy Bittan : Bittan was born in Belle Harbor, Queens, New York City.
Roy Bittan : Roy J. Bittan (born July 2, 1949) is an American keyboardist and pianist, best known as a long-time member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band.
Pedro Acosta : Acosta made 34 appearances for the senior Venezuela national football team from 1979 to 1989, including participation at the 1979 Copa América, 1983 Copa América, 1987 Copa América and 1989 Copa América.
Cristian Chivu : The fee was €18 million.
Cristian Chivu : Though he became a regular in defence, he made limited appearances due to injuries.
Cristian Chivu : The very same day he announced his retirement from football on his Facebook page.
Cristian Chivu : He represented his country at both UEFA Euro 2000 and Euro 2008.
Cristian Chivu : After moving to FC Universitatea Craiova, his reputation began to rise and his performances sparked interest from some larger clubs outside of Romania.
Cristian Chivu : He won the 2006–07 Coppa Italia in his last season with Roma.
Cristian Chivu : At the time, Roma had an enormous debt and there were questions raised over Roma's ability to pay any proposed fees.
Cristian Chivu : Seeking to silence the increasing doubt over their financial situation, Roma sought a bank guarantee, which was subsequently denied.
Cristian Chivu : Despite being capped only four times prior to the Euro 2000, he started all four matches and scored his first international goal.
Cristian Chivu : After much speculation, however, Roma finally completed the purchase of Chivu in September, ending the long and protracted saga.
Cristian Chivu : On 21 May 2011, Chivu announced his retirement from the national team.
Cristian Chivu : He began his career at his hometown club FCM Reșița before moving to FC Universitatea Craiova in 1998, leaving Romania to join Dutch club Ajax a season later.
Cristian Chivu : At Ajax, Chivu developed a reputation as a reliable fullback and a free-kick specialist.
Cristian Chivu : Chivu left Inter after his contract was terminated by mutual consent on 31 March 2014.
Cristian Chivu : Then-manager Ronald Koeman appointed him as captain of the club.
Cristian Chivu : Dutch club Ajax was particularly impressed with Chivu and signed him in 1999.
Cristian Chivu : In 2003, Roma expressed their interest in signing Chivu.
Cristian Chivu : Cristian Eugen Chivu (; born 26 October 1980) is a Romanian former footballer.
Cristian Chivu : On 22 May 2010, he was in Inter's starting line-up in the UEFA Champions League Final against Bayern Munich, which Inter won 2–0.
Cristian Chivu : He captained Romania through World Cup qualification, but they failed to make the play-offs, finishing fifth in their group.
Cristian Chivu : In 1999, Chivu was chosen to represent the Romania national under-21 team and quickly made the step up to play for the full side.
Cristian Chivu : At Euro 2008, he earned plaudits for his performance, keeping previous FIFA World Cup champions Italy and runners-up France at bay, despite being played in a less familiar role as a holding midfielder.
François Walthéry : The following year, Walthéry started working for Peyo, assisting on "The Smurfs", "Johan et Pirlouit" and "Benoît Brisefer".
François Walthéry : François Walthéry (born 17 January 1946 in Argenteau near Liège) is a Belgian comics artist, best known for his series featuring an adventurous flight attendant, "Natacha".
Hugo Viana : Replacing suspended Daniel Kenedy in the last minute, he was an unused member at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and played for his country at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Viana : In March 2006, reports stated that he had been signed on a permanent deal for £1.5 million.
Hugo Viana : Hugo Miguel Ferreira Gomes Viana (; born 15 January 1983) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Hugo Viana : Viana made his debut with Portugal on 14 November 2001, in a 5–1 friendly win over Angola.
Hugo Viana : There, he won the Young European Footballer of the Year award after an excellent debut season in the Primeira Liga.
Haris Medunjanin : Medunjanin was born in Sarajevo, SFR Yugoslavia, present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Haris Medunjanin : After the outbreak of Bosnian War in 1992, he moved to the Netherlands at the age of seven with his mother and sister, whilst his father was unable to leave, later losing his life.
Haris Medunjanin : Haris Medunjanin (; born 8 March 1985) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for American club FC Cincinnati.
Haris Medunjanin : For the 2006–07 season, he was loaned to Sparta Rotterdam, being essential as the modest club finished 13th by scoring seven league goals.
Haris Medunjanin : After another unassuming campaign in Alkmaar, Medunjanin was acquired by Spain's Real Valladolid in August 2008, being relatively used in his first year (mainly as a substitute).
Haris Medunjanin : On 15 July he made his official debut for his new team, in a UEFA Europa League second qualifying round against Mogren, and scored in a 2–0 home win.
Jacob Pullen : Jacob Everse Pullen (born November 10, 1989) is an American-Georgian professional basketball player for Mornar of the ABA League and the Montenegrin League.
Josh Turner : "Me and God" reached a peak of No.
Josh Turner : Turner was examined by the Vanderbilt voice clinic, where doctors advised him to let it heal on its own.
Josh Turner : He mentioned that he wanted it to sound like music in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Josh Turner : Surgery was not needed, but he did have to rest his voice for a year.
Josh Turner : He is a devout Christian.
Josh Turner : He is the second youngest member after Carrie Underwood.
Josh Turner : "Would You Go with Me" was the second single released from "Your Man".
Josh Turner : 16 on the country charts.
Josh Turner : He married his wife Jennifer Ford in 2003.
Josh Turner : 2 in "Firecracker".
Josh Turner : Turner has one brother and one sister.
Josh Turner : They met at Belmont University, where they both attended school at the time.
Josh Turner : In 1996, Turner developed a lesion on his right vocal cord.
Josh Turner : Turner states that he "learned how to whistle really well during that year."
Josh Turner : Turner said, "Those are the most magical performances of each song."
Josh Turner : He was inducted by Vince Gill on October 27, 2007.
Josh Turner : Turner was born in Hannah, South Carolina.
Josh Turner : He received a standing ovation in the middle of the song, then sang it again for an encore.
Josh Turner : The album was released on February 9, 2010, along with a deluxe version.
Josh Turner : 13 and receiving a gold certification.
Josh Turner : Shea was the soloist for the Billy Graham Crusades.
Josh Turner : While Turner rested his voice back at home, he learned classical vocal technique and how to take care of his voice and avoid developing further problems.
Josh Turner : Shortly after the album's release, a song called "Me and God" was released as a single to Christian radio.
Josh Turner : "Your Man" also climbed the charts slowly, eventually reaching No.
Josh Turner : They have four sons, Hampton, Colby, Crawford (called Marion), and Samuel (called Hawke).
Josh Turner : The third single, "What It Ain't", was less successful, reaching No.
Josh Turner : Jennifer travels with Josh when he's on tour, playing keyboards and singing background vocals.
Josh Turner : "Your Man" was certified Gold by the RIAA four weeks after its release, and went Platinum six months later.
Josh Turner : Also in 2012, Turner released "Live Across America" with twelve of his songs recorded in concert in different cities.
Josh Turner : That same month, a featurette on CMT Insider showed Turner in the studio working on the album.
Josh Turner : Growing up in the church, he founded a gospel quartet called Thankful Hearts, where he sang bass, in addition to singing the bass and baritone parts in choirs.
Josh Turner : His second album, "Your Man" (2006) accounted for his first two number-one hits: "Your Man" and "Would You Go with Me", while 2007's "Everything Is Fine" included a No.
Josh Turner : Turner's album "Josh Turner: Live At The Ryman" was recorded in April and is available exclusively through Cracker Barrel restaurants.
Josh Turner : "All Over Me" was released in April 2010 as the album's second single; it became Turner's fourth Number One.
Josh Turner : 1 country song of 2012 according to "Billboard".
Josh Turner : Turner played George Beverly Shea in the 2008 film "", about the evangelist Billy Graham.
Josh Turner : On September 27, 2010, Turner shot the video for "I Wouldn't Be a Man" in Nashville, which was the third single from "Haywire".
Josh Turner : The album's first single and title track, "Your Man", was written by Jace Everett, Chris DuBois and Chris Stapleton and released in late 2005.
Josh Turner : A duet with bluegrass musician Ralph Stanley, the song also featured members of the band Diamond Rio on background vocals.
Josh Turner : After Hannah-Pamplico High School, he spent some time at Francis Marion University before moving to Nashville, Tennessee, to pursue a career in music and enrolled in Belmont University.
Josh Turner : Turner's third studio album for MCA Nashville, titled "Everything Is Fine", was released on October 30, 2007.
Josh Turner : The song, written by Tom Shapiro, Tony Martin, and Mark Nesler, was released digitally on December 20, 2011 and went for radio adds on January 9.
Josh Turner : The song went on to become Turner's third Number One hit, spending four consecutive weeks at the top in February 2010.
Josh Turner : The second single from "Everything Is Fine", a duet with Trisha Yearwood entitled "Another Try", was released in late January 2008, peaking at No.
Josh Turner : Its lead-off single, "Firecracker", became Turner's third Top Ten hit on the country music charts, peaking at No.
Josh Turner : At the end of June, Turner wrapped up recording his fourth album, "Haywire".
Josh Turner : The album's second single "Find Me a Baby", was released to country radio on October 15, 2012, but it failed to make top 40 on the country charts.
Josh Turner : Prior to its release, Turner had released 7" vinyl singles of "She'll Go on You" and "Long Black Train".
Josh Turner : The lead-off single, "Why Don't We Just Dance", which was released on August 12, 2009, debuted at No.
Josh Turner : Turner's fifth studio album, "Punching Bag", was released via MCA Nashville on June 12, 2012 and preceded by the single "Time Is Love".
Josh Turner : In early 2006, Turner released his second album, "Your Man".
Josh Turner : Turner received nods for Best Male Country Vocal Performance and for Best Country Album.
Josh Turner : It was followed by "Punching Bag" (2012), whose lead-off single "Time Is Love" was the biggest country hit of 2012 according to Billboard Year-End.
Josh Turner : 46 on the country charts), "Long Black Train" spent more than forty weeks on the "Billboard" country charts, reaching a peak of No.
Josh Turner : The lead single from Turner's upcoming sixth studio album, "Lay Low", was released to country radio on September 1, 2014.
Josh Turner : Turner, along with veteran songwriters Brett James and Don Schlitz, wrote a song entitled "Say Yes"; recorded and released by singer Dusty Drake in 2007, the song was a minor Top 40 country hit for Drake, peaking at No.
Josh Turner : On September 29, 2007, while giving an award to Roy Clark on Clark's 20th anniversary on the Grand Ole Opry, Turner was invited to become a member of the Grand Ole Opry.
Josh Turner : In 2003, Turner released his debut album, also entitled "Long Black Train".
Josh Turner : After college, his fledgling career got a boost on Dec. 21, 2001, during his debut on the Grand Ole Opry, when he debuted a song he wrote titled "Long Black Train".
David Mamet : In 2008, he directed and wrote the mixed martial arts movie "Redbelt," about a martial arts instructor tricked into fighting in a professional bout.
David Mamet : David Alan Mamet (; born November 30, 1947) is an American playwright, film director, screenwriter and author.
Tal Ben Haim : Tal Ben Haim (or Tal Ben Haim I, ; born 31 March 1982) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Beitar Jerusalem and Israel national football team.
Yasumasa Kanada : Kanada was a professor in the Department of Information Science at the University of Tokyo in Tokyo, Japan until 2015.
Yasumasa Kanada : Some of his competitors in recent years include Jonathan and Peter Borwein and the Chudnovsky brothers.
Ma Yansong : However, this idealistic urban concept was not put into practice.
Ma Yansong : He founded MAD Architects in 2004.
Ma Yansong : During his master's degree in Yale, he first received attention for his project "Floating Islands".
Ma Yansong : Even the most powerful technology and tools can never endow the city with a soul."
Ma Yansong : It aims at composing a future city that takes human spirit and emotion at their cores.
Ma Yansong : To Ma Yansong, Shanshui does not just refer to nature; it is also the individual's emotional response to the surrounding world.
Ma Yansong : Qian Xuesen pointed out that modern cities' worship of power and capital leads to maximization and utilitarianism.
Ma Yansong : Ma Yansong was born in Beijing in 1975.
Ma Yansong : As the world's largest manufacturing base, a large number of soulless "shelf cities" appeared in contemporary China due to the lack of cultural spirit.
Ma Yansong : The famous Chinese scientist Qian Xuesen proposed the concept of "Shanshui City" in the 1980s.
Ma Yansong : "Shanshui City" is a combination of city density, functionality and the artistic conception of natural landscape.
Ma Yansong : In view of the emerging large-scale cement construction, he put forward a new model of urban development based on Chinese Shanshui spirit, which was meant to allow people to "stay out of nature and return to nature."
Ma Yansong : Ma Yansong (; born in 1975 in Beijing) is a Chinese architect and founder of MAD architects.
Ma Yansong : He graduated from the Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture, and holds a master's degree in Architecture from Yale University.
Ma Yansong : He serves as adjunct professor at School of Architecture, Tsinghua University, and the visiting professor at Beijing University of Civil Engineering and Architecture.
John Ralston Saul : Lecture.
John Ralston Saul : It is organized into four subsections.
John Ralston Saul : Saul delivered the J.D.
John Ralston Saul : He put a specific emphasis on endangered indigenous languages.
John Ralston Saul : He called for a further decentralization of PEN, which has 144 centres in 102 countries.
John Ralston Saul : He emphasizes the willingness of these Canadian nations to compromise with one another, as opposed to resorting to open confrontations.
John Ralston Saul : In addition to his selection as the 1995 Massey lecturer, Saul has delivered other notable lectures.
John Ralston Saul : He argues that literature and freedom of expression are the same thing; that you cannot have one without the other.
John Ralston Saul : "De si bons Américains" (1994) is a picaresque novel in which he observes the lives of America's "nouveaux riches".
John Ralston Saul : Young Memorial Lecture "A New Era of Irregular Warfare?"
John Ralston Saul : "A Fair Country" (2008) is Saul's second major work on Canada.
John Ralston Saul : He gave the Harold Innis Lecture in 1994.
John Ralston Saul : Far from being an inevitable force, Saul argued that globalization is already breaking down in the face of widespread public opposition and that the world was seeing a rise in nationalism.
John Ralston Saul : In 2000 he gave the inaugural LaFontaine-Baldwin Symposium
John Ralston Saul : He campaigned on the need to pay attention to smaller and endangered languages and cultures, arguing that the ultimate removal of freedom of expression was the loss of a language.
John Ralston Saul : Between 1983 and 1988 Saul then published "The Field Trilogy", which deals with the crisis of modern power and its clash with the individual.
John Ralston Saul : He argues that the rise of individualism with no regard for the role of society has not created greater individual autonomy and self-determination, as was once hoped, but isolation and alienation.
John Ralston Saul : In this book, he proposed the idea of Canada being a "soft" country, meaning not that the nation is weak, but that it has a flexible and complex identity, as opposed to the unyielding or monolithic identities of other states.
John Ralston Saul : Following the economic collapse he had predicted, "The Collapse of Globalism" was re-issued in 2009 with a new epilogue that addressed the current crisis.
John Ralston Saul : He is also chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of France (1996).
John Ralston Saul : He is patron and former president of the Canadian Centre of PEN International and of the Canadian Academy of Independent Scholars.
John Ralston Saul : at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario on February 4, 2004.
John Ralston Saul : Saul has testified before the European Parliament Human Rights Commission on the loss of freedom of expression in Tunisia, has spoken before European Council on Refugees in Exile, and has published an essay on writers in exile, which has been translated into several languages.
John Ralston Saul : It includes "Baraka, or The Lives, Fortunes and Sacred Honor of Anthony Smith" (1983), "The Next Best Thing" (1986), and "The Paradise Eater" (1988), which won the "Premio Letterario Internazionale" in Italy.
John Ralston Saul : These books deal with themes such as the dictatorship of reason unbalanced by other human qualities, how it can be used for any ends especially in a directionless state that rewards the pursuit of power for power's sake.
John Ralston Saul : From 1999 until 2006, his wife Adrienne Clarkson was Governor General of Canada, making him Canada's viceregal consort.
John Ralston Saul : Saul is co-chair of the Institute for Canadian Citizenship, which encourages new Canadians to become active citizens.
John Ralston Saul : Saul was elected as the international president of PEN International for a three-year term at its Annual Congress in Linz, Austria in October 2009.
John Ralston Saul : After helping to set up the national oil company Petro-Canada in 1976, as assistant to its first chair, Maurice F. Strong, Saul published his first novel, "The Birds of Prey", in 1977.
John Ralston Saul : He expanded on these themes as they relate to Canada and its history and culture in "Reflections of a Siamese Twin" (1998).
John Ralston Saul : In the same vein, he criticizes both those in the Quebec separatist Montreal School for emphasizing the conflicts in Canadian history and the Orange Order and the Clear Grits traditionally seeking clear definitions of Canadian-ness and loyalty.
John Ralston Saul : He also delivered the 2009 McGill Law Journal's Annual Lecture at the McGill Faculty of Law in Montreal on February 3, 2009.
John Ralston Saul : His 21 honorary degrees range from McGill University and the University of Ottawa to Herzen University in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
John Ralston Saul : He argues that this leads to deformations of thought such as ideology promoted as truth; the rational but anti-democratic structures of corporatism, by which he means the worship of small groups; and the use of language and expertise to mask a practical understanding of the harm caused by this, and what else our society might do.
John Ralston Saul : He gave the 2005 IDEAS lecture in Brisbane, Australia, the 2007 Captive Mind Lecture in Kraków, Poland, and in 2008 gave the 33rd Sir Winston Scott Memorial Lecture in Barbados.
John Ralston Saul : He calls for a pursuit of a more humanist ideal in which reason is balanced with other human mental capacities such as common sense, ethics, intuition, creativity, and memory, for the sake of the common good, and he discusses the importance of unfettered language and practical democracy.
John Ralston Saul : John Ralston Saul (born June 19, 1947) is a Canadian writer, political philosopher, and public intellectual.
John Ralston Saul : He argues that Canada's complex national identity is made up of the "triangular reality" of the three nations that compose it: First Peoples, francophones, and anglophones.
John Ralston Saul : He is also founder and honorary chair of French for the Future, which encourages bilingual French-English education, chair of the advisory board for the LaFontaine-Baldwin Symposium lecture series, and a patron of Planned Lifetime Advocacy Network.
John Ralston Saul : Saul is most widely known for his writings on the nature of individualism, citizenship and the public good; the failures of manager-led societies; the confusion between leadership and managerialism; military strategy, in particular irregular warfare; the role of freedom of speech and culture; and critiques of the prevailing economic paradigm.
John Ralston Saul : It was during those extended periods in Northwest Africa and Southeast Asia where he witnessed fellow writers there suffering government suppression of freedom of expression, which caused him to become interested in the work of PEN International.
John Ralston Saul : In an article written for "Harper's" magazine's March 2004 issue, titled "The Collapse of Globalism and the Rebirth of Nationalism", he argued that the globalist ideology was under attack by counter-movements.
John Ralston Saul : Saul's non-fiction began with the trilogy comprising the bestseller "Voltaire's Bastards: The Dictatorship of Reason in the West" (1992), the polemic philosophical dictionary "The Doubter's Companion: A Dictionary of Aggressive Common Sense" (1994), and the book that grew out of his 1995 Massey Lectures, "The Unconscious Civilization" (1995).
John Ralston Saul : He left the foreign service to attend King's College London, where he wrote his thesis on the modernization of France under Charles de Gaulle, and earned his PhD in 1972.
Lucas Digne : Paris Saint-Germain
Lucas Digne : Ahead of the 2011–12 season, Digne was promoted to the senior team permanently and assigned the number 3 shirt.
Lucas Digne : In June, manager Didier Deschamps named Digne as one of 23 members of the French squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil, wearing the number 17 shirt.
Lucas Digne : On 17 July 2013, Digne signed a five-year deal with Paris Saint-Germain, on a fee believed to be around €15 million.
Lucas Digne : In January 2012, Digne extended his contract until 2016.
Lucas Digne : Lucas Digne (; born 20 July 1993) is a French professional footballer who plays as a left-back for club Everton and the France national team.
Lucas Digne : He made his professional debut on 26 October 2011 in a 6–1 victory over Sedan in the last 16 of the Coupe de la Ligue.
Leonardo Biagini : Born in Arroyo Seco, Santa Fe, Biagini started his career at Newell's Old Boys in the Primera División, in 1993.
Leonardo Biagini : Leonardo Ángel Biagini (born 13 April 1977) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker.
Ed Sheeran : She is the inspiration of Sheeran's song "Thinking Out Loud".
Ed Sheeran : He was accepted at the National Youth Theatre in London as a teenager.
Ed Sheeran : He has been friends with fellow English singer, Passenger, since he was 15, with the two playing the same gig in Cambridge.
Ed Sheeran : He moved to London in 2008 and began playing in small venues.
Ed Sheeran : Sheeran sang in a local church choir from the age of four, learned to play the guitar during his time at Rishworth School, and began writing songs while at Thomas Mills High School in Framlingham.
Ed Sheeran : On 21 May he received the Ivor Novello Award for Songwriter of the Year.
Ed Sheeran : Over 1,000 fans turned up, so Sheeran played four different shows to ensure everyone saw a gig, including a gig outside on the street after the venue had closed.
Ed Sheeran : His parents ran Sheeran Lock, an independent art consultancy, from 1990 to 2010.
Ed Sheeran : 5 Collaborations Project", featuring grime artists such as Wiley, Jme, Devlin, Sway and Ghetts.
Ed Sheeran : He is also close friends with singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, and collaborated on her albums "Red" and "Reputation".
Ed Sheeran : He released another EP in 2009, "You Need Me", just before going on tour with Just Jack.
Ed Sheeran : Later that month, Sheeran was signed to Asylum Records.
Ed Sheeran : He has an older brother named Matthew, who works as a composer.
Ed Sheeran : Three months later, Sheeran put on a free show to fans at the Barfly in Camden Town.
Ed Sheeran : "The A Team" entered the UK Singles Chart at number three, selling over 58,000 copies in the first week.
Ed Sheeran : He is a patron of Youth Music Theatre UK (now renamed British Youth Music Theatre) and of Access to Music, where he studied Artist Development.
Ed Sheeran : John is an art curator and lecturer, and Imogen is a culture publicist turned jewellery designer.
Ed Sheeran : He has also cited The Beatles, Nizlopi and Eminem as his biggest musical influences.
Ed Sheeran : The concert was documented and aired on 16 August 2015 on NBC; the one-hour special "Ed Sheeran – Live at Wembley Stadium" also included behind-the-scenes footage.
Ed Sheeran : Edward Christopher Sheeran, (; born 17 February 1991) is an English singer, songwriter, record producer, and actor.
Ed Sheeran : It was the best-selling debut single and the overall eighth-best selling single of 2011, selling 801,000 copies.
Ed Sheeran : In 2014, combined streams on Sheeran's catalogue in Spotify reached 860 million; Spotify named him the most-streamed artist and "x" the most-streamed album.
Ed Sheeran : Edward Christopher Sheeran was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, on 17 February 1991.
Ed Sheeran : It became his second single to reach number one in the UK, and it also spent eight weeks at number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 (with only "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars keeping it from top spot).
Ed Sheeran : Sheeran also contributed two songs to One Direction's second studio album, "Take Me Home", released in November 2012; the single "Little Things" became the group's second number-one in the UK.
Ed Sheeran : On 10 January 2012, it was announced that Sheeran would support Snow Patrol on their US tour from late March until May.
Ed Sheeran : According to Sheeran, the album that introduced him to music was Van Morrison's "Irish Heartbeat".
Ed Sheeran : On 27 June, Sheeran performed as the opening act for The Rolling Stones in their Zip Code Tour date in Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium.
Ed Sheeran : In 2012, Sheeran won the Brit Awards for Best British Male Solo Artist and British Breakthrough Act.
Ed Sheeran : 16 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
Ed Sheeran : Elton John, who runs Sheeran's management company, canvassed the award organisers to get Sheeran a performance slot at the ceremony but was told that Sheeran alone was not high-profile enough.
Ed Sheeran : On 25 February, Sheeran won British Male Solo Artist and British Album of the Year for "x" at the 2015 Brit Awards.
Ed Sheeran : The lead single also became a top ten hit in Australia, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Norway and the Netherlands.
Juan Curuchet : Curuchet represented Argentina at the Summer Olympics in 1984, 1988, 1996, 2000, 2004, and 2008.
Juan Curuchet : Juan Esteban Curuchet (born 4 February 1965 in Mar del Plata) is a road bicycle racer and track cyclist from Argentina.
Mohamed Aboutrika : It isn't Aboutrika who got the Cup, but the whole team.
Mohamed Aboutrika : Aboutrika was crowned the 2008 BBC African Footballer of the Year.
Mohamed Aboutrika : After the Port Said Stadium disaster, on 1 February 2012, Aboutrika decided to retire from professional football, along with Emad Motaeb and Mohamed Barakat, then he decided to get back to football.
Mohamed Aboutrika : Al-Ahly came fourth in the tournament.
Mohamed Aboutrika : Mohamed Aboutrika (; born 7 November 1978) is an Egyptian retired professional footballer who played as a attacking midfielder and an forward.
Peter Shilton : Shilton subsequently won the PFA Players' Player of the Year award, voted for by his fellow professionals.
Peter Shilton : Peter Leslie Shilton (born 18 September 1949) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Peter Shilton : Shilton was made an Inaugural Inductee of the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002.
Peter Shilton : Shilton did not make his World Cup finals debut until the age of 32, but he played in 17 finals matches and shares the record of 10 clean sheets in World Cup finals matches with French goalkeeper Fabien Barthez.
Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa : On 24 January 2016, Rebelo de Sousa was elected as President of Portugal in the first round of voting.
Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa : In 1989 he ran for Mayor of the Municipal Chamber of Lisbon (Mayor of Lisbon) but lost to Jorge Sampaio, though he did win a seat as City Councilor ("Vereador").
Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa : Marcelo Nuno Duarte Rebelo de Sousa (), (born 12 December 1948) is a Portuguese politician, academic and journalist serving as the 20th and current President of Portugal, since 9 March 2016.
Cam Newton : As a 16-year-old junior, he passed for 2,500 yards and 23 touchdowns and ran for 638 yards and nine touchdowns, gaining the attention of major college programs.
Cam Newton : Their fourth child was born in October 2019.
Cam Newton : On July 29, 2011, Newton signed a four-year contract, worth over $22 million, with the Carolina Panthers that was fully guaranteed.
Cam Newton : In February 2017, Newton and Proctor's daughter was born.
Cam Newton : Proctor gave birth to the couple's third child, a boy, in July 2018.
Cam Newton : On December 30, 2015, Newton confirmed on Twitter that his girlfriend, Kia Proctor, gave birth to a son on December 24, 2015, in Atlanta.
Cam Newton : On April 28, 2011, Newton was selected with the first overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft by the Carolina Panthers.
Cam Newton : He received scholarship offers from Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Ole Miss, Mississippi State, Oklahoma, and Virginia Tech.
Cam Newton : Newton attended Westlake High School in Atlanta, Georgia, where he played for the Westlake Lions high school football team.
Jean Bobet : Jean Bobet (born 22 February 1930 in Saint-Méen-le-Grand) is a French former road bicycle racer.
Ted Chiang : Both of his parents were born in China and immigrated to Taiwan with their families during the Chinese Communist Revolution before immigrating to the United States.
Ted Chiang : His Chinese name is Chiang Feng-nan ().
Ted Chiang : Chiang turned down a Hugo nomination for his short story "Liking What You See: A Documentary" in 2003, on the grounds that the story was rushed due to editorial pressure and did not turn out as he had really wanted.
Ted Chiang : Chiang was born in Port Jefferson, New York.
Ted Chiang : He graduated from Brown University with a computer science degree.
Ted Chiang : Ted Chiang (born 1967) is an American science fiction writer.
Ted Chiang : , he was working as a technical writer in the software industry and resided in Bellevue, Washington, near Seattle.
Ted Chiang : His work has won four Nebula awards, four Hugo awards, the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, and four Locus awards.
Ted Chiang : His short story, "Story of Your Life", was the basis of the film "Arrival" (2016).
Ted Chiang : His novelette "The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate" (2007) was also published in "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction".
Ted Chiang : Chiang has published fifteen short stories, novelettes, and novellas and has won numerous science fiction awards for his works: a Nebula Award for "Tower of Babylon" (1990); the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in 1992; a Nebula Award and the Theodore Sturgeon Award for "Story of Your Life" (1998); a Sidewise Award for "Seventy-Two Letters" (2000); a Nebula Award, Locus Award, and Hugo Award for his novelette "Hell Is the Absence of God" (2002); a Nebula and Hugo Award for his novelette "The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate" (2007); a British Science Fiction Association Award, a Locus Award, and the Hugo Award for Best Short Story for "Exhalation" (2009); and a Hugo Award and Locus Award for his novella "The Lifecycle of Software Objects" (2010).
Manolo García : Today, García continues to have a successful solo career.
Manolo García : His first LPs were recorded with the rock bands Los Rápidos, Los Burros and El Último de la Fila.
Manolo García : Manuel García García-Pérez (*Poblenou, Barcelona, is a Spanish singer and painter.
Manolo García : His singing style is a mixture of pop rock, flamenco and Arabic music.
Geoffroy Lequatre : Geoffroy Lequatre (born 30 June 1981 in Pithiviers) is a French former road bicycle racer, who competed professionally between 2004 and 2013 for the , , , and teams.
Jonathan Mensah : In January 2010, after joining Udinese, Jonathan moved on loan to Spanish club Granada.
Jonathan Mensah : Jonathan Mensah (born 13 July 1990), commonly known simply as Jonathan, is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for MLS club Columbus Crew SC as a defender.
Takuya Kimura : The phenomenon was collectively called the "Kimutaku syndrome".
Takuya Kimura : Five of his works are ranked in the 10 best-viewed TV drama series in Japan, the highest of which is his 2001 drama series, "Hero".
Takuya Kimura : He also starred in blockbuster films, including "Love and Honor" (2006), "Hero" (2007) and "Howl's Moving Castle" (as a voice actor, 2004) .
Takuya Kimura : He was also a popular member of SMAP, one of the best-selling boy bands in Asia.
Takuya Kimura : , also known as "Kimutaku" ("キムタク"), is a Japanese actor, singer, and radio personality.
Takuya Kimura : He won the Ishihara Yujiro New Artist Award for his performance in "Shoot", in which he made his screen debut.
Takuya Kimura : A 1996 television drama series, "Long Vacation", in which he landed his first lead role, became a massive success, creating a phrase called the ""Lon-bake phenomenon"".
Takuya Kimura : After appearing in several television series, he first attracted attention after landing a role in a high-rated television series, "Asunaro Hakusho", in 1993.
Takuya Kimura : He is regarded as a Japanese icon after achieving success as an actor.
Takuya Kimura : In 1988, Kimura made his acting debut in a television series, "Abunai Shonen III", along with his band members.
Takuya Kimura : From 1994, men in Japan started copying his fashion and style, as clothes and fashion items became instant hits, the thick, black-rimmed glasses he wore in "Asunaro Hakusho", being one of them.
Takuya Kimura : In 1987, at age 15, Kimura auditioned to enter Johnny & Associates, a talent agency that recruits and trains young boys, preteens to teens, to become singers and members of boy bands.
Peter Kušnirák : He is based out of numerous observatories in the Czech Republic, including the Ondřejov Observatory, and works solo or with partners.
Peter Kušnirák : Peter Kušnirák (born 1974) is a Slovak astronomer, discoverer of minor planets, and a prolific photometrist of light-curves at Ondřejov Observatory in the Czech Republic.
Máximo González : Máximo González Mereira (; born July 20, 1983 in Tandil) is a professional tennis player from Argentina.
Armie Hammer : He has a younger brother, Viktor.
Armie Hammer : When he was seven, his family moved to the Cayman Islands, where they lived for five years, and then settled back in Los Angeles.
Armie Hammer : His paternal grandmother was from Texas, while his mother's family is from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Armie Hammer : Hammer has described his background as "half Jewish."
Armie Hammer : Hammer was born in Santa Monica, California.
Armie Hammer : Hammer lived in the Dallas neighborhood of Highland Park for several years.
Armie Hammer : On May 22, 2010, Hammer married television personality Elizabeth Chambers, and their wedding was featured in the January 2011 issue of "Town & Country."
Armie Hammer : The pair were introduced by Hammer's friend, artist Tyler Ramsey.
Armie Hammer : He dropped out of high school in eleventh grade to pursue an acting career.
Armie Hammer : He attended Faulkner's Academy in Governor's Harbour, Cayman Islands, and Grace Christian Academy, also in Grand Cayman (a school founded by his father in West Bay, Grand Cayman), and later went to Los Angeles Baptist High School in the San Fernando Valley.
Armie Hammer : His paternal great-grandfather was oil tycoon and philanthropist Armand Hammer, whose parents were Jewish immigrants to the U.S. from the (then) Russian Empire, and were of Ukrainian Jewish descent; Armand's father, Julius Hammer, was from Odessa (now in Ukraine, but then in the Russian Empire), and founded the Communist Party in New York.
Armie Hammer : His mother, Dru Ann (née Mobley), is a former bank loan officer, and his father, Michael Armand Hammer, owns several businesses, including Knoedler Publishing and Armand Hammer Productions (a film/television production company).
Armie Hammer : Hammer went on to portray Clyde Tolson in the biopic "J. Edgar" (2011), play the title character in the western "The Lone Ranger" (2013), and star as Illya Kuryakin in the action film "The Man from U.N.C.L.E."
Mladen Krstajić : Immediately after retiring, he was appointed as the new director of football of the club.
Mladen Krstajić : Mladen Krstajić (, ; born 4 March 1974) is a Serbian football manager and former footballer who played as a centre back.
Mladen Krstajić : He was capped 59 times for Serbia, and was undoubtedly the leading figure of the four due to his experience and age.
Craig Parker : Craig Parker (born 12 November 1970) is a New Zealand actor, known for his roles as Haldir in the films "" (2001) and "" (2002), Darken Rahl in the television series "Legend of the Seeker", Stéphane Narcisse in the CW television series "Reign", and Gaius Claudius Glaber in the television series "Spartacus".
Craig Parker : He also appears as Gaius Claudius Glaber in the Starz original series "", and which premiered on 22 January 2010 and is also produced by Raimi and Tapert.
Eddie Lawson : Points system from 1969 to 1987:
Eddie Lawson : Points system from 1988 to 1992:
Eddie Lawson : Born in Upland, California, Lawson began his motorcycle racing career in the Southern California dirt track circuit.
Eddie Lawson : In the 1996 IndyCar season, he competed in 11 races with his best results being two sixth-place finishes at U.S. 500 and the Detroit Indy Grand Prix.
Eddie Lawson : He also won the AMA 250cc road racing National Championship in 1980 and 1981 for Kawasaki.
Eddie Lawson : Afterwards, he was offered a ride with the Kawasaki Superbike team and won the AMA Superbike Series in 1981 and 1982.
Eddie Lawson : In 1979, Lawson finished the season second behind Freddie Spencer in the AMA 250cc road racing National Championship.
Ben Hermans : Benjamin Hermans (born 8 June 1986) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Predrag Stanković : In February 2009 he, alongside Rayo Vallecano footballer Carlos de la Vega, was arrested in connection with an anti-drug operation in Madrid.
Predrag Stanković : At age 28, in January 1997, he moved abroad, signing with Spanish side Hércules CF.
Predrag Stanković : He then signed with CP Mérida but the club folded soon after, immerse in a deep financial crisis, and the player retired at 32.
Predrag Stanković : Predrag Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Cтaнкoвић; born 17 September 1968 in Leskovac, Jablanica District) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Paul McCartney : But then I thought, hang on a minute.
Paul McCartney : We're just human.
Paul McCartney : So I'm really excited about it.
Paul McCartney : It was silly.
Paul McCartney : That was the beautiful thing about our marriage.
Paul McCartney : I'll always love him, he's my baby brother."
Paul McCartney : This was their last time together.
Paul McCartney : He'd never give you the opportunity to come out with something."
Paul McCartney : It was monophonic."
Paul McCartney : I am just going to support them both because it's all Liverpool.'"
Paul McCartney : In later years, the two grew apart.
Paul McCartney : But we did."
Paul McCartney : A shield.
Paul McCartney : It seemed a very flippant comment to make."
Paul McCartney : He added, "We were crazy.
Paul McCartney : We were just a boyfriend and girlfriend having babies."
Paul McCartney : We didn't have to justify ourselves."
Paul McCartney : And Linda's very big on just following the moment."
Paul McCartney : After ten days, they released and deported him without charge.
Paul McCartney : He was my Beatle hero.
Paul McCartney : The press quickly criticised him for what appeared to be a superficial response.
Paul McCartney : I would have made more of an effort to try and get behind his 'mask' and have a better relationship with him."
Paul McCartney : She commented, "It was John who interested me at the start.
Paul McCartney : The couple had been together since November 2007.
Paul McCartney : However, the film's soundtrack was more successful.
Paul McCartney : He became their manager in January 1962.
Paul McCartney : During the filming of "Help!
Paul McCartney : Soon after, the couple became outspoken animal rights activists.
Paul McCartney : This rose to £48.5 million by 2005.
Paul McCartney : It is cruel and unnecessary and will lose them support from ordinary people and animal lovers like myself."
Paul McCartney : Reviews were negative.
Paul McCartney : I was with somebody else [that night] ... and I saw Paul at the other side of the room.
Paul McCartney : He looked so beautiful that I made up my mind I would have to pick him up."
Paul McCartney : By late 1968, relations within the band were deteriorating.
Paul McCartney : We really hated that fucking four little mop-top approach.
Paul McCartney : He was great, particularly in helping me get rid of my guilt [about wishing I'd been] perfect all the time ... a real bugger.
Paul McCartney : He changed back to the Höfner around 1990 for that reason.
Paul McCartney : Another favourite bassist of his is Stanley Clarke.
Paul McCartney : He does not use slapping techniques.
Paul McCartney : They separated in April 2006 and divorced acrimoniously in March 2008.
Paul McCartney : "The Observer" labelled it an "anti-capitalist children's book".
Paul McCartney : As with his first album, he composed and performed it alone.
Paul McCartney : But what they didn't know is that sometimes she was playing a thing called a Minimoog, which could only be played with one finger.
Paul McCartney : We were not boys we were men ... and [we] thought of ourselves as artists rather than just performers."
Paul McCartney : He referred to the finished product as "electronic symphonies".
Paul McCartney : He said that he went home that night, watched the news on television with his children and cried most of the evening.
Paul McCartney : However, it was a choice between going on or finishing, and I loved music too much to think of stopping."
Paul McCartney : He uses Mesa Boogie bass amplifiers while performing live.
Paul McCartney : But fortunately for me, the last phone conversation I ever had with him was really great, and we didn't have any kind of blow-up."
Paul McCartney : The wedding was a modest event attended by a group of about 30 relatives and friends.
Paul McCartney : They faced derision from some fans and critics, who questioned her inclusion.
Paul McCartney : Included on the "Help!"
Paul McCartney : He pressed them to start a new project, which became "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : But when I met him the fascination faded fast, and I found it was Paul I liked."
Paul McCartney : He went on to say: "We grew up together and we just had so many beautiful times together – that's what I am going to remember.
Paul McCartney : As a result of his drug convictions, the US government repeatedly denied him a visa until December 1973.
Paul McCartney : The group disbanded in April 1981 after Laine quit following disagreements over royalties and salaries.
Paul McCartney : While they seriously considered going to the "SNL" studio a few blocks away, they decided it was too late.
Paul McCartney : He filed a suit for the band's formal dissolution on 31 December 1970, and in March 1971 the court appointed a receiver to oversee Apple's finances.
Paul McCartney : The tension grew during the recording of their eponymous double album, also known as the "White Album".
Paul McCartney : They arrested McCartney and brought him to a local jail while the Japanese government decided what to do.
Paul McCartney : He described his first exchange with Ono after the murder, and his last conversation with Lennon:
Paul McCartney : In 1983, McCartney said: "I would not have been as typically human and standoffish as I was if I knew John was going to die.
Paul McCartney : She is a former member of the board of the New York area's Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paul McCartney : They decided to stop consuming meat after Paul saw lambs in a field as they were eating a meal of lamb.
Paul McCartney : He was also influenced by Brian Wilson, as he commented: "because he went to very unusual places".
Paul McCartney : In 2009, after a four-year break, he returned to touring and has since performed over 80 shows.
Paul McCartney : In 1997, he said that Lennon's death made the remaining ex-Beatles nervous that they might also be murdered.
Paul McCartney : The tour would have included a stop at the famed Budokan Hall.
Paul McCartney : He had been planning such an album for years, having been previously encouraged to do so by Linda, who had died of cancer in April 1998.
Paul McCartney : So we decided to go out on that university tour which made me less nervous ... by the end of that tour I felt ready for something else, so we went into Europe."
Paul McCartney : One of the best-selling releases of the decade, it remained on the UK charts for 124 weeks.
Paul McCartney : It also earned Martin a Grammy for his orchestral arrangement.
Paul McCartney : He earned £40 million in 2003, the highest income that year within media professions in the UK.
Paul McCartney : Matters worsened the following year during the "Let It Be" sessions, when a camera crew filmed McCartney lecturing the group: "We've been very negative since Mr. Epstein passed away ... we were always fighting [his] discipline a bit, but it's silly to fight that discipline if it's our own".
Paul McCartney : When asked why the Beatles did not include Presley on the "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : The album was the first of seven platinum Wings LPs.
Paul McCartney : McCartney also supports the Make Poverty History campaign.
Paul McCartney : He played an Epiphone Texan on many of his acoustic recordings, but also used a Martin D-28.
Paul McCartney : McCartney identified "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : Two of the Beatles' earliest songs—"Love Me Do" and "P.S.
Paul McCartney : ", McCartney occasionally smoked a joint in the car on the way to the studio during filming, and often forgot his lines.
Paul McCartney : He has primarily used a Gibson Les Paul for electric work, particularly during live performances.
Paul McCartney : However, his lack of discipline negatively affected his academic grades, preventing him from earning admission to art college.
Paul McCartney : He played to over 100,000 people during two performances in Mexico City in May, with the shows grossing nearly $6 million.
Paul McCartney : Northern Songs was formally dissolved in 1995, and absorbed into the Sony/ATV catalogue.
Paul McCartney : As McCartney explained, "We were fed up with being the Beatles.
Paul McCartney : The band gave their final commercial concert at the end of their 1966 US tour.
Paul McCartney : He composed and recorded the track in four days, with Phil Ramone co-producing.
Paul McCartney : McCartney wanted the tour to avoid large venues; most of the small halls they played had capacities of fewer than 3,000 people.
Paul McCartney : In the foreword of the book, he explains: "When I was a teenager ...
Paul McCartney : He told "Mojo" magazine in 2002 that Lennon was his greatest hero.
Paul McCartney : Starting in November 1966, the band adopted an experimental attitude during recording sessions for the album.
Paul McCartney : McCartney also had to push his June US dates to October, as part of his doctor's order to take it easy to make a full recovery.
Paul McCartney : After Linda died, Paul stated in the "Daily Mail", "I got a counsellor because I knew that I would need some help.
Paul McCartney : This includes McCartney, Archbishop Desmond Tutu and 11 Nobel Peace Prize winners.
Paul McCartney : VH1 fictionalised this event in the 2000 television film "Two of Us".
Paul McCartney : This resulted in attention from Brian Epstein, who was a key figure in their subsequent development and success.
Paul McCartney : He remains there 's "Kisses on the Bottom".
Paul McCartney : The rock album "Memory Almost Full" followed in 2007.
Paul McCartney : Save the Arctic is a campaign to protect the Arctic and an international outcry and a renewed focus concern on oil development in the Arctic, attracting the support of more than five million people.
Paul McCartney : Also in 2008, he performed at a concert in Liverpool to celebrate the city's year as European Capital of Culture.
Paul McCartney : The children were baptised in their mother's Catholic faith, even though their father was a former Protestant who had turned agnostic.
Paul McCartney : McCartney said of the instrument: "if I had to pick one electric guitar it would be this."
Paul McCartney : The accompanying single, "Tropic Island Hum"/"We All Stand Together", reached number 21 in the UK.
Paul McCartney : Scholar David Scott Kastan described "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : However, he resumed the tour with a high-energy three hour appearance in Albany, New York, on 5 July 2014.
Paul McCartney : She was nervous about performing with Paul, who explained, "she conquered those nerves, got on with it and was really gutsy."
Paul McCartney : In 1966, the Beatles released the album "Revolver".
Paul McCartney : Though certified platinum, critics panned the album.
Paul McCartney : It was the same venue that the Beatles played their final concert in 1966.
Paul McCartney : Epstein's death at age 32 in August 1967 created a void, which left the Beatles perplexed and concerned about their future.
Paul McCartney : The arms' motto is "Ecce Cor Meum", Latin for "Behold My Heart".
Paul McCartney : McCartney's vocals has crossed several musical genres throughout his career.
Paul McCartney : Linda Eastman was a music fan who once commented, "all my teen years were spent with an ear to the radio."
Paul McCartney : According to Beatles' historian Mark Lewisohn, the project was "an administrative nightmare throughout".
Paul McCartney : McCartney's enduring fame has made him a popular choice to open new venues.
Paul McCartney : Also in 2011, McCartney married Nancy Shevell.
Paul McCartney : She rode a bicycle to her patients; McCartney described an early memory of her leaving at "about three in the morning [the] streets ... thick with snow".
Paul McCartney : Though critics admired the film for its visual style, humour and music, the soundtrack album issued six months later received a less enthusiastic response.
Paul McCartney : On 31 October 1956, when McCartney was 14, his mother died of an embolism as a complication of surgery for breast cancer.
Paul McCartney : The tour earned a reported $126.2 million, an average of over $2 million per night, and "Billboard" named it the top tour of the year.
Paul McCartney : In September 1977, the McCartneys had a third child, a son they named James.
Paul McCartney : Shevell is vice-president of a family-owned transportation conglomerate which owns New England Motor Freight.
Paul McCartney : He went on to say, "We thought we were in it for the fun ... it was just something we wanted to do, so if we got it wrong—big deal.
Paul McCartney : He often chose clothes and make-up for her, encouraging her to grow her hair out like Brigitte Bardot's, and at least once insisting she have it re-styled, to disappointing effect.
Paul McCartney : McCartney was in the midst of business disagreements with his bandmates when he announced his departure from the group on 10 April 1970.
Paul McCartney : McCartney said he wrote "I'm Down" as a vehicle for his Little Richard impersonation.
Paul McCartney : According to Spitz, Rhone felt that McCartney had a compulsion to control situations.
Paul McCartney : The English College of Arms honoured McCartney in 2002 by granting him a coat of arms.
Paul McCartney : During the 1990s, McCartney collaborated twice with Youth of Killing Joke as the musical duo "the Fireman".
Paul McCartney : He and his wife Linda were vegetarians for most of their 29-year marriage.
Paul McCartney : The two quickly became friends; McCartney later admitted: "I tended to talk down to him because he was a year younger."
Paul McCartney : It was disparaged by critics: "Variety" described the film as "characterless, bloodless, and pointless"; while Roger Ebert awarded it a single star, writing, "you can safely skip the movie and proceed directly to the soundtrack".
Paul McCartney : In 1953, he was one of only three students out of 90 to pass the 11-Plus exam, meaning he could attend the Liverpool Institute, a grammar school rather than a secondary modern school.
Paul McCartney : McCartney receives writers' royalties which together are 33⅓ percent of total commercial proceeds in the US, and which vary elsewhere between 50 and 55 percent.
Paul McCartney : As McCartney explained, "He wrote back very kindly, saying, 'my doctors tell me that I must eat meat'.
Paul McCartney : Arrested again for marijuana possession in 1975 in Los Angeles, Linda took the blame, and the court soon dismissed the charges.
Paul McCartney : Pepper" as "the most important and influential rock-and-roll album ever recorded".
Paul McCartney : In 2004, they worked together on the animated short film "Tropic Island Hum".
Paul McCartney : They had lived there for more than two years before the couple moved to McCartney's own home in St. John's Wood in March 1966.
Paul McCartney : He kept an upright piano in the front room, encouraged his sons to be musical and advised McCartney to take piano lessons.
Paul McCartney : When McCartney was a child, his mother read him poems and encouraged him to read books.
Paul McCartney : Apart from some vocal contributions from Linda, "McCartney" is a one-man album, with McCartney providing compositions, instrumentation and vocals.
Paul McCartney : The Beatles produced a short promotional film for the song, and another for its B-side, "Rain".
Paul McCartney : Miles later wrote McCartney's official biography, "Many Years from Now" (1997).
Paul McCartney : McCartney's "She's Leaving Home" was an orchestral pop song.
Paul McCartney : In 2008, he donated a song to Aid Still Required's CD, organised as an effort to raise funds to assist with the recovery from the devastation caused in Southeast Asia by the 2004 tsunami.
Paul McCartney : Soon after, Scottish police found marijuana plants growing on his farm, leading to his 1973 conviction for illegal cultivation and a £100 fine.
Paul McCartney : McCartney is a supporter of the animal-rights organisation People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
Paul McCartney : LP, the song was the group's first recorded use of classical music elements and their first recording that involved only a single band member.
Paul McCartney : He collaborated with composer Carl Davis, producing "Liverpool Oratorio".
Paul McCartney : The Beatles re-signed with EMI for another nine years in 1967.
Paul McCartney : In 2006, the McCartneys travelled to Prince Edward Island to raise international awareness of seal hunting.
Paul McCartney : They had a five-year relationship and planned to marry, but Asher broke off the engagement after she discovered he had become involved with Francie Schwartz, an American screenwriter who moved to London at age 23 thinking she could sell a script to the Beatles.
Paul McCartney : While typically using Vox amplifiers, by 1967 he had also begun using a Fender Bassman for amplification.
Paul McCartney : His father invited Paul and his brother Michael to solve crosswords with him, to increase their "word power", as McCartney said.
Paul McCartney : McCartney largely directed the film, which brought the group their first unfavourable critical response.
Paul McCartney : He wrote several songs while living at the Ashers', including "Yesterday", "And I Love Her", "You Won't See Me" and "I'm Looking Through You", the latter three having been inspired by their romance.
Paul McCartney : I Love You"—were published by an EMI subsidiary, Ardmore & Beechwood, before signing with James.
Paul McCartney : These performances yielded the double live album "Good Evening New York City" later that year.
Paul McCartney : Ten more gigs followed as they travelled across the UK in a van during an unannounced tour of universities, during which the band stayed in modest accommodation and received pay in coinage collected from students, while avoiding Beatles songs during their performances.
Paul McCartney : By 1981, McCartney felt he had accomplished all he could creatively with Wings and decided he needed a change.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's loss later became a point of connection with John Lennon, whose mother, Julia, had died when he was 17.
Paul McCartney : The two released their first electronica album together, "Strawberries Oceans Ships Forest", in 1993.
Paul McCartney : The following year, he and Jackson worked on "Say Say Say", McCartney's most recent US number one .
Paul McCartney : In September 1989, they launched the Paul McCartney World Tour, his first in over a decade.
Paul McCartney : Critical reception was unfavourable, and McCartney expressed disappointment with the album.
Paul McCartney : Critics described "Rubber Soul" as a significant advance in the refinement and profundity of the band's music and lyrics.
Paul McCartney : Though McCartney had a strained relationship with Lennon, they briefly became close again in early 1974, and played music together on one occasion.
Paul McCartney : According to Gould, the song is "a neoclassical tour de force ... a true hybrid, conforming to no recognizable style or genre of song".
Paul McCartney : Director Richard Lester overheard two physically attractive women trying to persuade McCartney to use heroin, but he refused.
Paul McCartney : The only Capitol compilation later included in the group's official canon of studio albums, the "Magical Mystery Tour" LP achieved $8 million in sales within three weeks of its release, higher initial sales than any other Capitol LP up to that point.
Paul McCartney : Upon the end of the Beatles' performing career, McCartney sensed unease in the band and wanted them to maintain creative productivity.
Paul McCartney : Also during 1999, he continued his experimentation with orchestral music on "Working Classical".
Paul McCartney : In 2009, he played to three sold-out concerts at the newly built Citi Field, a venue constructed to replace Shea Stadium in Queens, New York.
Paul McCartney : His studio album release in November that year, "Driving Rain", included the song "Freedom", written in response to the attacks.
Paul McCartney : In his first creative suggestion after this change of leadership, McCartney proposed that the band move forward on their plans to produce a film for television, which was to become "Magical Mystery Tour".
Paul McCartney : In 1998, he released "Rushes", the second electronica album by the Fireman.
Paul McCartney : In an effort to avoid talking only about business, they often spoke of cats, babies, or baking bread.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's 18-date On the Run Tour grossed £37 million in 2012.
Paul McCartney : In 1995, he narrated the documentary "Devour the Earth", written by Tony Wardle.
Paul McCartney : Nominated for an Academy Award, the song reached number two in the US and number nine in the UK.
Paul McCartney : McCartney returned to Capitol in the US in 1985, remaining with EMI until 2006.
Paul McCartney : McCartney agreed, but Lennon did not.
Paul McCartney : Beyond music, he has taken part in projects to promote international charities related to such subjects as animal rights, seal hunting, land mines, vegetarianism, poverty, and music education.
Paul McCartney : The first of three consecutive McCartney A-sides, the single "Paperback Writer" preceded the LP's release.
Paul McCartney : "Yesterday" became one of the most covered songs in popular music history.
Paul McCartney : He said, "The whole meditation experience was very good and I still use the mantra ...
Paul McCartney : In 1972, a Swedish court fined McCartney £1,000 for cannabis possession.
Paul McCartney : In July 2011, McCartney performed at two sold-out concerts at the new Yankee Stadium.
Paul McCartney : He later explained, "When John was killed somebody stuck a microphone at me and said: 'What do you think about it?'
Paul McCartney : McCartney was leaving an Oxford Street recording studio that evening when he was surrounded by reporters who asked him for his reaction; he responded: "It's a drag".
Paul McCartney : About their relationship, Paul said, "We had a lot of fun together ... just the nature of how we are, our favourite thing really is to just hang, to have fun.
Paul McCartney : It was released in the UK as a six-track double extended play disc (EP), and as an identically titled LP in the US, filled out with five songs from the band's recent singles.
Paul McCartney : While McCartney would often phone Lennon, he was apprehensive about the reception he would receive.
Paul McCartney : In his first interview after Linda's death, he promised to continue working for animal rights, and in 1999, he spent £3,000,000 to ensure Linda McCartney Foods remained free of genetically engineered ingredients.
Paul McCartney : The two began a relationship, and in November of that year he took up residence with Asher at her parents' home at 57 Wimpole Street, London.
Paul McCartney : The score was a collaboration with Martin, who used two McCartney themes to write thirteen variations.
Paul McCartney : In January 1980, when Wings flew to Tokyo for a tour of Japan, customs officials found approximately 8 ounces (200 g) of cannabis in his luggage.
Paul McCartney : McCartney has criticised Jackson's purchase and handling of Northern Songs over the years.
Paul McCartney : In 1999, McCartney released "Run Devil Run".
Paul McCartney : McCartney initially owned 20% of Northern Songs, which became 15% after a public stock offering in 1965.
Paul McCartney : In September 1971, the McCartneys' daughter Stella was born, named in honour of Linda's grandmothers, both of whom were named Stella.
Paul McCartney : He reversed the tapes, sped them up, and slowed them down to create the desired effects, some of which the Beatles later used on the songs "Tomorrow Never Knows" and "The Fool on the Hill".
Paul McCartney : Miles also co-founded "International Times", an underground paper that McCartney helped to start with direct financial support and by providing interviews to attract advertiser income.
Paul McCartney : They adopted the name "the Beatles" in August 1960 and recruited drummer Pete Best shortly before a five-engagement residency in Hamburg.
Paul McCartney : McCartney has publicly professed support for Everton and has also shown favour for Liverpool.
Paul McCartney : After the Beatles' break-up, the two collaborated musically and formed Wings in 1971.
Paul McCartney : McCartney stepped in to fill that void and gradually became the "de facto" leader and business manager of the group that Lennon had once led.
Paul McCartney : In 2008, he released his third Fireman album, "Electric Arguments".
Paul McCartney : The 70-painting show featured portraits of Lennon, Andy Warhol and David Bowie.
Paul McCartney : But after a concert at Wembley Arena I got a bit of a friendship with Kenny Dalglish, who had been to the gig and I thought 'You know what?
Paul McCartney : In September, he released the rock album "Chaos and Creation in the Backyard", for which he provided most of the instrumentation.
Paul McCartney : On 20 June 2018, McCartney released two songs, "I Don't Know" and "Come On to Me", from his album "Egypt Station", which was released on 7 September through Capitol Records.
Paul McCartney : The shield includes four curved emblems which resemble beetles' backs.
Paul McCartney : McCartney is lead patron of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts, a school in the building formerly occupied by the Liverpool Institute for Boys.
Paul McCartney : In 1995, he made a guest appearance on the "Simpsons" episode "Lisa the Vegetarian" and directed a short documentary about the Grateful Dead.
Paul McCartney : In October 2000, McCartney's art debuted in his hometown of Liverpool.
Paul McCartney : Introduced to cocaine by Robert Fraser, McCartney used the drug regularly during the recording of "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : He recorded a radio series called "Oobu Joobu" in 1995 for the American network Westwood One, which he described as "widescreen radio".
Paul McCartney : McCartney said, "I've been offered an exhibition of my paintings at the Walker Art Gallery ... where John and I used to spend many a pleasant afternoon.
Paul McCartney : When you put that in print it says, 'McCartney in London today when asked for a comment on his dead friend said, "It's a drag".'
Paul McCartney : McCartney later said, "The main thing I didn't want was to come on stage, faced with the whole torment of five rows of press people with little pads, all looking at me and saying, 'Oh well, he is not as good as he was.'
Paul McCartney : He contributed the song "Nova" to a tribute album of classical, choral music called "A Garland for Linda" (2000), dedicated to his late wife.
Paul McCartney : In 2007, McCartney signed with Hear Music, becoming the label's first artist.
Paul McCartney : In March 1969, McCartney married his first wife, Linda Eastman, and in August, the couple had their first child, Mary, named after his late mother.
Paul McCartney : "Revolver" also included McCartney's "Eleanor Rigby", which featured a string octet.
Paul McCartney : Discussing his relationship with McCartney, Harrison said: "Paul would always help along when you'd done his ten songs—then when he got 'round to doing one of my songs, he would help.
Paul McCartney : The sessions produced the double A-side single "Strawberry Fields Forever"/"Penny Lane" in February 1967, and the LP followed in June.
Paul McCartney : The couple debated with Danny Williams, Newfoundland's then Premier, on "Larry King Live", stating that fishermen should stop hunting seals and start seal-watching businesses instead.
Paul McCartney : In 2008, he ended speculation about his allegiance when he said: "Here's the deal: my father was born in Everton, my family are officially Evertonians, so if it comes down to a derby match or an FA Cup final between the two, I would have to support Everton.
Paul McCartney : They eventually compromised, agreeing to McCartney's suggestion: an LP featuring individual songs on side one, and a long medley on side two.
Paul McCartney : Former Wings guitarist McCullough said of collaborating with Linda, "trying to get things together with a learner in the group didn't work as far as I was concerned."
Paul McCartney : In 2009, McCartney wrote to Tenzin Gyatso, the 14th Dalai Lama, asking him why he was not a vegetarian.
Paul McCartney : The soundtrack failed to chart, but it won McCartney an Ivor Novello Award for Best Instrumental Theme.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's father was a trumpet player and pianist who had led Jim Mac's Jazz Band in the 1920s.
Paul McCartney : In 2004, he donated a song to an album to aid the "US Campaign for Burma", in support of Burmese Nobel Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi.
Paul McCartney : Also in 1995, Prince Charles presented him with an Honorary Fellowship of the Royal College of Music—"kind of amazing for somebody who doesn't read a note of music", commented McCartney.
Paul McCartney : In 1992, he worked with Dunbar on an animated film about the work of French artist Honoré Daumier, which won them a BAFTA award.
Paul McCartney : The festival has included guest performances by famous musicians, songwriting competitions, drawing contests and special events featuring performances by the Crickets.
Paul McCartney : In the United States, the Beatles recordings were distributed by EMI subsidiary Capitol Records.
Paul McCartney : He closed the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London on 27 July, singing "The End" and "Hey Jude" and inviting the audience to join in on the coda.
Paul McCartney : The subsequent New World Tour followed, which led to the release of the "Paul Is Live" album later that year.
Paul McCartney : Having witnessed the 11 September 2001 attacks from the JFK airport tarmac, McCartney was inspired to take a leading role in organising the Concert for New York City.
Paul McCartney : In 1954, he met schoolmate George Harrison on the bus from his suburban home in Speke.
Paul McCartney : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", and for about a year total but stopped because of his dislike of the unpleasant melancholy he felt afterwards.
Paul McCartney : Except for some backing vocals, the song included only McCartney's lead vocal and the strings arranged by producer George Martin.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's mother, Mary, was a midwife and the family's primary wage earner; her earnings enabled them to move into 20 Forthlin Road in Allerton, where they lived until 1964.
Paul McCartney : In 2015, following British prime minister David Cameron's decision to give Members of Parliament a free vote on amending the law against fox hunting, McCartney was quoted: "The people of Britain are behind this Tory government on many things but the vast majority of us will be against them if hunting is reintroduced.
Paul McCartney : Following McCartney's marriage to Mills, he joined her in a campaign against land mines, becoming a patron of Adopt-A-Minefield.
Paul McCartney : While at school during the 1950s, McCartney thrived at art assignments, often earning top accolades for his visual work.
Paul McCartney : In 1985, Warner Brothers commissioned McCartney to write a song for the comedic feature film "Spies Like Us".
Paul McCartney : His crest, featuring a Liver bird holding an acoustic guitar in its claw, reflects his background in Liverpool and his musical career.
Paul McCartney : As Paul remembers, "The night Linda and I met, I spotted her across a crowded club, and although I would normally have been nervous chatting her up, I realised I had to ... Pushiness worked for me that night!"
Paul McCartney : McCartney has also supported campaigns headed by the Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society International, World Animal Protection, and the David Shepherd Wildlife Foundation.
Paul McCartney : His use of the drug soon became habitual, and according to Miles, McCartney wrote the lyrics "another kind of mind" in "Got to Get You into My Life" specifically as a reference to cannabis.
Paul McCartney : McCartney also played lead guitar on "Another Girl".
Paul McCartney : In 1995, Jackson merged his catalogue with Sony for a reported £59,052,000 ($95 million), establishing Sony/ATV Music Publishing, in which he retained half-ownership.
Paul McCartney : They had four children—Linda's daughter Heather (legally adopted by Paul), Mary, Stella and James—and remained married until Linda's death from breast cancer at age 56 in 1998.
Paul McCartney : Music professor and author Vincent Benitez described the track as "symphonic rock at its best".
Paul McCartney : There were a lot of tracks, though, where I played bass ... because what Paul would do—if he'd written a song, he'd learn all the parts for Paul and then come in the studio and say (sometimes he was very difficult): 'Do this'.
Paul McCartney : Featuring a squirrel whose woodland home is razed by developers, it had been scripted and sketched by McCartney and Dunbar over several years, as an animated film.
Paul McCartney : Best known for primarily using a plectrum or pick, McCartney occasionally plays fingerstyle.
Paul McCartney : Recorded in one week, and featuring Ian Paice and David Gilmour, it was primarily an album of covers with three McCartney originals.
Paul McCartney : In 1990, when asked who his favourite guitar players were he included Eddie Van Halen, Eric Clapton and David Gilmour, stating, "but I still like Hendrix the best".
Paul McCartney : In 1984, while McCartney was on holiday in Barbados, authorities arrested him for possession of marijuana and fined him $200.
Paul McCartney : During the 1960s, he delved into the visual arts, explored experimental cinema, and regularly attended film, theatrical and classical music performances.
Paul McCartney : McCartney had this to say on the group's formation: "Wings were always a difficult idea ... any group having to follow [the Beatles'] success would have a hard job ...
Paul McCartney : He released "Kisses on the Bottom", a collection of standards, in February 2012, the same month that the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences honoured him as the MusiCares Person of the Year, two days prior to his performance at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards.
Paul McCartney : During the late 1980s and early 1990s, he used a Wal 5-String, which he said made him play more thick-sounding basslines, in contrast to the much lighter Höfner, which inspired him to play more sensitively, something he considers fundamental to his playing style.
Paul McCartney : His honors include two inductions into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (as a member of the Beatles in 1988 and as a solo artist in 1999), 18 Grammy Awards, an appointment as a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1965, and a knighthood in 1997 for services to music.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's last telephone call to Lennon, days before Lennon and Ono released "Double Fantasy", was friendly; he said this about the call: "[It is] a consoling factor for me, because I do feel it was sad that we never actually sat down and straightened our differences out.
Paul McCartney : In August 1965, the Beatles released the McCartney composition "Yesterday", featuring a string quartet.
Paul McCartney : "Rolling Stone" named it one of the Best Albums of the Year for 1973, and in 1975, Paul McCartney and Wings won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance for the song "Band on the Run" and Geoff Emerick won the Grammy for Best Engineered Recording for the album.
Paul McCartney : In 1988, McCartney released "Снова в СССР", initially available only in the Soviet Union, which contained eighteen covers; recorded over the course of two days.
Paul McCartney : His father, James ("Jim") McCartney, was absent from his son's birth due to his work as a volunteer firefighter during World War II.
Paul McCartney : He also performed "For You Blue" and "All Things Must Pass", and played the piano on Eric Clapton's rendition of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps".
Paul McCartney : On 19 May 2014, the news reported that McCartney had been bedridden on doctor's orders due to an unspecified virus, which forced him to cancel a sold-out concert tour of Japan that was scheduled to begin later in the week.
Paul McCartney : In 1972, McCartney re-signed with ATV for seven years in a joint publishing agreement between ATV and McCartney Music.
Paul McCartney : Though initially reluctant to display his paintings publicly, McCartney chose the gallery because events organiser Wolfgang Suttner showed genuine interest in McCartney's art.
Paul McCartney : The tour resulted in the double live album "Back in the US", released internationally in 2003 as "Back in the World".
Paul McCartney : McCartney took up painting in 1983, and he first exhibited his work in Siegen, Germany, in 1999.
Paul McCartney : On 9 December 1980, McCartney followed the news that Lennon had been murdered the previous night; Lennon's death created a media frenzy around the surviving members of the band.
Paul McCartney : Following the addition of guitarist Henry McCullough, Wings' first concert tour began in 1972 with a debut performance in front of an audience of seven hundred at the University of Nottingham.
Paul McCartney : The Beatles were informally represented by Allan Williams; in 1960, the group booked its first performance at a residency in Hamburg.
Paul McCartney : On 9 September 2009, EMI reissued the Beatles catalogue following a four-year digital remastering effort, releasing a music video game called "" the same day.
Paul McCartney : That year, he released the triple album "Tripping the Live Fantastic", which contained selected performances from the tour.
Paul McCartney : "Back to the Egg" (1979) featured McCartney's assemblage of a rock supergroup dubbed "Rockestra" on two tracks.
Paul McCartney : McCartney commented, "I prefer to think of my approach to music as ... rather like the primitive cave artists, who drew without training."
Paul McCartney : Later that year, he released the classical work "Standing Stone", which topped the UK and US classical charts.
Paul McCartney : Bob Dylan introduced them to marijuana in a New York hotel room in 1964; McCartney recalls getting "very high" and "giggling uncontrollably".
Paul McCartney : In 2003, the couple had a child, Beatrice Milly, named in honour of Mills' late mother and one of McCartney's aunts.
Paul McCartney : McCartney became interested in painting after watching artist Willem de Kooning work in de Kooning's Long Island studio.
Paul McCartney : In 1961, Sutcliffe left the band and McCartney reluctantly became their bass player.
Paul McCartney : McCartney later purchased works by Magritte, whose painting of an apple had inspired the Apple Records logo.
Paul McCartney : In July 2005, he performed at the Live 8 event in Hyde Park, London, opening the show with "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : MacDonald also praised McCartney's "coruscating pseudo-Indian" guitar solo on "Good Morning Good Morning".
Paul McCartney : He participated in the National Football League's Super Bowl, performing "Freedom" during the pre-game show for Super Bowl XXXVI in 2002 and headlining the halftime show at Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005.
Paul McCartney : "The Guardian" was especially critical, describing the music as "afraid of anything approaching a fast tempo", and adding that the piece has "little awareness of the need for recurrent ideas that will bind the work into a whole".
Paul McCartney : The album contained the song "Coming Up", the live version of which, recorded in Glasgow, Scotland, in 1979 by Wings, became the group's last number-one hit.
Paul McCartney : Performed around the world after its London premiere, the "Liverpool Oratorio" reached number one on the UK classical chart, "Music Week".
Paul McCartney : "Ebony and Ivory" was McCartney's record 28th single to hit number one on the "Billboard" 100.
Paul McCartney : In February 2015, McCartney appeared and performed with Paul Simon for the "Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary Special".
Paul McCartney : Since 1979, MPL Communications has published McCartney's songs.
Paul McCartney : McCartney married New Yorker Nancy Shevell in a civil ceremony at Old Marylebone Town Hall, London, on 9 October 2011.
Paul McCartney : By May 1960 the band had tried several names, including "Johnny and the Moondogs", "Beatals" and "the Silver Beetles".
Paul McCartney : "Abbey Road" was the band's last recorded album, and Martin suggested "a continuously moving piece of music", urging the group to think symphonically.
Paul McCartney : The heavy moustaches worn by the Beatles reflected the growing influence of hippie style trends on the band, while their clothing "spoofed the vogue in Britain for military fashions", wrote Gould.
Paul McCartney : On 24 April 1976, McCartney and Lennon were watching an episode of "Saturday Night Live" together at Lennon's home in the Dakota when Lorne Michaels made a $3,000 cash offer for the Beatles to reunite.
Paul McCartney : In 2004, he commented on media animosity toward his partners: "[the British public] didn't like me giving up on Jane Asher ...
Paul McCartney : McCartney wrote his first song, "I Lost My Little Girl", on the Zenith, and composed another early tune that would become "When I'm Sixty-Four" on the piano.
Paul McCartney : While in Hamburg, they recorded professionally for the first time and were credited as the Beat Brothers, who were the backing band for English singer Tony Sheridan on the single "My Bonnie".
Paul McCartney : An English court legally dissolved the Beatles' partnership on 9 January 1975, though sporadic lawsuits against their record company EMI, Klein, and each other persisted until 1989.
Paul McCartney : In 2006, McCartney released the classical work "Ecce Cor Meum".
Paul McCartney : They began the Driving World Tour in April 2002, which included stops in the US, Mexico and Japan.
Paul McCartney : McCartney called Little Richard an idol, whose falsetto vocalisations inspired McCartney's own vocal technique.
Paul McCartney : Upon his return to England, he stated: "cannabis is ... less harmful than rum punch, whiskey, nicotine and glue, all of which are perfectly legal ...
Paul McCartney : It just doesn't seem right—the Dalai Lama, on the one hand, saying, 'Hey guys, don't harm sentient beings ... Oh, and by the way, I'm having a steak.'"
Paul McCartney : McCartney attended Stockton Wood Road Primary School in Speke from 1947 until 1949, when he transferred to Joseph Williams Junior School in Belle Vale because of overcrowding at Stockton.
Paul McCartney : Wings completed their final concert tour in 1979, with twenty shows in the UK that included the live debut of the Beatles songs "Got to Get You into My Life", "The Fool on the Hill" and "Let it Be".
Paul McCartney : At times, she played hooky to see artists such as Fabian, Bobby Darin and Chuck Berry.
Paul McCartney : McCartney released the rock album "Off the Ground" in 1993.
Paul McCartney : They included mixes of various songs, musical pieces and comments made by McCartney that Dick James made into a demo for him.
Paul McCartney : The album also included the top-ten hits "Jet" and "Helen Wheels", and earned the 413th spot on "Rolling Stone's" list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
Paul McCartney : Initially reluctant to try LSD, McCartney eventually did so in late 1966, and took his second "acid trip" in March 1967 with Lennon after a "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : That same year, he released "Flowers in the Dirt"; a collaborative effort with Elvis Costello that included musical contributions from Gilmour and Nicky Hopkins.
Paul McCartney : On 14 August 2014, McCartney performed the final concert at Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California before its demolition.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's first serious girlfriend in Liverpool was Dot Rhone, whom he met at the Casbah club in 1959.
Paul McCartney : MacDonald considered the piano part in "Lady Madonna" as reminiscent of Fats Domino, and "Let It Be" as having a gospel rhythm.
Paul McCartney : Since the Rich List began in 1989, McCartney has been the UK's wealthiest musician, with an estimated fortune of £730 million in 2015.
Paul McCartney : He was strongly influenced by Motown artists, in particular James Jamerson, whom McCartney called a hero for his melodic style.
Paul McCartney : The fan hysteria became known as "Beatlemania", and the press sometimes referred to McCartney as the "cute Beatle".
Paul McCartney : Considered a high point in the Beatles catalogue, both Lennon and McCartney said they had written the music for the song "In My Life".
Paul McCartney : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" as containing his strongest and most inventive bass playing, particularly on "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".
Paul McCartney : After Harrison's death in November 2001, McCartney said he was "a lovely guy and a very brave man who had a wonderful sense of humour".
Paul McCartney : During McCartney's early years with the Beatles, he primarily used a Höfner 500/1 bass, although from 1965, he favoured his Rickenbacker 4001S for recording.
Paul McCartney : He found it difficult to play guitar right-handed, but after noticing a poster advertising a Slim Whitman concert and realising that Whitman played left-handed, he reversed the order of the strings.
Paul McCartney : McCartney participated in Live Aid, performing "Let it Be", but technical difficulties rendered his vocals and piano barely audible for the first two verses, punctuated by squeals of feedback.
Paul McCartney : McCartney acquired their publishing rights from Ardmore in 1978, and they are the only two Beatles songs owned by MPL Communications.
Paul McCartney : The pair first properly met in 1967 at a Georgie Fame concert at The Bag O'Nails club, during her UK assignment to photograph rock musicians in London.
Paul McCartney : In 1979, McCartney signed with Columbia Records in the US and Canada—reportedly receiving the industry's most lucrative recording contract to date, while remaining with EMI for distribution throughout the rest of the world.
Paul McCartney : McCartney and Simon performed the first verse of "I've Just Seen a Face" on acoustic guitars, and McCartney later performed "Maybe I'm Amazed".
Paul McCartney : Later that year, McCartney completed his first musical project independently of the group—a film score for the UK production "The Family Way".
Paul McCartney : In 2014, McCartney wrote and performed "Hope for the Future," the ending song for the video game "Destiny".
Paul McCartney : McCartney primarily flatpicks while playing acoustic guitar, though he also uses elements of fingerpicking.
Paul McCartney : After the group disbanded in 1970, he pursued a solo career and formed the band Wings with his first wife, Linda, and Denny Laine.
Paul McCartney : His first children's book was published by Faber & Faber in 2005, "High in the Clouds: An Urban Furry Tail", a collaboration with writer Philip Ardagh and animator Geoff Dunbar.
Paul McCartney : McCartney shared lead vocals on the Alice Cooper-led "Hollywood Vampires" supergroup's cover of his song "Come and Get It" which appears on their debut album, released 11 September 2015.
Paul McCartney : More than forty-five years after the Beatles first appeared on American television during "The Ed Sullivan Show", he returned to the same New York theatre to perform on "Late Show with David Letterman".
Paul McCartney : In 1963, Dick James established Northern Songs to publish the songs of Lennon–McCartney.
Paul McCartney : Harrison joined in 1958 as lead guitarist, followed by Lennon's art school friend Stuart Sutcliffe on bass, in 1960.
Paul McCartney : Also that year, McCartney collaborated with American recording artist Kanye West on the single "Only One", released on 31 December.
Paul McCartney : In 1971, he collaborated with Linda and drummer Denny Seiwell on a second album, "Ram".
Paul McCartney : During his years with Wings, McCartney tended to leave electric guitar work to other group members, though he played most of the lead guitar on "Band on the Run".
Paul McCartney : The most successful single of McCartney's solo career, it achieved double the sales of the previous record holder, "She Loves You", and went on to sell 2.5 million copies and hold the UK sales record until the 1984 charity single, "Do They Know It's Christmas?"
Paul McCartney : McCartney ventured into orchestral music in 1991 when the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society commissioned a musical piece by him to celebrate its sesquicentennial.
Paul McCartney : Sir James Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) is an English singer, songwriter, musician, composer, and record and film producer who gained worldwide fame as co-lead vocalist and bassist for the Beatles.
Paul McCartney : Ringo Starr replaced Best in August, and the band had their first hit, "Love Me Do", in October, becoming popular in the UK in 1963, and in the US a year later.
Paul McCartney : McCartney released "Here Today" in 1982, a song Everett described as "a haunting tribute" to McCartney's friendship with Lennon.
Paul McCartney : On 28 August 2013, McCartney released the title track of his upcoming studio album "New", which came out in October 2013.
Paul McCartney : McCartney collaborated with Eric Stewart on "Press to Play" (1986), with Stewart co-writing more than half the songs on the LP.
Paul McCartney : McCartney first met British actress Jane Asher on 18 April 1963 when a photographer asked them to pose at a Beatles performance at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Paul McCartney : Ingham described the Wings songs "With a Little Luck" and "London Town" as being "full of the most sensitive pop synthesizer touches".
Paul McCartney : In 1974, Wings achieved a second US number-one single with the title track.
Paul McCartney : During the tour, McCartney performed for the largest paying stadium audience in history on 21 April 1990, when 184,000 people attended his concert at Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Paul McCartney : In 2000, he released the electronica album "Liverpool Sound Collage" with Super Furry Animals and Youth, using the sound collage and musique concrète techniques that had fascinated him in the mid-1960s.
Paul McCartney : His first contact with the London avant-garde scene was through artist John Dunbar, who introduced McCartney to art dealer Robert Fraser.
Paul McCartney : He contributed what MacDonald described as "a startling guitar solo" on the Harrison composition "Taxman" and the "shrieking" guitar on "Sgt.
Paul McCartney : McCartney has participated in several charity recordings and performances, including the Concerts for the People of Kampuchea, Ferry Aid, Band Aid, Live Aid, Live 8, and the recording of "Ferry Cross the Mersey".
Paul McCartney : Starting in 1994, McCartney took a four-year break from his solo career to work on Apple's "Beatles Anthology" project with Harrison, Starr and Martin.
Paul McCartney : In June 2012, McCartney closed Queen Elizabeth's Diamond Jubilee Concert held outside Buckingham Palace, performing a set that included "Let It Be" and "Live and Let Die".
Paul McCartney : McCartney became involved in the renovation and publicising of the Indica Gallery in Mason's Yard, London, which Barry Miles had co-founded and where Lennon first met Yoko Ono.
Paul McCartney : In 1989, he joined forces with fellow Merseysiders Gerry Marsden and Holly Johnson to record an updated version of "Ferry Cross the Mersey", for the Hillsborough disaster appeal fund.
Paul McCartney : MacDonald called McCartney's Mellotron intro on "Strawberry Fields Forever" an integral feature of the song's character.
Paul McCartney : McCartney also produced and hosted "The Real Buddy Holly Story", a 1985 documentary featuring interviews with Keith Richards, Phil and Don Everly, the Holly family, and others.
Paul McCartney : Examples of his acoustic guitar playing on Beatles tracks include "Yesterday", "I'm Looking Through You", "Michelle", "Blackbird", "I Will", "Mother Nature's Son" and "Rocky Raccoon".
Paul McCartney : She became a popular photographer with several rock groups, including the Jimi Hendrix Experience, the Grateful Dead, the Doors and the Beatles, whom she first met at Shea Stadium in 1966.
Paul McCartney : In July 2002, McCartney married Heather Mills.
Paul McCartney : A UK number one and a US top five, "Ram" included the co-written US number-one hit single "Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey".
Paul McCartney : McCartney was inspired to create a new persona for the group, to serve as a vehicle for experimentation and to demonstrate to their fans that they had musically matured.
Paul McCartney : The band included Wings along with Pete Townshend, David Gilmour, Gary Brooker, John Paul Jones, John Bonham and others.
Paul McCartney : Musicologist Ian MacDonald wrote, "from [1965] ... [McCartney] would be in the ascendant not only as a songwriter, but also as instrumentalist, arranger, producer, and "de facto" musical director of the Beatles."
Paul McCartney : In the mid-1960s, when visiting artist friend John Dunbar's flat in London, McCartney brought tapes he had compiled at then-girlfriend Jane Asher's home.
Paul McCartney : In 1971, McCartney bought the publishing rights to Holly's catalogue, and in 1976, on the fortieth anniversary of Holly's birth, McCartney inaugurated the annual "Buddy Holly Week" in England.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's collaboration with Linda and former Beatles producer Martin resulted in the song "Live and Let Die", which was the theme song for the James Bond film of the same name.
Paul McCartney : In September 2000, the first UK exhibition of McCartney's paintings opened, featuring 500 canvases at the Arnolfini Gallery in Bristol, England.
Paul McCartney : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" (with U2) and closing it with "Drive My Car" (with George Michael), "Helter Skelter", and "The Long and Winding Road".
Paul McCartney : Later that year, during recording sessions for the album "Rubber Soul", McCartney began to supplant Lennon as the dominant musical force in the band.
Paul McCartney : American rhythm and blues influenced him, and Little Richard was his schoolboy idol; "Long Tall Sally" was the first song McCartney performed in public, at a Butlin's Filey holiday camp talent competition.
Paul McCartney : In 2003, the McCartneys had a child, Beatrice Milly.
Paul McCartney : The album fared much better, reaching number one in the UK and producing the US top-ten hit single "No More Lonely Nights", featuring David Gilmour on lead guitar.
Paul McCartney : McCartney first used drugs in the Beatles' Hamburg days when they often used Preludin to maintain their energy while performing for long periods.
Paul McCartney : On 12 December 2012, McCartney performed with three former members of Nirvana (Krist Novoselic, Dave Grohl, and Pat Smear) during the closing act of , seen by approximately two billion people worldwide.
Paul McCartney : In 2002, McCartney married Heather Mills, a former model and anti-landmines campaigner.
Paul McCartney : After forming their own record label, Apple Records, in 1968, the Beatles' recordings would be released through Apple although the masters were still owned by EMI.
Paul McCartney : He has appeared in the group's campaigns, and in 2009, McCartney narrated a video for them titled "Glass Walls", which was harshly critical of slaughterhouses, the meat industry, and their effect on animal welfare.
Paul McCartney : Following the second European leg of the tour and extensive rehearsals in London, the group undertook an ambitious US arena tour that yielded the US number-one live triple LP "Wings over America".
Paul McCartney : Featuring sophisticated lyrics, studio experimentation, and an expanded repertoire of musical genres ranging from innovative string arrangements to psychedelic rock, the album marked an artistic leap for the Beatles.
Paul McCartney : The show, titled "", featured 22 classic Beatles songs as performed by various artists, which included original Beatles McCartney and Starr.
Paul McCartney : On the first anniversary of his death, McCartney played Harrison's "Something" on a ukulele at the Concert for George.
Paul McCartney : McCartney is a featured guest on West's 2015 single "All Day", which also features Theophilus London and Allan Kingdom.
Paul McCartney : In 1969, James sold a controlling interest in Northern Songs to Lew Grade's Associated Television (ATV) after which McCartney and John Lennon sold their remaining shares although they remained under contract to ATV until 1973.
Paul McCartney : Heavily influenced by American avant-garde musician John Cage, McCartney made tape loops by recording voices, guitars and bongos on a Brenell tape recorder and splicing the various loops.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's skill as a bass player has been acknowledged by bassists including Sting, Dr. Dre bassist Mike Elizondo, and Colin Moulding of XTC.
Paul McCartney : At Fraser's flat he first learned about art appreciation and met Andy Warhol, Claes Oldenburg, Peter Blake, and Richard Hamilton.
Paul McCartney : Paul defended her musical ability: "I taught Linda the basics of the keyboard ... She took a couple of lessons and learned some bluesy things ... she did very well and made it look easier than it was ...
Paul McCartney : In 2009, McCartney and Starr headlined a benefit concert at Radio City Music Hall, raising three million dollars for the David Lynch Foundation to fund instruction in Transcendental Meditation for at-risk youth.
Paul McCartney : In November, the Wings song "Mull of Kintyre", co-written with Laine, was quickly becoming one of the best-selling singles in UK chart history.
Paul McCartney : McCartney and Yoko Ono attempted to purchase the Northern Songs catalogue in 1981, but Grade declined their offer.
Paul McCartney : After the departure of McCullough and Seiwell in 1973, the McCartneys and Laine recorded "Band on the Run".
Paul McCartney : In 1975, they began the fourteen-month Wings Over the World Tour, which included stops in the UK, Australia, Europe and the US.
Paul McCartney : In August 1967, McCartney met the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi at the London Hilton and later went to Bangor in North Wales to attend a weekend initiation conference, where he and the other Beatles learned the basics of Transcendental Meditation.
Paul McCartney : He also played all the drum parts on his first and second solo albums "McCartney" and "McCartney II", as well as on the Wings album "Band on the Run" and most of the drums on his solo LP "Chaos and Creation in the Backyard".
Paul McCartney : James Paul McCartney was born on 18 June 1942 at Walton Hospital in the Walton area of Liverpool, where his mother, Mary Patricia (née Mohin), had qualified to practise as a nurse.
Paul McCartney : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", widely regarded as rock's first concept album.
Paul McCartney : In addition to an interest in Apple Corps and MPL Communications, an umbrella company for his business interests, he owns a significant music publishing catalogue, with access to over 25,000 copyrights, including the publishing rights to the musicals "Guys and Dolls", "A Chorus Line", "Annie" and "Grease".
Paul McCartney : McCartney signed his first recording contract, as a member of the Beatles, with Parlophone Records, an EMI subsidiary, in June 1962.
Paul McCartney : The films, described by Harrison as "the forerunner of videos", aired on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "Top of the Pops" in June 1966.
Paul McCartney : In January 2015, McCartney collaborated with West and Barbadian singer Rihanna on the single "FourFiveSeconds".
Paul McCartney : McCartney played a Moog synthesizer on the Beatles song "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" and the Wings track "Loup (1st Indian on the Moon)".
Paul McCartney : McCartney received a nickel-plated trumpet from his father for his fourteenth birthday, but when rock and roll became popular on Radio Luxembourg, McCartney traded it for a £15 Framus Zenith (model 17) acoustic guitar, since he wanted to be able to sing while playing.
Paul McCartney : Equipment technicians resolved the problems and David Bowie, Alison Moyet, Pete Townshend and Bob Geldof joined McCartney on stage, receiving an enthusiastic crowd reaction.
Paul McCartney : He made his attitude about cannabis public in 1967, when he, along with the other Beatles and Epstein, added his name to a July advertisement in "The Times", which called for its legalisation, the release of those imprisoned for possession, and research into marijuana's medical uses.
Paul McCartney : In 1991, McCartney performed a selection of acoustic-only songs on "MTV Unplugged" and released a live album of the performance titled "Unplugged (The Official Bootleg)".
Paul McCartney : Soon afterwards, the members of the band invited McCartney to join as a rhythm guitarist, and he formed a close working relationship with Lennon.
Paul McCartney : In November, on the first anniversary of George Harrison's death, McCartney performed at the Concert for George.
Paul McCartney : When McCartney first went to Hamburg with the Beatles, he wrote to Rhone regularly, and she accompanied Cynthia Lennon to Hamburg when they played there again in 1962.
Paul McCartney : In 2001, McCartney published "Blackbird Singing", a volume of poems and lyrics to his songs for which he gave readings in Liverpool and New York City.
Paul McCartney : McCartney's earliest musical influences include Elvis Presley, Little Richard, Buddy Holly, Carl Perkins, and Chuck Berry.
Paul McCartney : Later that year, ex-Moody Blues guitarist Denny Laine joined the McCartneys and Seiwell to form the band Wings.
Paul McCartney : McCartney played drums on the Beatles' songs "Back in the U.S.S.R.", "Dear Prudence", "Martha My Dear", "Wild Honey Pie" and "The Ballad of John and Yoko".
Paul McCartney : McCartney was commissioned by the New York City Ballet, and in September 2011, he released his first score for dance, a collaboration with Peter Martins called "Ocean's Kingdom".
Paul McCartney : Following the formal dissolution of the Beatles' partnership in 1975, McCartney re-signed with EMI worldwide and Capitol in the US, Canada and Japan, acquiring ownership of his solo catalogue from EMI as part of the deal.
Paul McCartney : In 1981, McCartney sang backup on Harrison's tribute to their ex-bandmate, "All Those Years Ago", which featured Starr on drums.
Paul McCartney : Wings followed "Band on the Run" with the chart-topping albums "Venus and Mars" (1975) and "Wings at the Speed of Sound" (1976).
Paul McCartney : "London Town" (1978) spawned a US number-one single ("With a Little Luck"), and continued Wings' string of commercial successes, making the top five in both the US and the UK.
Paul McCartney : During the seven-week, 25-show Wings Over Europe Tour, the band played almost solely Wings and McCartney solo material: the Little Richard cover "Long Tall Sally" was the only song that had previously been recorded by the Beatles.
Paul McCartney : At the age of fifteen on 6 July 1957, McCartney met John Lennon and his band, the Quarrymen, at the St Peter's Church Hall fête in Woolton.
Paul McCartney : The performance featured opera singers Kiri Te Kanawa, Sally Burgess, Jerry Hadley and Willard White with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra and the choir of Liverpool Cathedral.
Paul McCartney : McCartney played piano on several Beatles songs, including "She's a Woman", "For No One", "A Day in the Life", "Hello, Goodbye", "Lady Madonna", "Hey Jude", "Martha My Dear", "Let It Be" and "The Long and Winding Road".
Paul McCartney : Recording engineer Norman Smith stated that the "Rubber Soul" sessions exposed indications of increasing contention within the band: "the clash between John and Paul was becoming obvious ... [and] as far as Paul was concerned, George [Harrison] could do no right—Paul was absolutely finicky."
Paul McCartney : In November 2014, a 42-song tribute album titled "The Art of McCartney" was released, which features a wide range of artists covering McCartney's solo and Beatles work.
Paul McCartney : In March 1973, Wings achieved their first US number-one single, "My Love", included on their second LP, "Red Rose Speedway", a US number one and UK top five.
Paul McCartney : Pepper" cover, McCartney replied, "Elvis was too important and too far above the rest even to mention ... so we didn't put him on the list because he was more than merely a ... pop singer, he was Elvis the King."
Paul McCartney : In 1984, McCartney starred in the musical "Give My Regards to Broad Street", a feature film he also wrote and produced which included Starr in an acting role.
Paul McCartney : In 1981, McCartney asked Geoff Dunbar to direct a short animated film called "Rupert and the Frog Song"; McCartney was the writer and producer, and he also added some of the character voices.
Paul McCartney : The paper published a letter McCartney submitted in response in which he noted several of the work's faster tempos and added, "happily, history shows that many good pieces of music were not liked by the critics of the time so I am content to ... let people judge for themselves the merits of the work."
Paul McCartney : McCartney played lead guitar on several Beatles recordings, including what MacDonald described as a "fiercely angular slide guitar solo" on "Drive My Car", which McCartney played on an Epiphone Casino.
Paul McCartney : In 1980, McCartney released his second solo LP, the self-produced "McCartney II", which peaked at number one in the UK and number three in the US.
Paul McCartney : The tour marked the first time McCartney performed Beatles songs live with Wings, with five in the two-hour set list: "I've Just Seen a Face", "Yesterday", "Blackbird", "Lady Madonna" and "The Long and Winding Road".
Paul McCartney : According to engineer Geoff Emerick, "the Beatles were looking to go out on a limb, both musically and sonically ... we were utilising a lot of tape varispeeding and other manipulation techniques ... limiters and ... effects like flanging and ADT."
Paul McCartney : McCartney singled out "Blackbird" as a personal favourite and described his technique for the guitar part in the following way: "I got my own little sort of cheating way of [fingerpicking] ...
Paul McCartney : McCartney was largely a self-taught musician, and his approach was described by musicologist Ian MacDonald as "by nature drawn to music's formal aspects yet wholly untutored ... [he] produced technically 'finished' work almost entirely by instinct, his harmonic judgement based mainly on perfect pitch and an acute pair of ears ... [A] natural melodist—a creator of tunes capable of existing apart from their harmony".
Paul McCartney : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and "Helter Skelter".
Paul McCartney : On "Call Me Back Again", according to Benitez, "McCartney shines as a bluesy solo vocalist" while MacDonald called "I'm Down" "a rock-and-roll classic" that "illustrates McCartney's vocal and stylistic versatility".
Paul McCartney : Benitez identified "Hope of Deliverance" and "Put It There" as examples of McCartney's folk music efforts while musicologist Walter Everett considered "When I'm Sixty-Four" and "Honey Pie" attempts at vaudeville.
Paul McCartney : Following the break-up of the Beatles, McCartney's music continued to be released by Apple Records under the Beatles' 1967 recording contract with EMI which ran until 1976.
Paul McCartney : In 1982, McCartney collaborated with Stevie Wonder on the Martin-produced number-one hit "Ebony and Ivory", included on McCartney's "Tug of War" LP, and with Michael Jackson on "The Girl Is Mine" from "Thriller".
Paul McCartney : After the Beatles broke up in 1970, McCartney continued his musical career with his first solo release, "McCartney", a US number-one album.
Paul McCartney : MacDonald identified "She's a Woman" as the turning point when McCartney's bass playing began to evolve dramatically, and Beatles biographer Chris Ingham singled out "Rubber Soul" as the moment when McCartney's playing exhibited significant progress, particularly on "The Word".
Paul McCartney : MacDonald described "Helter Skelter" as an early attempt at heavy metal, and "Hey Jude" as a "pop/rock hybrid", pointing out McCartney's "use of gospel-style melismas" in the song and his "pseudo-soul shrieking in the fade-out".
Paul McCartney : The following year, McCartney went out on tour with a band that included guitarists Rusty Anderson and Brian Ray, accompanied by Paul "Wix" Wickens on keyboards and Abe Laboriel, Jr. on drums.
Paul McCartney : McCartney then formed a band consisting of himself and Linda, with Hamish Stuart and Robbie McIntosh on guitars, Paul "Wix" Wickens on keyboards and Chris Whitten on drums.
Paul McCartney : MacDonald described "I've Got a Feeling" as a "raunchy, mid-tempo rocker" with a "robust and soulful" vocal performance and "Back in the U.S.S.R." as "the last of [the Beatles'] up-tempo rockers", McCartney's "belting" vocals among his best since "Drive My Car", recorded three years earlier.
Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun : He is an ethnic Khmu.
Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun : He is also the first Cardinal from Laos.
Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun : Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun I.V.D.
Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun : On 21 May 2017, Pope Francis announced his intention to make Mangkhanekhoun a cardinal.
Reuven Rivlin : He is a member of the Likud party.
Reuven Rivlin : After military service, he studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Reuven Rivlin : He is a descendant of students of the Vilna Gaon.
Reuven Rivlin : He was first elected to the 12th Knesset in 1988, and served as Likud chairman from 1988 to 1993.
Reuven Rivlin : Reuven Rivlin was born in Jerusalem during the Mandate era to the Rivlin family, which has lived in Jerusalem since 1809.
Reuven Rivlin : Reuven "Ruvi" Rivlin (, ; born 9 September 1939) is an Israeli politician and lawyer who has served as the 10th and current President of Israel since 2014.
Reuven Rivlin : When Netanyahu was a unable to do so, Rivlin gave the opportunity to Benny Gantz.
Kjell Carlström : He won the Finnish national road race title in 2000, 2004 and 2011.
Kjell Carlström : Kjell Carlström (born 18 October 1976) is a retired Finnish road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2002 and 2011.
Kjell Carlström : His best performance in the Tour de France was a second place stage finish on stage 8 in the 2006 race.
Shane Dawson : In November 2009, Dawson was featured on "Attack of the Show!".
Shane Dawson : and numerous parodies of popular music videos.
Shane Dawson : In 2010, "Forbes" magazine named him their 25th most famous web celebrity.
Shane Dawson : Shane Lee Yaw (born July 19, 1988), known professionally as Shane Dawson, is an American YouTuber, actor, writer, comedian, director, make-up artist and musician.
Sergio Sánchez Ortega : Born in Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, Sánchez was a product of RCD Espanyol's youth system.
Sergio Sánchez Ortega : On 23 June 2011, Sánchez left Sevilla and joined neighbours Málaga CF for €2.8 million, signing a four-year contract.
Sergio Sánchez Ortega : In July 2008, Sánchez returned to Espanyol, scoring his first official goal for the club in a 1–1 home draw with Getafe CF on 20 September.
Šime Vrsaljko : He made his national team debut on 9 February 2011 in a friendly match versus the Czech Republic.
Šime Vrsaljko : However, just a week after being withdrawn from the final list, he was called up again due to injury of Hamburger SV player Ivo Iličević.
Šime Vrsaljko : On 22 July 2014 Vrsaljko signed for Serie A side Sassuolo for €3.5 million plus bonuses of €2 million.
Šime Vrsaljko : On 12 July 2013 Vrsaljko joined Serie A side Genoa for €4.6 million.
Šime Vrsaljko : Šime Vrsaljko (; born 10 January 1992) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Croatian national team.
Šime Vrsaljko : On 31 July 2018, Vrsaljko joined Italian side Inter Milan on an initial one-year loan with the option to buy.
Šime Vrsaljko : He received his first call to the Croatia national football team on 2 November 2010 for the Euro 2012 qualifier against Malta.
Sebastian Prödl : Sebastian Prödl (born 21 June 1987) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a defender for the Austrian national team.
Sebastian Prödl : After the tournament was over he was the only Austrian voted into the U-20 World Cup line-up by Italian magazine "Gazzetta dello Sport".
Sebastian Prödl : Aged 19, Prödl began his professional career playing for Sturm Graz in the Austrian Bundesliga making his debut on 9 December 2006 in a 3–0 loss against SV Mattersburg.
Víctor Fernández : He was sacked on 30 September 2013, due to poor results.
Víctor Fernández : He left the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in 2017, and on 17 December 2018 he returned to Zaragoza for a third stint as manager replacing the sacked Lucas Alcaraz.
Víctor Fernández : Víctor Fernández Braulio (born 28 November 1960) is a Spanish football coach, currently in charge of Real Zaragoza.
Víctor Fernández : From 2002 to 2004 he worked with fellow top flight team Real Betis, respectively finishing eighth and ninth in his two years.
Milton Cruz : Milton da Cruz (born 1 August 1957), known as Milton Cruz, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward, and is the manager.
Booba : In 2011, Booba won the "My Youtubes"contest, ahead of popular artists like Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga, Eminem, Jay-Z, Sexion D'Assaut, Shakira, Stromae...
Booba : Élie Yaffa was born on December 9, 1976, in the outskirts of Paris in Sèvres.
Mirko Celestino : Mirko Celestino (born 19 March 1974 in Albenga) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist, specializing in the classic cycle races.
Max Romeo : He joined up with UK rhythm section/production team Mafia & Fluxy in 1998 for the album "Selassie I Forever".
Max Romeo : Romeo visited the UK again in 1992, recording albums "Fari – Captain of My Ship" (1992) and "Our Rights" (1995) with Jah Shaka.
Max Romeo : Max Romeo (born Maxwell Livingston Smith, 22 November 1944) is a Jamaican reggae and roots reggae recording artist who has achieved chart success in his home country and in the United Kingdom.
Bolo Yeung : Bolo met Bruce Lee while the two were filming a Winston cigarettes commercial.
Bolo Yeung : He left Shaw Brothers in 1971.
Bolo Yeung : Yang Sze (; born 3 July 1946), better known as Bolo Yeung (Pronounced "Yeeng"), is a Chinese former competitive bodybuilder, martial artist and a martial arts film actor.
Daigo Kobayashi : In the same year, they were relegated from the J1 League, which marked his end in Tokyo.
Daigo Kobayashi : He signed for Omiya Ardija at the start of the 2006 season and quickly became their star player.
Daigo Kobayashi : The club's successes were limited and after the 2008 season, he was offered the chance to go on trial at Norwegian club Stabæk.
Daigo Kobayashi : On 27 January 2010, Kobayashi signed on a free transfer to the Greek team Iraklis Thessaloniki for 18 months.
Daigo Kobayashi : The club declined to offer him a contract for the 2014 season and his rights were traded to New England Revolution before the start of the season in exchange for a fourth-round pick in the 2016 MLS SuperDraft.
Daigo Kobayashi : In March 2018, Kobayashi joined Las Vegas Lights FC.
Daigo Kobayashi : At the end of the 2010–11 season he returned to Japan, signing a deal with Shimizu S-Pulse.
Daigo Kobayashi : On 8 March, he made his official debut for Stabæk in the 2009 Super Cup where the league champions won 3–1 against cup champions Vålerenga, with Kobayashi playing an important part, getting on the score-sheet with a free kick and showing trickery with the ball.
Daigo Kobayashi : He started up his professional career at Tokyo Verdy where he won the 2004 Emperor's Cup and the 2005 Japanese Super Cup.
Daigo Kobayashi : He also represented Japan U20 at the AFC Youth Championship in 2002, where they came second, after losing 1–0 in against South Korea in the final.
Daigo Kobayashi : He earned his first cap for Japan in a friendly match against Trinidad and Tobago on 9 August 2006, coming on as a 56th-minute substitute for Koji Yamase.
Daigo Kobayashi : He represented Japan U-20 national team at the World Youth Championship in 2003, where they reached the quarter-finals before being beaten by eventual champions Brazil.
Daigo Kobayashi : During January 2013 he went on trial with Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the MLS.
Dudu Aouate : Wanting first-team action, he was loaned to Hapoel Nazareth Illit F.C.
Dudu Aouate : David "Dudu" Aouate (, "pronounced Dūdū Ahwaht"; born 17 October 1977) is an Israeli retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Ragnar Klavan : On 19 November 2004, his loan was extended for a year until 30 November 2005.
Ragnar Klavan : Klavan and his wife, Lili Orel, married on 10 June 2011.
Ragnar Klavan : On 4 August 2005, Klavan signed a three-year contract with Eredivisie club Heracles Almelo for a fee of €200,000.
Ragnar Klavan : Ragnar Klavan (born 30 October 1985) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian club Cagliari and captains the Estonia national team.
Ragnar Klavan : On 2 July 2012, Klavan signed a two-year contract with German club FC Augsburg for an undisclosed fee.
Ragnar Klavan : On 29 July 2010, Klavan scored his first goal for AZ in a 2–0 home win against IFK Göteborg in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League.
Hidetoshi Nakata : Outside football, Nakata has shown interest in fashion, attending runway shows, wearing designer clothing and sporting colorful haircuts.
Hidetoshi Nakata : During his season at Bolton, which would be the last of his professional career, he scored once in the league, in a 2–0 win over West Bromwich Albion.
Hidetoshi Nakata : Nakata began his professional career at age 18 in 1995, with J1 League side Bellmare Hiratsuka (now Shonan Bellmare).
Yoshirō Mori : His mother died when Yoshiro was seven years old.
Yoshirō Mori : He was education minister in 1983 and 1984, international trade and industry minister in 1992 and 1993, and construction minister in 1995 and 1996.
Yoshirō Mori : Even prior to his election as prime minister, he had been described in the Japanese media as having "the heart of a flea and the brain of a shark."
Yoshirō Mori : In 1962, he left the newspaper and became secretary of a Diet member, and in the 1969 general election, he was elected in the lower house at age 32.
Yoshirō Mori : He studied at the Waseda University in Tokyo, joining the rugby union club.
Yoshirō Mori : After university, Mori joined the "Sankei Shimbun", a conservative newspaper in Japan.
Yoshirō Mori : In the midst of a battle with Liberal Party leader Ichirō Ozawa, Prime Minister Keizō Obuchi suffered a stroke and cerebral hemorrhage on 2 April 2000 and was unable to continue in office.
Yoshirō Mori : Yoshiro Mori was born in present-day Nomi, Ishikawa, Japan, as the son of Shigeki and Kaoru Mori, wealthy rice farmers with a history in politics, as both his father and grandfather served as the mayor of Neagari, Ishikawa Prefecture.
Tejay van Garderen : Tejay van Garderen (born August 12, 1988) is an American professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Robert K. Logan : Robert K. Logan (born August 31, 1939), originally trained as a physicist, is a media ecologist.
Robert K. Logan : His best known works are "The Alphabet Effect" – based on a paper Logan co-authored with McLuhan – which develops the hypothesis that the alphabet, codified law, monotheism, abstract science and deductive logic form an autocatalytic set of ideas that developed uniquely between 2000 BC and 500 BC between the Tigris-Euphrates river system and the Aegean Sea; "The Sixth Language: Learning a Living in the Internet Age" which deals with the hypothesis that speech, writing, math, science, computing and the Internet form an evolutionary chain of languages; "The Extended Mind: The Emergence of Language, the Human Mind and Culture" develops a model for the origin of language, the human mind and culture using ideas from "The Sixth Language".
Robert K. Logan : Logan has also been Chief Scientist at Strategic Innovation Lab at OCAD University in Toronto, Ontario since 2007, and a senior fellow at the university's Strategic Innovation Lab (sLab).
Robert K. Logan : In September 2010, Logan founded the McLuhan Legacy Network, a non-profit organization based in Toronto dedicated to renewing the legacy of Marshall McLuhan and celebrating the centenary of McLuhan's birth in 2011.
Robert K. Logan : After two post-doctoral appointments as a Research Associate at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (1965-7) and the University of Toronto (1967-8), he became a physics professor in 1968 at Toronto until his retirement in 2005.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Blanco is considered to be one of the greatest Mexican footballers of all time, as well as one of the best penalty takers of all time.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Mexico went on to win the match 3–0.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Cuauhtémoc Blanco Bravo (; born 17 January 1973) is a Mexican politician and former professional footballer who is the current Governor of Morelos under the coalition "Juntos Haremos Historia".
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Blanco was born in Mexico City, in the district of Tlatilco, but grew up in Tepito, where he learned to love playing football in the local fields.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Blanco was later loaned to Real Valladolid for the 2000–01 campaign.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : In January 2015, Blanco registered as a Social Democratic Party candidate for the municipal presidential elections of the city of Cuernavaca, the capital of the Mexican state of Morelos.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : On 1 July 2018, he won the 2018 gubernatorial elections by a landslide, becoming the first former footballer to win a state governor election in Mexico.
Cuauhtémoc Blanco : Blanco has played for Mexico at three World Cups; he was part of the squad at France '98, Korea-Japan 2002 and South Africa 2010.
Ján Svorada : Ján Svorada (born August 28, 1968 in Trenčín) is a retired Slovak and Czech road racing cyclist.
Ján Svorada : When Svorada won Stage 2 of the 1998 Tour de France he became a rarity in professional cycling because he at the point became a Tour de France stage winner who won at least one stage with two different nationalities, because his first stage win at the Tour de France (Stage 7 in 1994) was obtained as a Slovak cyclist, and now he won four years later as a Czech rider.
Bernhard Kohl : Kohl stated that he was "not surprised" by the arrest.
Bernhard Kohl : On 25 May 2009, he announced his retirement from the sport, claiming that it is "impossible to win without doping" in international cycling.
Bernhard Kohl : Bernhard Kohl (born 4 January 1982 in Vienna) is an Austrian former professional road bicycle racer and recognized climbing specialist.
Bernhard Kohl : On 24 November 2008, Kohl was banned for two years by the Austrian anti-doping agency (NADA).
Bernhard Kohl : If they ever are Denis Menchov of would become the third-place finisher, while Carlos Sastre of , overall winner of the Tour, would become winner of the mountains classification.
Bernhard Kohl : On 13 October 2008, "L'Equipe" announced that Kohl had tested positive for CERA (continuous erythropoitin receptor activator, a third-generation variant of erythropoietin, aka EPO) used during the Tour de France.
Bernhard Kohl : His biggest career achievements include becoming the Austrian national road race champion in 2006, finishing third place overall in the Dauphiné Libéré and winning the mountains classification in the 2008 Tour de France.
Martin Fröst : Fröst and his family live in Stockholm.
Martin Fröst : At age 8, he started to learn the clarinet.
Martin Fröst : He has been a conductor-in-association with the Norrköping Symphony Orchestra.
Martin Fröst : In the Unites States, in October 2014, Fröst first appeared with the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra (SPCO).
Martin Fröst : As a youth, Fröst began musical studies on violin at age 5.
Martin Fröst : Martin Fröst (born 14 December 1970) is a Swedish clarinetist and conductor.
Martin Fröst : Fröst's work in contemporary music includes collaborations with Anders Hillborg, Krzysztof Penderecki, Kalevi Aho, Rolf Martinsson, Bent Sørensen, Victoria Borisova-Ollas, Karin Rehnqvist and Sven-David Sandström.
Martin Fröst : He became joint artistic director of the Stavanger International Chamber Music Festival in 2010, and served in that until 2015.
Martin Fröst : Fröst was artistic leader of the Vinterfest music festival for 10 seasons, concluding his tenure in 2015.
Martin Fröst : He studied with Hans Deinzer in Germany and Sölve Kingstedt and Kjell-Inge Stevensson in Stockholm.
Martin Fröst : In May 2017, the Swedish Chamber Orchestra announced the appointment of Fröst as its next principal conductor, effective with the 2019–2020 season, with an initial contract of 3 seasons.
Steven Waddington : Waddington was born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, the younger child of Peter Waddington and Averill Stubbs.
Steven Waddington : He also appeared in Tim Burton's 1999 film version of "Sleepy Hollow" as Mr Killian.
Jean Bricmont : Jean Bricmont (; born 12 April 1952) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and philosopher of science.
Jean Bricmont : He has notably criticized postmodernist views of science along with Alan Sokal, with whom he wrote "Fashionable Nonsense" (1997).
Steven Adler : Compilation albums
Steven Adler : *@ Like a Suicide".
Steven Adler : After his father left the family, his mother moved with her children to Los Angeles, California.
Steven Adler : He has an older brother, Kenny, and a younger half-brother, Jamie.
Steven Adler : However, Adler's return to music was cut short the following September, when he pleaded no contest to two counts of battery stemming from attacks on two other women in separate domestic violence incidents.
Steven Adler : He was sentenced to a 150-day term in prison and three years' probation, with the condition of undergoing a year of domestic violence counseling and a ban on using illegal drugs.
Steven Adler : Adler grew up in the San Fernando Valley until the age of 13, when he was sent to live with his grandparents in Hollywood due to his bad behavior.
Steven Adler : The release was followed by a tour of the US, Europe, Japan, and Argentina.
Steven Adler : Steven took the surname Adler after his mother's marriage to Melvin Adler, who adopted her two oldest children.
Steven Adler : On the July 6, 2016 stop of the Not in This Lifetime... Tour in Cincinnati, Ohio, Adler joined Guns N' Roses for performances of "Out Ta Get Me" and "My Michelle", which marked his first appearance with the band since his firing in 1990.
Steven Adler : In 2018, guitarist Alex Grossi announced that Adler's Appetite will return to celebrate the 30th anniversary of "Appetite for Destruction".
Steven Adler : He appeared on the track "Baby Can't Drive", along with Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea, Alice Cooper, and Nicole Scherzinger.
Steven Adler : Adler was born Michael Coletti in Cleveland, Ohio, the son of an Italian-American father, Michael Coletti, and a Jewish American mother, Deanna.
Steven Adler : Steven Adler (born Michael Coletti; January 22, 1965) is an American musician.
Cédric Bakambu : Across the campaign, he was placed on the right wing by manager Hervé Renard until he would become sufficiently mentally mature for a centre-forward role.
Cédric Bakambu : On 19 August 2015, Spanish side Villarreal CF announced the signing of Bakambu on a five-year contract.
Cédric Bakambu : Sochaux, however, lost the match 4–3 on penalties.
Cédric Bakambu : The following month, he signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal with the club until June 2013.
Cédric Bakambu : He finished his only league season in Bursa with 13 goals in 27 games.
Cédric Bakambu : In the quarter-finals, he scored twice in each leg of a 6–3 aggregate win over Sparta Prague.
Cédric Bakambu : On 1 September 2014, Bakambu left France for the first time, moving on a four-year transfer to Turkey's Bursaspor for a fee of €1.8 million and an annual salary of €800,000.
Cédric Bakambu : Born in Vitry-sur-Seine, Val-de-Marne, Bakambu began his career at local US Ivry at the age of 10 before transferring to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard four years later.
Cédric Bakambu : On 1 May 2010, Bakambu played in the 2010 Coupe Gambardella Final and scored a goal for his team at the Stade de France.
Cédric Bakambu : He had previously scored a double in the team's 4–3 aggregate semi-final victory over FC Metz.
Cédric Bakambu : On 28 February 2018, the final day of the Chinese transfer window, Bakambu's protracted transfer from Villarreal to Beijing Sinobo Guoan was finally confirmed with the club paid his €40million (£35.4m) release clause, but Beijing did not announce the Congolese forward's signing amid confusion over whether they had to pay a 100 per cent levy on the transfer.
Cédric Bakambu : As Galatasaray won the double, Bursaspor faced them in the 2015 Turkish Super Cup on 8 August, with Bakambu playing the whole of the 1–0 loss.
Cédric Bakambu : On 17 January 2018, Bakambu rescinded his contract with Villarreal.
Cédric Bakambu : He was one of four strikers named in the competition's Squad of the Season, and his 9 goals put him only one behind the top scorer, Athletic Bilbao's Aritz Aduriz.
Cédric Bakambu : Cédric Bakambu (born 11 April 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Chinese club Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.
Cédric Bakambu : On 1 October 2017, Bakambu scored a hat-trick in a 3–0 home win over SD Eibar.
Cédric Bakambu : This tally included trebles in a 5–0 win at Mersin İdmanyurdu on 27 January and a 3–0 victory over Fatih Karagümrük S.K.
Cédric Bakambu : In the season's domestic cup, Bakambu was the top scorer with eight goals in 12 games as his team reached the final before a 3–2 home loss to Galatasaray.
Cédric Bakambu : A year and nine days later, as a 66th-minute replacement for King Osanga, he scored twice in a 3–2 extra-time home win over Evian Thonon Gaillard F.C.
Cédric Bakambu : On 17 September 2011, Bakambu scored his first professional goal, the first equaliser in a 2–2 draw at Lille OSC, eleven minutes after replacing Carlāo.
Cédric Bakambu : He made his debut in the Süper Lig twelve days later, replacing Ozan İpek in the 55th minute of a 2–1 win at Gençlerbirliği S.K.. His first goals for the "Green Crocodiles" came on 19 October, in either half of a 2–2 draw against Eskişehirspor at the Bursa Atatürk Stadium, and six days later he scored a first professional hat-trick in a 5–0 win at Balıkesirspor.
Cédric Bakambu : Bakambu played his first game in European competition on 17 September, again as a substitute in a 2–1 loss at SK Rapid Wien in the group stage of the season's UEFA Europa League.
Cédric Bakambu : On 22 October, he scored his first goals in the tournament, a first-half double in a 4–0 home win over FC Dinamo Minsk; he added another two the following 10 March against Bayer Leverkusen in the first leg of the last 16 (2–0 win, same aggregate).
Cédric Bakambu : Bakambu scored seven goals in 31 appearances over the 2013–14 Ligue 1 season, in which Sochaux were relegated; this included two on 21 December in a 2–1 home win over Stade Rennais.
Seydou Keita : On 5 June 2014, Keita signed a one-year contract with Serie A club A.S. Roma.
Seydou Keita : Seydou Keïta (anglicised to Keita; born 16 January 1980) is a Malian former professional footballer.
Seydou Keita : On 26 May 2008, Keita agreed to a four-year deal with FC Barcelona who paid his €14 million buy-out clause (making Lens eligible to receive €1.3 million from Sevilla).
Seydou Keita : On 25 October 2009, Keita scored his first career hat-trick, in a 6–1 home win against Real Zaragoza, and contributed with 29 games – 23 starts – as Barcelona renewed its domestic supremacy.
Maykel Galindo : Galindo then made the senior squad for the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup, to be played in the United States.
Maykel Galindo : Galindo stayed with FC Dallas for the 2011 campaign.
Maykel Galindo : Maykel Galindo Castañeda (born January 28, 1981 in Villa Clara) is a Cuban footballer.
Vin Baker : After four years in Seattle, Baker was traded to the Boston Celtics with Shammond Williams for Kenny Anderson, Vitaly Potapenko and Joseph Forte.
Vin Baker : Vincent Lamont Baker (born November 23, 1971) is an American retired professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Chester Williams : In total he played 27 games for the Springboks, scoring 14 tries and a total of 70 points.
Chester Williams : Chester Mornay Williams (8 August 1970 – 6 September 2019) was a South African rugby union player.
Chester Williams : He was the first non-white player to be included in the Springboks squad since Errol Tobias and his uncle Avril Williams in the early 1980s.
Aron Gunnarsson : He made his debut on 7 August in the first match of the new season, playing the full 90 minutes in the 1–0 away win over West Ham United.
Aron Gunnarsson : He was out of contract at the end of the season and on 10 December, Aron stated his desire to stay at Coventry.
Aron Gunnarsson : However a deal for a new contract couldn't be reached between his agent and Coventry, and at the end of the season the club gave him a deadline date to agree to stay.
Aron Gunnarsson : However the following week, he received his first red card of his career against Norwich City.
Aron Gunnarsson : Aron made his international debut for Iceland on 2 February 2008.
Aron Gunnarsson : His first league goal came against Crystal Palace.
Aron Gunnarsson : Aron Einar Malmquist Gunnarsson (born 22 April 1989) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Arabi and captains the Icelandic national team.
Aron Gunnarsson : Coventry City started the 2010–11 season strongly looking like they were pushing for play-off places.
Aron Gunnarsson : After three years at Coventry, he scored his first goal at Coventry City's home ground, the Ricoh Arena, against Preston North End.
Aron Gunnarsson : In his second match, Aron limped off with an ankle injury after only ten minutes against Bristol City, the injury sidelining him for a week.
Aron Gunnarsson : The following season, Aron changed his shirt number from 12 to 17, to mirror the squad number of his brother, who is a professional handball player.
Aron Gunnarsson : Born in Akureyri, Aron began playing football in his native Iceland on gravel pitches.
Aron Gunnarsson : Aron opened his season's goal scoring count with a goal against newly promoted, Millwall, despite Coventry losing 3–1.
Aron Gunnarsson : He made his debut on the opening day of the Championship season against Norwich City, where Coventry won 2–0.
Aron Gunnarsson : He scored his first career goal on 14 February 2009 in an FA Cup match against Premier League side Blackburn Rovers.
Aron Gunnarsson : Three days later, Aron scored his second goal in two matches against Doncaster Rovers.
Aron Gunnarsson : On 22 October, Aron scored two goals in a 5–3 victory against Barnsley, receiving the man of the match award.
Aron Gunnarsson : During his time at Coventry, Aron attracted Premier League interest leading Coventry City to offer him an improved deal on 12 March.
Aron Gunnarsson : Aron played the entirety of the 2012 Football League Cup Final, as City were beaten 3–2 on penalties after by Premier League club Liverpool at Wembley Stadium.
Tom Hiddleston : He proceeded to study acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, from which he graduated in 2005.
Tom Hiddleston : His father is from Greenock, Scotland and his mother is from Suffolk.
Tom Hiddleston : Hiddleston was raised in Wimbledon in his early years, and later moved to a village near Oxford.
Tom Hiddleston : His younger sister, Emma, is also an actress, whilst his older sister, Sarah, is a journalist in India.
Tom Hiddleston : He continued on to Pembroke College at the University of Cambridge, where he earned a double first in Classics.
Tom Hiddleston : During his second term at Cambridge, he was seen in a production of "A Streetcar Named Desire" by talent agent Lorraine Hamilton of Hamilton Hodell.
Tom Hiddleston : He had a cameo in the 2014 film "Muppets Most Wanted", as the Great Escapo.
Tom Hiddleston : In 2011, Hiddleston portrayed novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald in writer-director Woody Allen's "Midnight in Paris".
Tom Hiddleston : Thomas William Hiddleston was born on 9 February 1981 in Westminster, London, the son of Diana Patricia ("née" Servaes) Hiddleston, an arts administrator and former stage manager, and Dr. James Norman Hiddleston, a physical chemist and former managing director of a biotech company that liaised with Oxford University.
Tom Hiddleston : He came to wider public attention when cast as Loki in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, appearing in "Thor" (2011), "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2013), "" (2017), "" (2018), and "" (2019).
Tom Hiddleston : Thomas William Hiddleston (born 9 February 1981) is an English actor, film producer, and musician.
Tom Hiddleston : In 2012, he reprised his role as the supervillain Loki in "The Avengers".
Tom Hiddleston : He has also appeared in Steven Spielberg's "War Horse" (2011), "The Deep Blue Sea" (2011), Woody Allen's romantic comedy "Midnight in Paris" (2011), the 2012 BBC series "Henry IV" and "Henry V", and the romantic vampire film "Only Lovers Left Alive" (2013).
John Godina : John Carl Godina (born May 31, 1972) is an American shot putter, whose record includes three World Championship wins and two Olympic medals.
John Godina : In the same discipline, he finished second in the 1996 Olympics and third in the 2000 Olympics.
Tan Long : Tan started playing football when he was six.
Tan Long : He also was selected for the All-League First Team.
Tan Long : His contract was not renewed at the end of the 2013 season and he was released.
Tan Long : Tan was later released after the end of the season.
Tan Long : Tan was named to the All-League Second Team for his efforts.
Tan Long : Tan played for Arizona United in 2016.
Tan Long : Tan signed a contract with the club on March 11, 2011.
Tan Long : He received a ban of four matches at the beginning of 2014 season when he was registered at the Chinese Football Association for age falsification which he changed his age from April 1, 1988 to February 2, 1989.
Tan Long : He went on trial with the club in November 2010 in view of signing with the club following their move up to Major League Soccer.
Tan Long : He scored his first goal against the Chicago Fire in a 4–2 win for D.C. United.
Tan Long : Between 1994 and 2004, he studied academics and played football at the Zhongshan School in his hometown Dalian before moving to Shanghai to further his career.
Tan Long : Tan played seven matches for Harbin before he was released by the club on July 5, 2014.
Tan Long : He attended open tryouts for MLS’s Philadelphia Union, but did not get called back after the first round of workouts, and eventually signed with FC Tampa Bay of the new USSF Division 2 Professional League in January 2010.
Tan Long : He subsequently played for Shanghai United's youth team before joining second tier club Pudong Zobon in 2008 in the China League One division.
Tan Long : He again led United with 14 goals in 27 games and was tied for fourth in league play along with Luke Vercollone of Colorado Springs.
Tan Long : On April 6, 2013, Tan scored a goal and assisted on another during his debut for Orlando in a 3–1 victory over Phoenix FC.
Tan Long : Tan Long (; born April 1, 1988), former name Tan Xin (), is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the China League One.
Tan Long : In the fourth round of the 2013 U.S. Open Cup, he scored in the second minute in a 1–0 victory against defending champions Sporting Kansas City to bring his club to the next round.
Tan Long : On October 21, 2014, it was announced that Tan had signed a multi-year contract for the club before the 2015 USL season.
Tan Long : He made his senior debut and scored his first professional goal on April 29, 2007, in a 2–1 home defeat to Beijing Institute of Technology.
Tan Long : On October 12, 2011, Tan become the first Chinese-born player to score a goal in the league, against D.C. United.
Tan Long : Tan relocated to the United States in late 2008, and played for the Atlanta Blackhawks in the USL Premier Development League in 2009, scoring 7 goals in 12 appearances.
Tan Long : Whitecaps FC traded Tan to D.C. United on June 28, 2012 in exchange for a third-round 2015 MLS SuperDraft pick.
Tan Long : Tan was loaned to the Tampa Bay Rowdies after the end of the USL season on September 22, 2015.
Tan Long : Tan's rights were traded to Vancouver Whitecaps FC as part of the deal taking Jonny Steele and Ricardo Sánchez to Tampa Bay on July 20, 2010.
Tan Long : Tan then signed with USL Professional Division club Orlando City on February 6, 2013.
Tan Long : He made his debut for the club on March 26, 2011 in a 1–0 loss to Philadelphia Union, and in doing so became the first Chinese-born player to play for a Major League Soccer club.
Tan Long : On February 21, 2014, Tan returned to China and joined Chinese Super League newcomer Harbin Yiteng.
Tan Long : On January 22, 2017, Tan transferred to Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai.
Tan Long : His first goal in the Chinese Super League came in a 1–0 win against Henan Jianye on April 23, 2017, when he scored the winning goal as Changchun Yatai secured their first win of the season.
Tan Long : He made his debut for Changchun on March 4, 2017, in a 5–1 away defeat against Shanghai SIPG, coming on as a substitute for Zhou Dadi in the half time.
Tan Long : Tan returned to the United States and signed with USL Pro club Arizona United SC on July 11, 2014.
Ikechukwu Uche : Uche's older brother, Kalu Uche, was also a footballer.
Ikechukwu Uche : Uche made his debut for Nigeria in 2007.
Ikechukwu Uche : Ikechukwu Uche (born 5 January 1984) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker.
Ikechukwu Uche : Uche appeared for Nigeria in two Africa Cup of Nations.
Ikechukwu Uche : On 10 August 2016, Uche agreed to a one-year deal with Gimnàstic de Tarragona in the Spanish second division.
Ikechukwu Uche : He was part of the squad that competed in the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations in Ghana, helping the "Super Eagles" to the quarter-finals.
Karen Karapetyan : Karen Vilhelmi Karapetyan (, "Karen Vilhelmi Karapetyan"; born 14 August 1963) is an Armenian politician who was Prime Minister of Armenia from September 2016 until April 2018.
Karen Karapetyan : He was previously Mayor of Yerevan, the capital, from 2010 to 2011.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla : In 1993, he migrated to Japan and the next year, at the age of 34, he returned to Paraguay and retired from professional football by playing again in Olimpia, where he is one of the most loved former players by the fans.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla : Raúl Vicente Amarilla (born 19 July 1960 in Luque) is a retired Paraguayan footballer who played as a striker.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla : Afterwards, Amarilla was named the assistant coach of Anibal Ruiz for the Paraguayan national team during the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification and the 2006 World Cup.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla : Amarilla returned to Real Zaragoza where he gained success by leading the team in scoring in the 1982–83 season, finishing as the second best scorer in La Liga.
Raúl Vicente Amarilla : Amarilla made his debut in his hometown team, Sportivo Luqueño at the age of 17.
Dan Rather : He also frequently contributed to CBS's weekly news magazine "60 Minutes".
Dan Rather : He has received numerous Emmy Awards, several Peabody Awards, and various honorary degrees from universities.
Dan Rather : In January 1954, Rather enlisted in the United States Marine Corps and was sent to Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego but was soon discharged because he omitted disclosing that he had rheumatic fever as a child.
Dan Rather : At Sam Houston, he was a member of the Caballeros, the founding organization of the Epsilon Psi chapter of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
Dan Rather : The Rathers moved to Houston, where Dan attended Love Elementary School and Hamilton Middle School.
Dan Rather : He graduated in 1950 from John H. Reagan High School in Houston.
Dan Rather : After obtaining his undergraduate degree, Rather briefly attended South Texas College of Law in Houston, which would later award him an honorary Juris Doctor in 1990.
Dan Rather : Along with Peter Jennings at ABC News and Tom Brokaw at NBC News, he was one of the "Big Three" nightly news anchors in the U.S. from the 1980s through the early 2000s.
Dan Rather : In 1953, he earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from Sam Houston State University where he was editor of the school newspaper, "The Houstonian".
Kristaps Valters : He was a member of the Latvian national basketball team participating in four EuroBasket tournaments (2001, 2003, 2005 and 2009).
Kristaps Valters : On December 3, 2014 he signed with Türk Telekom.
Kristaps Valters : For the 2011–12 season he signed with Unicaja Málaga, helping team to reach Euroleague's Top16.
Kristaps Valters : Kristaps Valters (born September 18, 1981).
Darren Hayes : In late 2008, the DVD "This Delicate Film We've Made" was announced.
Darren Hayes : He released his fourth studio album in October 2011.
Darren Hayes : On 30 June 2007, Hayes headlined the London Gay Pride at Trafalgar Square.
Darren Hayes : Darren Stanley Hayes (born 8 May 1972) is an Australian singer-songwriter, and podcaster.
Darren Hayes : Hayes spent two years working on his second solo album, "The Tension and the Spark".
Darren Hayes : In mid-2010, Hayes announced the completion of recording his fourth solo album, "Secret Codes and Battleships", featuring three songs co-written and produced by Brian West and mixed by Robert Orton, who is best known for working with Lady Gaga.
Riad Sattouf : Riad Sattouf was born in Paris, to a Syrian father and French mother, and spent his childhood in Libya and Syria, then returned to France to spend his teenage years in Brittany, studying in Rennes.
Riad Sattouf : Although he was studying to become a pilot, he applied to study at École Pivaut and then Gobelins L'Ecole de L'Image to study animation.
Riad Sattouf : From 2004 to 2014, he published a weekly strip in the satirical French weekly "Charlie Hebdo" entitled "La vie secrète des jeunes", recounting real life anecdotes.
Riad Sattouf : The famous cartoonist Olivier Vatine noticed his talent and introduced him to Guy Delcourt, the owner of Delcourt, a publisher specializing in cartoons.
Riad Sattouf : Riad Sattouf (; born 5 May 1978) is a French cartoonist, comic artist, and film director of Franco-Syrian origin.
Riad Sattouf : In late 2014, he left Charlie Hebdo and moved to Le Nouvel Obs, a weekly magazine, with a new strip called Les cahiers d'Esther (Esther's notebooks), based on true stories told to him by Esther A., a girl who was 9 years old when the strip started.
Bobo Baldé : Four SPL games later he scored his first Celtic goal on 20 October 2001 against Dundee United at Celtic Park.
Bobo Baldé : Dianbobo "Bobo" Baldé (born 5 October 1975) is a French-born Guinean professional footballer.
Marko Arnautović : After an investigation by the Dutch Football Association they found no evidence against him and the case was dismissed.
Marko Arnautović : He played one more match for Inter against Atalanta on 24 April 2010.
Marko Arnautović : He was assigned the number 10 shirt by manager Mark Hughes who also described his signing as a coup—"People will very quickly see what an outstanding talent he is.
Marko Arnautović : In July 2008, he extended his contract with Twente despite interest from Dutch giant Feyenoord.
Marko Arnautović : In March 2012, he was ruled out for two months with a knee ligament injury he suffered whilst playing with his dog.
Marko Arnautović : A full international with over 80 caps for Austria since 2008, he helped the nation to qualify for UEFA Euro 2016.
Marko Arnautović : He joined German side Werder Bremen in June 2010 and became a regular member of the first team.
Marko Arnautović : At the end of the season Inter decided against turning his loan in a permanent move and José Mourinho stated that Arnautović "is a fantastic person but has the attitude of a child".
Marko Arnautović : Marko Arnautović (; born 19 April 1989) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai SIPG.
Marko Arnautović : Before he had played a match for Bremen he irked their captain Torsten Frings who branded him as "arrogant".
Marko Arnautović : FC Köln on 28 August 2010, his first goals for Bremen.
Marko Arnautović : Despite this he was scouted by Dutch club FC Twente who signed him in 2006.
Marko Arnautović : He scored four goals in the 10 games, but Austria's fourth-place finish would not be enough for qualification.
Marko Arnautović : In November, new manager David Moyes said that Arnautović had to work harder and be more of a team player or be dropped.
Marko Arnautović : In April 2013, Arnautović and his Bremen teammate Eljero Elia were caught speeding and were both suspended by the club.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović scored twice against 1.
Marko Arnautović : In April 2018, he was named as Hammer of the Year for the 2017–18 season.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović began his career with his brother Danijel at Floridsdorfer AC.
Marko Arnautović : On 4 June 2010, German Bundesliga club Werder Bremen confirmed that they had signed Arnautović from Twente on a four-year deal.
Marko Arnautović : After spending a month at the club, manager Hughes stated that Arnautović had adapted well to English football after being given a free-role in the side.
Marko Arnautović : He scored his first goals for Austria in a 3–0 win over Azerbaijan on 8 October 2010.
Marko Arnautović : He played in their next match against Siena coming on as a substitute at half time for the injured Dejan Stanković and helped Inter to win the match 4–3.
Marko Arnautović : He impressed at De Grolsch Veste and after a fine 2008–09 season he joined Italian giants Inter Milan on loan, where he made only three appearances due to injury.
Marko Arnautović : In March 2009 after a league match against Willem II, one of Twente opponents, Ibrahim Kargbo, accused Arnautović of racially abusing him.
Marko Arnautović : He scored his first goal for the club on 9 December, the only one of a win over reigning champions Chelsea at the London Stadium, in what was Moyes' first victory as West Ham manager.
Marko Arnautović : He made his unofficial debut for Inter in a friendly match on 5 September 2009 against Swiss team, Lugano, the final score was 3–3.
Marko Arnautović : After making little impact in the first few matches of the 2014–15 season, Arnautović lost his place in the side.
Marko Arnautović : He joined West Ham United in July 2017 for a fee of £20 million, and two years later Shanghai SIPG for £22.4 million.
Marko Arnautović : In his next game six days later, he was sent off after 33 minutes for elbowing Southampton's Jack Stephens in a 3–2 away loss.
Marko Arnautović : He played 35 times in 2014–15 season as Stoke finished in ninth position.
Marko Arnautović : After scoring three goals in five matches for the Austria U21s, Arnautović earned praise from manager Andreas Herzog who described him the best Austrian footballer of 30 years.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović's future at Stoke was cast in doubt prior to the start of the 2017–18 season after he submitted a transfer request.
Marko Arnautović : In 1998, he joined FK Austria Wien but behaviour issues saw him change club regularly as in the next six years he played for First Vienna FC 1894, a second spell at FK Austria Wien, SK Rapid Wien before he returned to Floridsdorfer AC.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović began his career in his native Austria playing in the youth teams for a number of clubs in the Vienna area before he signed a contract with Dutch club Twente in 2006.
Marko Arnautović : He scored the only goal of the League Cup semi-final second leg against Liverpool on 26 January 2016, forcing a penalty shootout which his team eventually lost.
Marko Arnautović : He made his league debut in a 1–0 away victory against Chievo on 6 January 2010.
Marko Arnautović : He followed this with a goal in his first return to the bet365 Stadium in a 0–3 win against Stoke City on 16 December.
Marko Arnautović : On 28 December, Arnautović won a last-minute penalty kick against Everton at Goodison Park when he was fouled by John Stones, and sent it past goalkeeper Tim Howard to win the match 4–3.
Marko Arnautović : He made his Bundesliga debut on 21 August 2010 in a 4–1 defeat against Hoffenheim.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović played with the Austrian under-19 side in the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship where he was sent-off in their second match and failed to make it out of the group stage.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović made his Stoke debut twelve days later in a 0–0 draw against Manchester City at the Britannia Stadium.
Marko Arnautović : On 26 October, he scored his first goal for Stoke, a 25-yard free-kick in a 3–2 defeat against Manchester United.
Marko Arnautović : He made his debut on 13 August, playing the full 90 minutes of a 4–0 loss to Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Marko Arnautović : In 2011–12, he scored six goals in 20 appearances as Bremen finished in ninth position in the Bundesliga.
Marko Arnautović : He made 16 appearances in 2007–08 as Twente finished in fourth position and qualified for the UEFA Champions League.
Marko Arnautović : On 2 September 2013, Arnautović joined Premier League side Stoke City on a four-year contract for a fee of £2 million.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović made his professional debut for FC Twente in the 2006–07 season as a substitute for Kennedy Bakircioglu against PSV Eindhoven in April 2007.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović ended his first season in England with five goals in 35 appearances, and the team finished in ninth position in the Premier League.
Marko Arnautović : In 2012–13, Arnautović played in 27 matches and scored five goals which included a hat-trick on 2 December 2012 away at Hoffenheim, including an impressive free kick, as Bremen won 4–1.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović's first appearance of the 2015–16 season came in a 2–2 draw with Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on 15 August, scoring the team's first goal as they came back from 2–0 down.
Marko Arnautović : Arnautović scored 22 goals in 24 matches for the Under-19 FC Twente in the 2007–08 season, helping them win the youth championship.
Marko Arnautović : In the 2008–09 season Arnautović scored 14 goals in 41 matches as Twente finished 2nd in the Eredivisie and reached the knock out phase of the UEFA Cup.
Marko Arnautović : On 22 July 2017, Arnautović signed for fellow Premier League team West Ham United on a five-year contract for a club record £20 million fee, which could rise to £25 million with add-ons.
Mark Harmon : Harmon worked as a carpenter before making a success of his acting career.
Mark Harmon : He has appeared in a wide variety of roles since the early 1970s.
Mark Harmon : Harmon has been married to actress Pam Dawber since March 21, 1987.
Mark Harmon : Following its cancellation, he landed the role of Dr. Robert Caldwell on the series "St.
Mark Harmon : Harmon received the 2482nd star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame on October 1, 2012.
Mark Harmon : After transferring to the University of California, Los Angeles, he played starting quarterback for the 1972 and 1973 Bruins.
Mark Harmon : Thomas Mark Harmon (born September 2, 1951) is an American television and film actor.
Mark Harmon : This was followed by guest roles in episodes of "Adam-12", "Police Woman", and "Emergency!"
Mark Harmon : Harmon was the brother-in-law of Ricky Nelson and John DeLorean and is the uncle of actress Tracy Nelson and singers Matthew and Gunnar Nelson of the rock duo Nelson.
Mark Harmon : Starting that September, Harmon has starred as Gibbs in the CBS drama "NCIS", a role which has earned him six nominations at the People's Choice Awards including a win for Favorite TV Crime Drama Actor in 2017.
Nelson Gutiérrez : Nelson Daniel Gutiérrez Luongo (born April 13, 1962 in Montevideo) is a retired football defender from Uruguay, who was nicknamed Tano.
Nelson Gutiérrez : He obtained a total number of 57 international caps for the Uruguay national football team, and was a member of the team that competed at the 1986 and 1990 FIFA World Cups.
Nelson Gutiérrez : 1982 also saw Peñarol win the Copa Libertadores and the Copa Intercontinental against Aston Villa F.C.
Yann Tiersen : by Christine Carrière.
Yann Tiersen : His most famous soundtrack for the film "Amélie" was primarily made up of tracks taken from his first three studio albums.
Yann Tiersen : Tiersen's skills as a composer of film scores were much in demand, and the soundtrack for "Amélie" was soon followed by the film score for "Good Bye, Lenin!
Yann Tiersen : Yann Tiersen (born 23 June 1970) is a French musician and composer.
Yann Tiersen : Tiersen's pieces are also featured on "Alice et Martin" by André Téchiné, and "Qui plume la lune?"
Yann Tiersen : His music involves a large variety of instruments; primarily the guitar, piano, synthesizer or violin together with instruments like the melodica, xylophone, toy piano, harpsichord, accordion and typewriter.
Yann Tiersen : The album was characterized by several contributions including 35-member Ensemble Orchestral Synaxis conducted by Guillaume Bourgogne, viola player Bertrand Lambert, violinists Yann Bisquay and Sophie Naboulay, Natacha Régnier, and saxophonist Grégoire Simon, and long-time collaborators Dominique A, Christine Ott, Lisa Germano, Neil Hannon, Têtes Raides, Christian Quermalet, Marc Sens, and Sacha Toorop.
Gregorio Ladino : Gregorio Ladino Vega (born January 18, 1973 in San Mateo, Boyacá) is a Colombian former professional road cyclist.
Pat Rice : He also won 49 caps for Northern Ireland.
Pat Rice : Patrick James Rice, MBE (born 17 March 1949) is a Northern Irish former footballer and coach.
Pat Rice : As a player, he made over 500 appearances for Arsenal, winning the Double, and later made a hundred more appearances for Watford.
Pat Rice : After retirement from playing professionally he was at the helm of Arsenal's Academy teams, then served as assistant manager of Arsenal, a position he held since the appointment of Arsène Wenger in 1996, and helped the club to two more Doubles, amongst other silverware, in that time.
Iván Zamorano : Zamorano would move to Mexico in 2001 to play for América for two seasons, winning the "Torneo de Verano" in the first season.
Iván Zamorano : Zamorano was capped 69 times, scoring 34 goals.
Iván Zamorano : Iván Luis Zamorano Zamora (; born 18 January 1967) is a retired Chilean football striker.
Iván Zamorano : In May 1998, Inter won the UEFA Cup after beating Lazio in the final 3–0, with Zamorano scoring the opening goal.
Robert Conrad : After working in Chicago for several years and studying theater arts at Northwestern University, Conrad pursued an acting career.
Robert Conrad : He went to Mexico in 1967 to appear in "Ven a cantar conmigo" ("Come, sing with me"), a musical.
Robert Conrad : In addition to acting, he was a singer, and recorded several pop/rock songs in the late 1950s and early 1960s as Bob Conrad.
Robert Conrad : He has hosted a weekly two-hour national radio show ("The PM Show with Robert Conrad") on CRN Digital Talk Radio since 2008.
Robert Conrad : Since 2008, he has hosted a weekly two-hour national radio show ("The PM Show with Robert Conrad") on CRN Digital Talk Radio.
Robert Conrad : He portrayed World War II ace Pappy Boyington in the television series "Baa Baa Black Sheep" (later syndicated as "Black Sheep Squadron").
Robert Conrad : Robert Conrad (born Conrad Robert Falk; March 1, 1935) is a retired American film and television actor, singer, and stuntman.
Robert Conrad : He is best known for his role in the 1965–69 television series "The Wild Wild West", playing the sophisticated Secret Service agent James T. West.
Alain Touraine : He has failed to gain the same recognition in the English-speaking world, although half of his books have been translated into English.
Alain Touraine : Touraine has gained popularity in Latin America as well as in continental Europe.
Alain Touraine : He is best known for being the originator of the term "post-industrial society".
Alain Touraine : Alain Touraine (; born 3 August 1925) is a French sociologist.
Alain Touraine : Touraine's work is based on a "sociology of action", which he called "actionalism", and believes that society shapes its future through structural mechanisms and its own social struggles.
Alain Touraine : In 2010, he was jointly awarded, with Zygmunt Bauman, the Príncipe de Asturias Prize for Communication and the Humanities.
Alain Touraine : While in Poland, he developed the research method of "Sociological Intervention," which had been outlined in "The Voice and the Eye" ("La Voix et le Regard") [1981].
Alain Touraine : He is research director at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, where he founded the "Centre d'étude des mouvements sociaux".
Robert Plant : And that was it – I was hooked from that moment."
Robert Plant : In 2018, Plant received the AMA Lifetime Achievement Award at the UK Americana Honors & Awards.
Robert Plant : In 2009, Plant also won the Outstanding Contribution to Music prize at the Q Awards.
Robert Plant : During a concert at Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City on 19 September 2015, Plant hinted at plans for a new album with the Sensational Space Shifters, stating, "We'll go make another record and then we'll come see you guys even more."
Robert Plant : On stage, Plant was particularly active in live performances, often dancing, jumping, skipping, snapping his fingers, clapping, making emphatic gestures to emphasise a lyric or cymbal crash, throwing back his head, or placing his hands on his hips.
Robert Plant : On 30 September 2011, Plant and Band of Joy played in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, as part of the 11th Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival.
Robert Plant : "I left home at 16", he said, "and I started my real education musically, moving from group to group, furthering my knowledge of the blues and of other music which had weight and was worth listening to".
Robert Plant : He is also believed to have contributed funds to a slate carving of Glyndŵr's coat of arms at the Celtica museum in Machynlleth.
Robert Plant : On 30 July 2014, NME revealed that Plant was "slightly disappointed and baffled" by Page in an ongoing Led Zeppelin dispute during which Page declared he was "fed up" with Plant delaying Led Zeppelin reunion plans.
Robert Plant : On 18 August 2017, Plant announced the release on 13 October 2017 of his new solo album "Carry Fire".
Robert Plant : Starting in mid-1999, Plant performed until the end of 2000 at several small venues with his folk-rock band, named Priory of Brion.
Robert Plant : The couple had three children: daughter Carmen Jane (1968), (who later married Charlie Jones, Plant's bass player for solo tours); and sons Karac Pendragon (1972–1977), and Logan Romero (1979).
Robert Plant : Despite enormous public demand, Plant declined a $200 million offer to tour with Led Zeppelin after the 2007 show.
Robert Plant : Plant received no songwriting credits on the band's first album, allegedly because he was still under contract to CBS Records at the time.
Robert Plant : He donated money to the creation of a bronze statue of the Welsh prince, Owain Glyndŵr, at Pennal Church, near Machynlleth, in Wales, unveiled in September 2004.
Robert Plant : On 23 June 2006, Plant was the headliner (backed by Ian Hunter's band) at the Benefit For Arthur Lee concert at New York's Beacon Theatre, a show which raised money for Lee's medical expenses from his bout with leukaemia.
Robert Plant : Available at participating outlets on 18 April, the release was limited to 10,000 copies and includes live versions of "Turn It Up" and "Arbaden" on side A, with a medley of "Poor Howard" and "Whole Lotta Love" on side B.
Robert Plant : Plant enjoyed great success with Led Zeppelin throughout the 1970s and developed a compelling image as the charismatic rock-and-roll front man, similar to his contemporaries, The Who singer Roger Daltrey, Mick Jagger of the Rolling Stones and Jim Morrison of the Doors.
Robert Plant : Most notably "The Battle of Evermore", "Misty Mountain Hop","No Quarter", "Ramble On" and "Over the Hills and Far Away" contain verses referencing Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit".
Robert Plant : Robert Anthony Plant (born 20 August 1948) is an English singer, songwriter, and musician, best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the rock band Led Zeppelin.
Robert Plant : Critic Steve Turner suggests that Plant's early and continued experiences in Wales served as the foundation for his broader interest in the mythologies he revisits in his lyrics (including those myth systems of Tolkien and the Norse).
Robert Plant : "Encyclopædia Britannica" notes "Exaggerating the vocal style and expressive palette of blues singers such as Howlin' Wolf and Muddy Waters, (Robert) Plant created the sound that has defined much hard rock and heavy metal singing: a high range, an abundance of distortion, loud volume and emotional excess".
Robert Plant : Plant's live collaborations with other well-known musicians continued when he took to the stage with Queen at Wembley Stadium, for 1992's "The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert" for AIDS Awareness; where he sang Queen's "Innuendo" and "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", and Led Zeppelin's "Kashmir" and "Thank You".
Robert Plant : In 2007, Plant contributed two tracks to the Fats Domino tribute album "", "It Keeps Rainin'" with the Lil' Band o' Gold and "Valley of Tears" with the Soweto Gospel Choir.
Glenn Murcutt : Prestigious awards include:
Glenn Murcutt : He was founding President of the Australian Architecture Association and is Chair of the Architecture Foundation Australia (annual Murcutt International Master Class).
Glenn Murcutt : Murcutt works as a sole practitioner, producing residential and institutional work all over Australia.
Glenn Murcutt : As a total contrast, Murcutt works in a one-person office on the other side of the world ... yet has a waiting list of clients, so intent is he to give each project his personal best.
Glenn Murcutt : He spent the first five years of his life in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea, where he first encountered a simple, vernacular architecture.
Glenn Murcutt : By 1969, Murcutt established his own practice in the Sydney suburb of Mosman.
Glenn Murcutt : In the words of the Pritzker jury: "In an age obsessed with celebrity, the glitz of our 'starchitects', backed by large staffs and copious public relations support, dominates the headlines.
Glenn Murcutt : Murcutt was born in London to Australian parents.
Glenn Murcutt : He is an innovative architectural technician who is capable of turning his sensitivity to the environment and to locality into forthright, totally honest, non-showy works of art."
Glenn Murcutt : Although he does not work outside the country or run a large firm, his work has a worldwide influence, especially since Murcutt teaches master classes for beginning and established architects.
Florin Prunea : Florin Prunea (born 8 August 1968) is a Romanian former football goalkeeper.
Jürgen Rosenthal : He appeared on one album, "Fly to the Rainbow", before having to leave to do his compulsory service with the Army.
Jürgen Rosenthal : Jurgen Rosenthal's style as a drummer is unique and it would appear to be a major contributor to Eloy's most successful years (1976–1979) during which they produced Ocean, Dawn, Eloy Live, and Silent Cries Mighty Echoes.
Jürgen Rosenthal : He was a member of Uli Jon Roth's band Dawn Road, but became a member of the Scorpions, along with Roth and Francis Buchholz, when Dawn Road was annexed into a lineup with Klaus Meine and Rudolf Schenker.
Marco Giovannetti : He has also won stages at the Tour de Suisse and the Giro d'Italia.
Marco Giovannetti : Marco Giovannetti (born 4 April 1962) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer and Olympic gold medalist who won the Vuelta a España in 1990.
Marco Giovannetti : Early in his career as an amateur, Giovannetti won the gold medal in the Team Road Race at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, together with Claudio Vandelli, Marcello Bartalini and Eros Poli.
Michael Andretti : After competing in the 2003 Indianapolis 500, Andretti retired from full-time IndyCar racing.
Michael Andretti : Michael Mario Andretti (born October 5, 1962) is an American former auto racing driver and current team owner.
Otto Pérez Molina : Among other evidence, they cited a 1982 documentary in which a military officer whom they claim is Pérez is seen near four dead bodies.
Otto Pérez Molina : In his book "The Art of Political Murder: Who Killed the Bishop?
Otto Pérez Molina : ", American journalist Francisco Goldman argues that Pérez Molina may have been present, along with two other high officials, a few blocks from the April 1998 murder of Juan José Gerardi Conedera, a Roman Catholic bishop.
Otto Pérez Molina : Pérez is a graduate of Guatemala's National Military Academy ("Escuela Politécnica"), the School of the Americas and of the Inter-American Defense College.
Otto Pérez Molina : Otto Fernando Pérez Molina (born 1 December 1950) is a Guatemalan politician and retired military officer, who was President of Guatemala from 2012 to 2015.
Otto Pérez Molina : In July 2011, the indigenous organization "Waqib Kej" presented a letter to the United Nations accusing Pérez of involvement in genocide and torture committed in Quiché during the civil war.
Otto Pérez Molina : In 1983 he was a member of the group of army officers who backed Defence Minister Óscar Mejía's coup d'état against "de facto" president Efraín Ríos Montt.
Javier Espinosa : On 31 August 2018, Espinosa moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for FC Twente.
Javier Espinosa : Javier Espinosa González (born 19 September 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Dutch club FC Twente as a central midfielder.
Javier Espinosa : On 9 January 2015 he was loaned to fellow league side UD Almería, until June.
Javier Espinosa : Born in Talavera de la Reina, Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Espinosa moved to FC Barcelona's youth system, "La Masia", at the age of 13.
Javier Espinosa : Espinosa became a regular fixture under new manager Eusebio Sacristán.
Javier Espinosa : On 1 May 2010, whilst still a junior, he made his senior debut with the B-team, playing the second half in a 2–1 home win against Valencia CF Mestalla for the Segunda División B championship; on 26 February of the following year, after replacing fellow youth graduate Albert Dalmau, he contributed with one goal to a 6–4 Segunda División away victory over CD Numancia.
Larry Christiansen : Christiansen describes his playing style as "aggressive-tactical" and he lists his favorite opening as the Sämisch King's Indian.
Larry Christiansen : He won the 2001 Canadian Open Chess Championship.
Larry Christiansen : In 1971, he became the first junior high school student to win the National High School Championship.
Larry Christiansen : Larry M. Christiansen (born June 27, 1956) is an American chess player of Danish ancestry.
Larry Christiansen : In 1977, at age 21, he became a grandmaster without first having been an international master.
Larry Christiansen : Christiansen was the U.S. champion in 1980, 1983, and 2002.
Zhang Linpeng : An offensive minded defender, Zhang is also known for his tackling ability and aerial game.
Zhang Linpeng : Zhang Linpeng (; born 9 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer of Hui ethnicity who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.
Zhang Linpeng : Zhang is known by the nickname Zhangmos for his similarity in looks and playing style as Sergio Ramos.
Zhang Linpeng : He was highly praised by Italian manager Marcello Lippi who described him as "the best Chinese footballer in the Chinese Super League".
Dave McKean : David McKean (born 29 December 1963) is an English illustrator, photographer, comic book artist, graphic designer, filmmaker and musician.
Dave McKean : covers for many artists, amongst others for Counting Crows, Alice Cooper, Altan, Tori Amos, Download, Frontline Assembly, Paradise Lost, Dream Theater, Skinny Puppy, Toad the Wet Sprocket and Steve Walsh.
Gorka Elustondo : Elustondo was part of the Spain under-19 squad that won the 2006 UEFA European Championship, in Poland.
Gorka Elustondo : Gorka Elustondo Urkola (born 18 March 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central defender or a defensive midfielder for Rayo Vallecano.
Gorka Elustondo : Elustondo was born in Beasain, Gipuzkoa.
Gorka Elustondo : He amassed a further five first-team appearances in his first professional season, as the Basque club met top division relegation for the first time in 40 years.
Gorka Elustondo : A product of Real Sociedad's prolific youth ranks, he made his La Liga debut on 20 December 2006 in a 0–0 away draw against RC Celta de Vigo.
Masaki Aiba : In 2014 he also became one of the hosts for "Tokyo Live!
Masaki Aiba : Aiba also used to play the saxophone; however, due to the collapse of one of his lungs in 2002, he was forced to stop playing due to the operation he had to undergo.
Marcus Ericsson : In Russia he recovered from first lap contact to beat Nasr once again and take fourteenth.
Marcus Ericsson : During the summer break Sauber announced that Ericsson along with Nasr had both extended their deals with the team for the 2016 season.
Marcus Ericsson : He ended the 2019 season 17th in points.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson said of his chances during the season, "I was thinking that I should be around top eight to start with, trying for podiums and maybe wins by the end of the year".
Marcus Ericsson : He qualified 14th and finished 15th in China.
Marcus Ericsson : In 2016, Sauber missed pre-season testing due to financial concerns hurting their car development for 2016.
Marcus Ericsson : At the 2014 United States Grand Prix, Sauber announced that it had signed Ericsson for .
Marcus Ericsson : He finished 15th in Russia beating his teammate for the first time in the season.
Marcus Ericsson : Another bad couple of races followed in Hockenheim and Spa, but after that he got back on track.
Marcus Ericsson : Following his win, Ericsson was described by "Autosport" as "the best young talent" Bräck had ever seen.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson got his best result of the season in 11th in Azerbaijan where he fought wildly for points in Azerbaijan with his teammate.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson received with two pole positions and a handful of podium finishes, but no victories, which gave him fifth overall in the championship.
Marcus Ericsson : In 2010, he moved up to the GP2 Series where he secured one victory during his maiden campaign for Super Nova Racing.
Marcus Ericsson : He ran just outside the points in China but steadily dropped to sixteenth, still four places ahead of Nasr.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson's campaign did not start well as he had to retire due to a hydraulic issue in Australia.
Marcus Ericsson : During his rookie year, he scored a podium finish at the Detroit Grand Prix.
Marcus Ericsson : He ran close to points in Malaysia and Suzuka, thrashing his teammate in qualifying and the race.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson said that he was more likely to gain the experience needed to win the Macau Grand Prix in comparison to competing further in the British championship.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson's first win came at the first meeting of the series at Brands Hatch where he took third place in the first race and won from pole position in the second race.
Marcus Ericsson : Marcus Thorbjörn Ericsson (; born 2 September 1990) is a Swedish racing driver and former Formula One racing driver.
Marcus Ericsson : Tests followed with British Formula 3 team Räikkönen Robertson Racing as part of his prize for winning the title that year.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson was in the title race for the whole season, challenging Czech Josef Král and Brit Henry Arundel.
Marcus Ericsson : He went on a slump in the following races, with 17th in Baku and 15th in Austria, with qualifying crashes in Silverstone and Hungary forcing him to start from the pit lane.
Marcus Ericsson : Afterwards Ericsson had a test with frontrunning Formula 3 Euro Series team ASM, later ART Grand Prix.
Marcus Ericsson : He struggled to match his teammate Wehrlein in Bahrain with his race ending in another disappointing retirement due to the gearbox.
Marcus Ericsson : In Monza, he maximised the car finishing sixteenth whilst in Singapore he made Q2 and was close to scoring his first point until a strategic blunder from the team.
Marcus Ericsson : Sauber started to struggle in Monaco with Ericsson crashing into the barrier while overtaking the safety car to get on the lead lap.
Marcus Ericsson : In Austin, he ran eleventh for part of the race but ended up fourteenth and in Mexico he put in one of the drives of the season as he recovered from a first lap crash to eleventh, just outside the points.
Marcus Ericsson : During the winter of 2008, Ericsson signed a contract with the Japanese F3 team TOM'S to compete full-time in the championship for the upcoming season.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson won the Japanese F3 championship, and also won races when making guest appearances back in British F3.
Marcus Ericsson : Ericsson was running in 15th before a power issue in Australia and he drove a good race to take twelfth in Bahrain in the next round.
Marcus Ericsson : Following his win of the Formula BMW title, Ericsson began aiming for a seat in Formula Three.
Marcus Ericsson : Despite an offer to join ASM, Ericsson opted to stay in England and join Fortec's British Formula 3 team.
Marcus Ericsson : In the end Ericsson, aged 16, won the title by 40 points from Kral, becoming the final Champion of the British Formula BMW series prior to the series merge with the German series to make a European championship.
Marcus Ericsson : In Spain he was fantastic again as he was twelfth, but in Monaco he crashed into his teammate clumsily which ruined his next race in Canada as he started at the back due to a grid penalty.
Marcus Ericsson : Bräck convinced Richard Dutton, who ran Bräck in the British Formula Three Championship in 1989, to race Ericsson for his Fortec Motorsport team's 2007 Formula BMW UK title challenge.
Marcus Ericsson : On 21 January 2014, the team announced that Ericsson and Kobayashi would be their race driver line up for the forthcoming season, with Robin Frijns as reserve.
Marcus Ericsson : It was announced on 21 November 2013 that Ericsson was a candidate to drive for the Caterham F1 Team in 2014 with Kamui Kobayashi as teammate.
Zhang Zhong : In 2002 he scored 8.5/12 points at the 35th Chess Olympiad in Bled and won the 7th World University Chess Championship in Ulaanbaatar.
Zhang Zhong : Zhang Zhong (; born 5 September 1978) is a Chinese chess grandmaster, a twice Chinese champion and the 2005 Asian champion.
Zhang Zhong : He won the Chinese Chess Championship in 2001 and 2003.
Zhang Zhong : Zhang Zhong was clear first with a score of 11/13 at the Corus B tournament in Wijk aan Zee in 2003, three points ahead of his nearest rival.
Elton Brand : On June 30, 1999, Brand was selected by the Chicago Bulls with the first overall pick of the 1999 NBA draft.
Elton Brand : After two successful seasons with the Bulls, Brand was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers in June 2001 for Brian Skinner and the draft rights to Tyson Chandler.
Elton Brand : On July 15, 2013, Brand signed with the Atlanta Hawks.
Elton Brand : Elton Tyron Brand (born March 11, 1979) is an American former professional basketball player and the current general manager of the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Elton Brand : On July 9, 2008, Brand signed with the Philadelphia 76ers to a reported five-year, $82 million contract.
Elton Brand : On July 13, 2012, Brand was claimed off waivers by the Dallas Mavericks with a winning bid of $2.1 million.
Elton Brand : On August 28, 2017, he was named general manager of the Delaware 87ers (now Delaware Blue Coats).
Elton Brand : On December 6, 2016, Brand was named as the player development consultant of the Philadelphia 76ers.
Elton Brand : He ended the season with averages of 20.1 points and 10 rebounds per game, and he shared NBA Rookie of the Year honors with Houston Rockets guard Steve Francis.
Elton Brand : In 2012–13, he averaged 7.2 points, 6.0 rebounds, 1.3 blocks and 1.0 assists in 21.2 minutes per game.
Milo Manara : After architecture and painting studies, he made his comics debut in 1969 drawing for "Genius", a Fumetti neri series of pocket books from publisher Furio Vanio in the wake of the popularity of "Kriminal" and "Satanik".
Milo Manara : In 1970 he illustrated for the magazine "Terror", and starting in 1971 drew the erotic series "Jolanda de Almaviva" written by Francisco Rubino, issued in small format by publisher Erregi.
Milo Manara : Manara also completed two stories working with another of his heroes, Federico Fellini.
Salvador Cañellas : Salvador Cañellas (born December 1, 1944) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and rally car racer from Spain.
Salvador Cañellas : During the 1978 World Rally Championship season, he finished third in the Rally Poland.
Aketza Peña : Aketza Peña Iza (born 4 March 1981) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
Aketza Peña : He rode for UCI ProTeam Euskaltel-Euskadi between 2004 and 2007.
Julian Lennon : It also touches on many environmental issues.
Julian Lennon : He is half-brother to Sean Lennon.
Julian Lennon : This film has received many awards and was shown at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival.
Julian Lennon : John Charles Julian Lennon (born 8 April 1963) is an English singer, musician and photographer, who is mainly known as the son of The Beatles member John Lennon and his first wife Cynthia.
Julian Lennon : Lennon enjoyed immediate success with his debut album, "Valotte", released in 1984.
Julian Lennon : Lennon is also the producer of the documentary called "WhaleDreamers" about an aboriginal tribe in Australia and its special relationship to whales.
Éric Bernard : In 1988 he entered Formula 3000.
Éric Bernard : Bernard fought back to fitness, and for the 1993 season his old sponsors Elf managed to get him into a test driver seat for the Ligier team.
Éric Bernard : He started karting in 1976 and in the seven years that followed, won four French titles.
Éric Bernard : Bernard stood in again at the following British Grand Prix, before returning to his Formula 3000 commitments with DAMS.
Éric Bernard : In 1983 he attended racing school at Paul Ricard and was one of the finalists at the Volant Elf competition.
Éric Bernard : He finished sixth in the series, but won the following year, and entering French Formula Three in 1986.
Éric Bernard : He was engaged by Herbert's previous team, Team Lotus, to fill the seat at the European GP, but it was to be his last F1 drive, with Mika Salo taking over later in the season.
Éric Bernard : He beat Jean Alesi and Bertrand Gachot to the prize, earning himself a fully sponsored drive in Formula Renault for 1984.
Éric Bernard : In mid-1989, Bernard was called up to the French Larrousse Formula One team for the French Grand Prix, replacing Yannick Dalmas.
Jacques Audiard : and "Mortelle randonnée", "Baxter", "Fréquence Meurtre" and "Saxo".
Jacques Audiard : Audiard was born in Paris.
Jacques Audiard : He has released some music videos, among them "Comme Elle Vient" by Noir Désir in which all the actors were deaf-mute and interpreted the lyrics of the song in sign language.
Jacques Audiard : He began his screenwriting career in the 1980s with films including "Réveillon chez Bob!"
Jacques Audiard : He has won both the César Award for Best Film and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language twice, in 2005 for "The Beat That My Heart Skipped" and in 2010 for "A Prophet", as well as winning the Grand Prix at the Cannes Film Festival.
Jacques Audiard : On September 2, 2018, his first American film "The Sisters Brothers" had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival.
Jacques Audiard : His fourth movie, "De Battre Mon Cœur s'est Arrêté", received 10 nominations at the Césars and won eight, among them the Césars for Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Film Music and Best Cinematography.
Jacques Audiard : The film won the César Award for best first film and the Prix Georges-Sadoul.
Jacques Audiard : Jacques Audiard (; born 30 April 1952) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Jacques Audiard : Two years later he reunited with Kassovitz and Trintignant for "Un Héros Très Discret" – A Self-Made Hero in English, adapted from the novel by Jean-François Deniau.
Zacarias Moussaoui : There was no religious education within the family.
Zacarias Moussaoui : Rather, he claimed that he was preparing for a separate attack.
Zacarias Moussaoui : He holds a master's degree in International Business from South Bank University in London, having enrolled in 1993 and graduated in 1995.
Zacarias Moussaoui : He has the Federal Bureau of Prisons number 51427-054.
Zacarias Moussaoui : After enduring domestic violence, his mother left his father Omar while her four children were still young.
Zacarias Moussaoui : He denied charges of conspiracy to murder United States employees and destroy property.
Zacarias Moussaoui : Aicha el-Wafi, Moussaoui's mother, was 14 when she was married to a man that she did not previously know, in Morocco.
Zacarias Moussaoui : Zacarias Moussaoui (Arabic: زكريا موسوي, ""; born May 30, 1968) is a French citizen who pleaded guilty in U.S. federal court to conspiring to kill citizens of the United States as part of the September 11 attacks.
Zacarias Moussaoui : Moussaoui has been known by other names, reportedly including Abu Khaled al Sahrawi and Shaquil while he was in Oklahoma.
Edward Burns : Burns is married to model Christy Turlington and has two children, Grace (born 2003) and Finn (born 2006).
José María Cano : Since 1998, he works primarily in the visual arts.
José María Cano : José María Cano began drawing at a very young age.
José María Cano : His encaustic technique is in an alchemistic and time consuming process.
José María Cano : As Hugo Rifkind wrote in an article in "The Times" newspaper art pages, "Cano's pictures surface has a translucent depth so that they are more like sculptures than paintings".
José María Cano : In 2006, he composed an "Our Father" that was sung by Montserrat Caballé during the visit of Pope Benedict XVI to Valencia.
José María Cano : Around the same time Cano started on a series of work where he projected drawings done by his son Daniel, who has Asperger's syndrome.
José María Cano : José María Cano Andrés (born 21 February 1959) is a Spanish visual artist, musician, composer, and record producer.
José María Cano : He began to compose for other singers, such as Ana Belén, Amaya Uranga, Sara Montiel, Julio Iglesias, Miguel Bosé, Alaska, Françoise Hardy, Sarah Brightman, Simone, Mario Frangoulis etc.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : They divorced on 3 January 1990.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : At the contest, Lloyd Webber accompanied her on the piano during the performance.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : His company, the Really Useful Group, is one of the largest theatre operators in London.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Together they had two children, a daughter and a son:
Andrew Lloyd Webber : He has composed 13 musicals, a song cycle, a set of variations, two film scores, and a Latin Requiem Mass.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : "Cats" (1981) was to become the longest running musical in London, where it ran for 21 years before closing.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : "The Sunday Times" Rich List of 2019 saw him ranked the richest musician in the UK (overtaking Paul McCartney) with a fortune of £820 million ($1.06 billion).
Andrew Lloyd Webber : He married first Sarah Hugill on 24 July 1971 and they divorced on 14 November 1983.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : He is one of fifteen people to have won an Oscar, an Emmy, a Grammy, and a Tony.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : He then married singer Sarah Brightman on 22 March 1984 in Hampshire.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Several of his songs have been widely recorded and were successful outside of their parent musicals, such as "The Music of the Night" and "All I Ask of You" from "The Phantom of the Opera", "I Don't Know How to Love Him" from "Jesus Christ Superstar", "Don't Cry for Me, Argentina" from "Evita", "Any Dream Will Do" from "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", and "Memory" from "Cats".
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Its aim was to find a new Joseph for his revival of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat".
Andrew Lloyd Webber : His younger brother, Julian Lloyd Webber, is a world renowned solo cellist.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : There have been a number of film adaptations of the Lloyd Webber musicals: "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1973), directed by Norman Jewison; "Evita" (1996), directed by Alan Parker; "The Phantom of the Opera" (2004), directed by Joel Schumacher and co-produced by Lloyd Webber; and "Cats" (2019).
Andrew Lloyd Webber : In the 1997 New Year Honours he was created a life peer as Baron Lloyd-Webber, of Sydmonton in the County of Hampshire.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Lloyd Webber was asked to write a song for the 1992 Barcelona Olympics and composed "Amigos Para Siempre — Friends for Life" with Don Black providing the lyrics.
Andrew Lloyd Webber : Andrew Lloyd Webber, Baron Lloyd-Webber (born 22 March 1948) is an English composer and impresario of musical theatre.
Jorge Luis Pinto : Jorge Luis Pinto Afanador (born 16 December 1952) is a Colombian football manager, currently in charge of Millonarios.
Michael D. Coe : He is known for his research on pre-Columbian Mesoamerica, particularly the Maya, and was among the foremost Mayanists of the late 20th century.
Michael D. Coe : During the Korean War, Coe worked as a CIA case officer and as a part of a front organization, Western Enterprises (), in Taiwan, as part of efforts to counter the influence of Mao's China.
Michael D. Coe : Michael Douglas Coe (May 14, 1929 – September 25, 2019) was an American archaeologist, anthropologist, epigrapher and author.
Michael D. Coe : He specialised in comparative studies of ancient tropical forest civilizations, such as those of Central America and Southeast Asia.
Michael D. Coe : Sophie translated from Russian, the work of epigrapher, Yuri Valentinovich Knorosov, "The Writing of the Maya Indians" (1967).
Michael D. Coe : He graduated from Harvard College in 1950 and received his PhD in anthropology from the Harvard Graduate School of Arts & Sciences in 1959.
Michael D. Coe : Shortly after commencing his graduate studies program there, in 1955 he married the daughter of the noted evolutionary biologist and Russian émigré Theodosius Dobzhansky, Sophie, who was then an undergraduate anthropology student at Radcliffe College.
Eren Derdiyok : Derdiyok was born in Basel, Switzerland into a Alevi Kurdish family from Turkey.
Eren Derdiyok : Eren Derdiyok (born 12 June 1988) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a striker for Pakhtakor Tashkent in the Uzbekistan Super League and Switzerland national team.
Eren Derdiyok : He started his career with Swiss minnows Old Boys at the beginning of the 2005–06 season in which scored 10 goals in just 18 appearances.
David Bisbal : In November a special issue of "Corazón Latino" was released in Mexico.
David Bisbal : The first single of his third studio album "Premonición", "Quién me iba a decir" was released in August 2006.
David Bisbal : Finally he came in second place to Rosa López.
David Bisbal : It also reached gold certification in Colombia and Venezuela in two weeks.
David Bisbal : In 2001, he was one of 16 contestants from the first Spanish edition of 'Idol' contest designed to choose the representative for the festival 'Eurovision' of that year.
David Bisbal : On 24 October he performed at the seat of European Parliament in Strasbourg where he gave an exclusive concert, in which he performed the songs from his album, to representatives of 25 member countries.
David Bisbal : In January 2007, the second single from the album "Silencio" stayed for eight weeks at number one in Los 40 Principales.
David Bisbal : Bisbal attended the secondary school IES Al-Andalus in Almería, but dropped out of in his second to last year at around age 15.
David Bisbal : David Bisbal sang the theme song for the soap opera "Herederos de una venganza".
David Bisbal : In 2008, Bisbal performed a duet with Rihanna, "Hate That I Love You", which was included in the re-issue of "Good Girl Gone Bad".
David Bisbal : His fourth studio album "Sin Mirar Atrás" was released on 20 October 2009 in Spain, Latin America and the United States.
David Bisbal : He played in a total of 128 concerts in such unique venues as the Royal Albert Hall in London, Carnegie Hall in New York, an Luna Park in Buenos Aires.
David Bisbal : He first set foot in Germany in November in order to promote his duet with singer Joana Zimmer.
David Bisbal : During the tour of "Una noche en el Teatro Real," Bisbal played in some of the most iconic theatres and auditoriums in Spain, North America, Latin America, the Southern Cone and major European capitals.
David Bisbal : On 31 October he began his first tour in Latin America, in Argentina; he visited 12 countries and performed 17 live concerts.
David Bisbal : On 5 November 2011 he released his first acoustic DVD entitled "Una noche en el Teatro Real," recorded in the musical temple four days earlier.
David Bisbal : After achieving fame as "Operación Triunfo" finalist, he signed a contract with label Vale Music, offering him the opportunity to record his first solo debut album.
David Bisbal : After dropping out, his father took him to work for Ranger in the local nursery in Almería, which was his first known job.
David Bisbal : On 18 January, Bisbal won the triple platinum surpassing the figure of 75,000 copies sold.
David Bisbal : It reached number 1 on the charts and radio stations of both Spain and Latin America.
David Bisbal : Several days after presenting the video with Joana Zimmer, David make an appearance at the Tribute to Rocío Jurado Gala in order to perform.
David Bisbal : The album stayed for a month at number one on the Spanish chart.
David Bisbal : The authors of this issue are Bisbal himself, Sebastian Bazan, and Karen Oliver.
David Bisbal : With more than 1,300,000 copies sold in Spain, Bisbal was launched to the rest of Spanish-speaking countries; his debut album would be released on 15 October.
David Bisbal : His parents are José Bisbal, a professional boxer and part of a trio of flamenco music, and Maria Ferre Montoya.
David Bisbal : David Bisbal Ferre (born in Almería, Spain on 5 June 1979) is a Spanish singer, songwriter, and actor.
David Bisbal : The singer won an Ondas Award in a ceremony held at the Barcelona Teatre Musical, and a Micrófono de Oro award.
David Bisbal : In 2012 he got platinum in Spain for his CD live Royal Albert Hall.
David Bisbal : Bisbal also won his first Latin Grammy in 2009.
David Bisbal : On 15 November 2012, in Las Vegas, David Bisbal won his third Latin Grammy, this time in the category "Best Traditional Pop Album".
David Bisbal : Bisbal also performed at Eurovision with Rosa López, David Bustamante, Chenoa, Gisela and Geno, in the chorus.
David Bisbal : It is one of the highest rated telenovelas in Argentina, which starred Romina Gaetani, Luciano Castro and Federico Amador, where all romantic moments are set to music by the song sung by David Bisbal.
David Bisbal : The album debuted on the charts in Spain where more than 300,000 copies were sold in a week.
David Bisbal : It sold more than 900,000 copies.
David Bisbal : In its first week on sale, he got a record to beat for the first time a DVD sales of a CD in seven days getting to sell more than 50,000 copies obtaining double platinum.
David Bisbal : The album reached number one in its debut week selling over 600,000 copies, breaking sales records; the album stayed for seven consecutive weeks at number one on the Spanish Albums Chart.
Chimo Bayo : Their themes have promoted several movies.
Chimo Bayo : His candidature,in popular vote, had an outstanding reception.
Chimo Bayo : In 2009, he also participated in comedy shows.
Chimo Bayo : Chimo Bayo has also leave his mark on the cinema.
Chimo Bayo : Public votes took, in just four days, his song up to the top 4, with more than 40.000 votes.
Chimo Bayo : In 2008, Bayo appeared at Buenafuente TV Show, at LaSexta, where he gave a performance and was interviewed.
Chimo Bayo : However, RTVE discualified his song because it did not meet the contest rules.
Chimo Bayo : He appears in a sketch of "Muchachada Nui" in an episode of the tv show "Socarrats" of Canal Nou.
Chimo Bayo : Now, he performs a radio program called "La casa de la Tía Enriqueta" (produced by Javier Fernández) on the local radio "Radio Express Valencia", although that broadcaster has a website where the program can be followed from across Europa
Chimo Bayo : In January 2010 he was candidate for Eurovision 2010 with the song "La Fiesta del Fuego", he records with the band from Valencia, Code Name.
Chimo Bayo : Bayo remixed a peculiar electronic version of the song which gives a name to the show, interpreted by Nino Bravo in the last broadcast.
Chimo Bayo : As Bigas Lunas did with his film "Jamón, jamón" in 1992, the film director included the legendary "Así me gusta a mí" in the trailer and the film "Yo soy la Juani".
Chimo Bayo : Later, he composed, with the invaluable participation of Berto Romero, the popular musical theme "Zascatronic", a song that had a great impact on the Internet.
Chimo Bayo : At Radiotelevisió Valenciana, Bayo was part of the jury from October 2009 to January 2010 of the talent scout show "Un beso y una flor" presented by Bertín Osborne.
Chimo Bayo : Chimo Bayo (born Joaquín Bayo, 25 October 1961) is a Spanish dance artist who gained prominence in the early 1990s with "Así Me Gusta A Mí (X-Ta Sí, X-Ta No)".
Chimo Bayo : In 2016 Chimo Bayo published his first novel, with the journalist Emma Zafón:""No iba a salir y me lié"", they capture on the book their experiencies on "Ruta Destroy" in form of piece of fiction.
Chimo Bayo : In March 2009, the TV show Sé lo que hicisteis... of La Sexta invited him to star in one of the best tv reports by Pilar Rubio and ride in a threefold F1, in Circuit Ricardo Tormo from Valencia.
Chimo Bayo : In 2012, in the television show "Tu cara me suena" broadcast on the Spanish channel Antena 3.
Marc Degryse : Marc Gabriel Degryse (born 4 September 1965), nicknamed "Le Lutin d'Ardooie" ("The Imp of Ardooie") and "The Little One", is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a forward.
Marc Degryse : On the international level, Degryse played 63 matches with the Belgian national team and scored 23 goals.
Lakshmi Mittal : The clean up was expected to cost €70 million.
Lakshmi Mittal : Employees of Mittal have accused him of allowing "slave labour" conditions after multiple fatalities in his mines.
Lakshmi Mittal : During December 2004, twenty-three miners died in explosions in his mines in Kazakhstan caused by faulty gas detectors.
Lakshmi Mittal : The government tried to sue in the High Court to have him pay for the clean-up of Cork Harbour but failed.
Lakshmi Mittal : Subsequent environmental issues at the site have been a cause for criticism.
Lakshmi Mittal : His daughter Vanisha Mittal's wedding was the second-most expensive in recorded history.
Lakshmi Mittal : Three years later, in 2001, it was closed, leaving 400 people redundant.
Lakshmi Mittal : On 19 February 2010, Briatore resigned as QPR chairman, and sold further shares in the club to Ecclestone, making Ecclestone the single largest shareholder.
Lakshmi Mittal : In 2007, the Polish government said it wanted to renegotiate the 2004 sale to ArcelorMittal.
Lakshmi Mittal : Dochnal was later arrested for bribing Polish officials on behalf of Russian agents in a separate affair.
Lakshmi Mittal : Mittal purchased the Irish Steel plant based in Cork, Ireland, from the government for a nominal fee of £1 million.
Lakshmi Mittal : Lakshmi Niwas Mittal (; born 15 June 1950) is an Indian born steel magnate, based in the United Kingdom.
Lakshmi Mittal : Mittal had emerged as a leading contender to buy and sell Barclays Premiership clubs Wigan and Everton.
Lakshmi Mittal : Mittal successfully employed Marek Dochnal's consultancy to influence Polish officials in the privatisation of PHS steel group, which was Poland's largest.
Lakshmi Mittal : This revelation caused controversy, because Mittal had given £125,000 to the British Labour Party the previous year.
Lakshmi Mittal : He is the chairman and CEO of ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steelmaking company.
Lakshmi Mittal : However, on 20 December 2007 it was announced that the Mittal family had purchased a 20 per cent shareholding in Queens Park Rangers football club joining Flavio Briatore and Mittal's friend Bernie Ecclestone.
Lakshmi Mittal : The combined investment in the struggling club sparked suggestions that Mittal might be looking to join the growing ranks of wealthy individuals investing heavily in English football and emulating similar benefactors such as Roman Abramovich.
Lakshmi Mittal : Although Blair defended his letter as simply "celebrating the success" of a British company, he was criticised because LNM was registered in the Dutch Antilles and employed less than 1% of its workforce in the UK.
Lakshmi Mittal : In 2002 Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price obtained a letter written by Tony Blair to the Romanian Government in support of Mittal's LNM steel company, which was in the process of bidding to buy Romania's state-owned steel industry.
Cüneyt Çakır : He has been FIFA listed since 2006 and a member of the UEFA Elite since 2010.
Cüneyt Çakır : Cüneyt Çakır (, born 23 November 1976) is a Turkish football referee.
Nicolao Dumitru : Nicolao Manuel Dumitru Cardoso (born 12 October 1991) is an Italian-Romanian footballer who plays for Romanian club Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Nicolao Dumitru : On 27 August he scored on his debut, in the first match of the league, against Juve Stabia.
Nicolao Dumitru : On 1 August 2017, Dumitru signed a two-year deal with Spanish Segunda División club AD Alcorcón.
Nicolao Dumitru : Dumitru was born in Nacka, Sweden to a Romanian father (who later took Italian citizenship) and an Afro-Brazilian mother, and successively moved to Empoli, Tuscany in 1998 with his parents.
Nicolao Dumitru : On 30 August 2016, Dumitru joined Nottingham Forest on a season-long loan.
Nicolao Dumitru : On 25 July 2019, Nicolao Dumitru signed a two-year contract with Romanian club Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Nicolao Dumitru : He debuted on 24 August 2014 in the season's premiere home match against Skoda Xanthi where he scored his first goal.
Bobby Lashley : and "Raw".
Bobby Lashley : At No Surrender, he defeated Rhino with a knockout punch.
Bobby Lashley : He defended the title on July 3 against Young.
Bobby Lashley : According to Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker, the bout would likely be the fourth bout on the CBS televised portion of the event.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley later joined forces with Batista against the Court.
Bobby Lashley : This sparked a Miracle on the 34th Street Fight type of match between the two, in which Lashley was defeated.
Bobby Lashley : On April 5, Lashley confirmed that he will not appear on the card since Strikeforce officials could not guarantee an appearance on the televised portion of the card due to time constraints.
Bobby Lashley : In mid-2005, Lashley appeared at four live events, wrestling in dark matches for both the "Raw" and "SmackDown!"
Bobby Lashley : Bobby was set to appear at in June fighting Ron Sparks however he suffered a knee injury and did not compete.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley went on to defeat numerous superstars both on "SmackDown!"
Bobby Lashley : Afterwards, he reignited his feud with Elias, this included a ladder match with a guitar hanging above the ring at which Lashley lost, but after the match used the guitar on Elias.
Bobby Lashley : On June 25 (aired July 17) Lashley defended the title against Jeff Hardy.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley next entered "SmackDown!
Bobby Lashley : Lashley was expected to fight on April 17, 2010 at , as the promotion had already submitted an opponent for Lashley and was awaiting approval from the Tennessee Athletic Commission.
Bobby Lashley : Franklin Roberto Lashley (born July 16, 1976) is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Bobby Lashley : Following the Royal Rumble, Lashley began a feud with John Bradshaw Layfield leading up to a match at No Way Out, where Lashley suffered his first loss in singles competition, largely due to interference from Finlay.
Bobby Lashley : On the November 11 episode of "SmackDown!
Bobby Lashley : Lashley would later team with Braun Strowman at Backlash in a victorious effort against Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn.
Bobby Lashley : At Final Resolution, Lashley avenged his prior loss and defeated Steiner in a Last Man Standing match with a pipeshot.
Bobby Lashley : He was introduced as a three-time National Amateur Wrestling Champion, a four-time All-American, a two-time Armed Forces Champion, and a 2002 Silver Medalist at the Military World Championship.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley signed with the Maximum Fighting Championship and made his debut on 15 May against Mike Cook, who made his ring entrance wearing a Rey Mysterio mask, which Lashley took as an insult.
Bobby Lashley : During this feud, Lashley won his first professional wrestling championship by defeating JBL for the United States Championship, which he lost to Finlay a little less than two months later.
Bobby Lashley : These acts developed into a feud with the newly named "King Booker" and the other members of his court (Queen Sharmell, Finlay, and William Regal).
Bobby Lashley : He eliminated both Test and The Big Show by pinfall after a spear to become the new ECW World Champion, thus making him the first African American in ECW history to win the title.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley regained the championship on January 7, 2015, thanks to interference from MVP, King, Samoa Joe and Low Ki, as well as Eric Young turning on Roode.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley made his mixed martial arts debut at the Mixed Fighting Alliance (MFA) inaugural event "There Will Be Blood" on December 13, 2008 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida.
Bobby Lashley : At "Impact Wrestling": Destination X, on July 31, Lashley defended the title against Austin Aries, who had forfeited the X Division Championship for a title shot.
Bobby Lashley : On March 9, 2014, Lashley returned to TNA at Lockdown in Miami, Florida, answering Ethan Carter III's open challenge after his scheduled opponent Kurt Angle could not wrestle due to an injury.
Bobby Lashley : At the Royal Rumble, Lashley was the eighth wrestler to enter the match, in which he eliminated Sylvain, but he was then eliminated by the combination of Raw's then World Tag Team Champions Big Show and Kane.
Bobby Lashley : On the March 20 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Lashley and Carter had a rematch that once again ended in a no contest after an interference by Willow attacking Carter.
Bobby Lashley : He was assigned to the development territory Ohio Valley Wrestling, where he was known as Blaster Lashley, and was a member of the Bolin Services stable along with Mike Mondo and Ken Doane.
Bobby Lashley : At Survivor Series, which Team Raw won, Lashley was among the sole survivors along with Braun Strowman and Drew McIntyre.
Bobby Lashley : On the June 3 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Lashley defeated Eric Young after Chris Melendez caused a distraction for Young.
Bobby Lashley : Lashley defeated Eric Young on June 19 episode of "Impact Wrestling" to win the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, his first title in TNA, making him the first African American in TNA history to win the title as well as his third world championship reign overall.
Bobby Lashley : On the January 16 episode of "Impact Wrestling", MVP attempted to present Lashley as the centerpiece of his The Beat Down Clan, while referencing the trio of themselves and King as the foundation of the BDC, Lashley refused to become a part of this new group, however, and decided to leave, only to be attacked by the other members, with MVP saying that the title belongs to the BDC, this turned Lashley face in the process.
Bobby Lashley : He, along with Kenzo Suzuki and Electroshock, defeated Chessman, Silver King, and La Parka, Jr.
Bobby Lashley : On the January 14, 2019 episode of "Raw", Lashley won the Intercontinental Champion for the first time in his career, from Dean Ambrose in a triple threat match that also involved Seth Rollins, beginning his first title reign in WWE since June 2007.
Bobby Lashley : On the May 15 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Lashley made his return after running out to the aid of Eric Young, but instead hitting Young with a spear, and allying himself along with MVP and Kenny King, turning heel in the process.
Bobby Lashley : On September 18, 2014, at the tapings for the edition of October 28 of "Impact Wrestling", Lashley lost the World Heavyweight Championship to Bobby Roode.
Bobby Lashley : On the September 16 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Team TNA (Lashley, Drew Galloway, Davey Richards, Eddie Edwards and Bram) defeated Team GFW (Jeff Jarrett, Eric Young, Chris Mordetzky, Brian Myers and Sonjay Dutt) in a Lethal Lockdown match.
Synyster Gates : Gates is of Spanish and German ancestry.
Synyster Gates : Synyster Gates married Michelle DiBenedetto on May 7, 2010.
Synyster Gates : Synyster Gates uses mainly Schecter Guitars.
Synyster Gates : Gates studied at the Musicians Institute in Los Angeles, California, as part of the Guitar Institute of Music program, studying jazz and classical guitar.
Synyster Gates : The couple have two children, a son, Nicolangelo "Nicci" Saint James Haner, born May 12, 2017, and a daughter, Monroe Saint James, born October 14, 2019.
Synyster Gates : On April 20, 2011, Gates won the Revolver Golden God award for Best Guitarist along with bandmate, Zacky Vengeance.
Synyster Gates : He cites Dimebag Darrell, Steve Vai, John Petrucci, Slash, Marty Friedman, Zakk Wylde, Allan Holdsworth, Mr. Bungle, Frank Gambale, and Oingo Boingo as his artistic influences.
Synyster Gates : Gates was featured on the EP "Warmness on the Soul" which contains select songs from the first album as well as his new version of "To End The Rapture".
Synyster Gates : Brian Elwin Haner Jr. (born July 7, 1981), better known by his stage name Synyster Gates or simply Syn, is an American musician, best known for being the lead guitarist and backing vocalist of the band Avenged Sevenfold.
Peter Snell : At age 19, Snell was motivated to concentrate seriously on running by the comments of his future coach, Arthur Lydiard, who told him, "Peter, with the sort of speed you've got, if you do the endurance training, you could be one of our best middle-distance runners."
Peter Snell : Snell died at his home in Dallas on 12 December 2019, just five days short of turning 81.
Peter Snell : Sir Peter George Snell (17 December 1938 – 12 December 2019) was a New Zealand middle-distance runner.
Peter Snell : As a teenager, Snell excelled in tennis, and pursued the sport through appearances at the Auckland and New Zealand Junior Tennis Championships.
Peter Snell : He attended Mount Albert Grammar School in Auckland, where he took up a wide range of team and individual sports, including rugby union, cricket, tennis, badminton, and golf.
Peter Snell : In all, Snell set five individual world records and joined fellow New Zealand athletes to set a new four by one mile relay record as well.
Peter Snell : Snell's former world records of 1:44.3 for 800 m (3 February 1962) and 2:16.6 for 1000 m (12 November 1964), remain the New Zealand national records for these distances.
Peter Snell : It was not achieved by a male at an open global championship until Moroccan-born Rashid Ramzi of Bahrain won both golds at the World Championships in 2005 at Helsinki.
Peter Snell : During his early career under the tutelage of Lydiard, he started with New Zealand titles and records for 880 yards and the mile, despite being an unusually large and powerful man by typical middle-distance runner standards.
Jorge Dely Valdés : Jorge was a very dangerous striker for the Panama national team for over a decade, playing 27 games with the team in the 1994, 1998, 2002 and 2006 World Cup Qualifying cycles.
Jorge Dely Valdés : In the next year, he won the Chilean Cup championship with Unión Española.
Jorge Dely Valdés : He represented his country at the 1995 and 2001 UNCAF Nations Cups.
Jorge Dely Valdés : League season to play in Major League Soccer for the Colorado Rapids.
Jorge Dely Valdés : Jorge Luis Dely Valdés (born March 12, 1967) is a Panamanian former footballer who played as a forward.
Jorge Dely Valdés : He returned to Japan to play for Omiya Ardija alongside compatriot Alfredo Anderson and joined Kawasaki Frontale in 2003.
Jorge Dely Valdés : In the Gold Cup of 2005, he scored two goals and led Panama to the final match against the United States.
Jorge Dely Valdés : He made his debut in a May 1991 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Honduras and earned a total of 48 caps, scoring 19 goals.
Len Wiseman : Wiseman's first marriage was to a kindergarten teacher named Dana.
Len Wiseman : On November 20, 2015, it was announced that they were separating and in 2016, he filed for divorce, citing "irreconcilable differences".
Len Wiseman : He is best known for his work on the "Underworld" series, "Live Free or Die Hard", and the 2012 film "Total Recall".
Len Wiseman : Beckinsale also ended a relationship with her partner Michael Sheen.
Len Wiseman : Len Ryan Wiseman (born March 4, 1973) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Dominique A : Dominique A collaborates regularly with other artists and on other projects.
Dominique A : for Jane Birkin's 2006 album, Fictions.
Dominique A : He asked his fans to write about their relationship with his music, and some of their letters were published in the booklet accompanying Le Détour.
Dominique A : He began, at the start of the 1990s, to record more songs, which were both minimalist and rock in style.
Dominique A : Dominique Ané (born 6 October 1968), better known as "Dominique A", is a French songwriter and singer.
Dominique A : The end result would be "Tout sera comme avant" (Everything will be like it was before), which was released in 2004.
Dominique A : He has also composed several songs for Jeanne Balibar's second album, "Slalom Dale" and wrote "Où est la ville ?"
Dominique A : He has also sung the song "Veruca Salt et Frank Black" in trio with Keren Ann and Vincent Delerm on the latter's second album, Kensington Square.
Dominique A : Dominique's discovery of Alain Bashung's dark 2002 album, "L'Imprudence" shocked him to the point that it put his music into question and he decided to explore different ways of working.
Dominique A : His commercial success grew in 1995, with "Le twenty-two bar", a single off the album, "La Mémoire Neuve", but this success left a bitter taste in Dominique's mouth, as he considered the song to be particularly badly written.
Favio Fernández : Favio Damián Fernández (born 25 July 1972 in Quilmes) is a retired Argentine footballer.
Gheorghe Craioveanu : Gheorghe "Gică" Craioveanu (born 14 February 1968) is a Romanian retired footballer who played as a striker.
Gheorghe Craioveanu : He also worked as a co-presenter in La Sexta's football programme "Minuto y Resultado", and a radio commentator on Onda Cero; after his first marriage ended in divorce, he remarried with a Spanish woman named Gemma, and eventually fathered two children, one from each union.
Akiyuki Shinbo : He has since participated in most of Shaft's works as a director or supervisor.
Akiyuki Shinbo : Along with Shin Oonuma and Tatsuya Oishi, Shinbo was subsequently hired by the new Shaft chief director, Mitsutoshi Kubota, as a 'supervisor', director, and 'educator' for new members of the studio.
Akiyuki Shinbo : Shinbo then contacted Gen Urobuchi to work on the project as a scriptwriter and Ume Aoki as a character designer.
Akiyuki Shinbo : During the production of "Hidamari Sketch" and "Bakemonogatari", Shinbo expressed to Aniplex producer Atsuhiro Iwakami his desire to create a new magical girl series, thus spawning the development of "Puella Magi Madoka Magica".
Akiyuki Shinbo : Shinbo participated with Seven Arcs starting with "Triangle Heart: Sweet Songs Forever" in 2003, and then become a director for 2004's spin-off "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha".
Akiyuki Shinbo : Shinbo participated with Studio Pierrot in 1990 as an episode director in "Karakuri Kengouden Musashi Lord".
Michael Stonebraker : Cohera's intellectual property was purchased by PeopleSoft in 2001,
Michael Stonebraker : He is also an editor for the book "Readings in Database Systems".
Michael Stonebraker : In 1994 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Michael Stonebraker : By the mid-1970s, Stonebraker's team produced, using a rotating team of student programmers, a usable relational database system.
Michael Stonebraker : Subsequently, sold to Computer Associates, Ingres was re-established as an independent company in 2005, and later renamed Actian.
Michael Stonebraker : and Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1967 and 1971 respectively.
Michael Stonebraker : His awards include the IEEE John von Neumann Medal and the first SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award.
Michael Stonebraker : POSTGRES was also offered using a BSD-like license, and the code forms the basis of today's free software, PostgreSQL.
Michael Stonebraker : He is also the founder of many database companies, including Ingres Corporation, Illustra, Paradigm4, StreamBase Systems, Tamr, Vertica and VoltDB, and served as chief technical officer of Informix.
Michael Stonebraker : Stonebraker also led an effort to commercialize the code, creating Illustra which was purchased by Informix.
Michael Stonebraker : Ingres used a variation of the BSD license for a nominal fee, and soon a number of companies took advantage of this to create commercial versions of Ingres .
Michael Stonebraker : By the early 1980s, however, the performance and capabilities of these low-end machines were seriously threatening IBM's mainframe market, and with the threat came the ability of Ingres to become a viable, "real" product for a large number of applications.
Michael Stonebraker : These included Stonebraker, who with fellow Berkeley professors Larry Rowe and Eugene Wong helped found Relational Technology, Inc., later called Ingres Corporation.
Michael Stonebraker : At the time Ingres was considered "low end" compared to IBM's System R, as it ran on Unix-based Digital Equipment Corporation machines as opposed to the "big iron" IBM mainframes.
Michael Stonebraker : Michael Ralph Stonebraker (born October 11, 1943) is a computer scientist specializing in database research.
Michael Stonebraker : In 1973, Stonebraker and his colleague Eugene Wong started researching relational database systems after reading a series of seminal papers published by Edgar F. Codd on the relational data model.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : Jaime Mayor Oreja (born 12 June 1951) is a former Spanish conservative politician of the People's Party.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : Mayor Oreja was born and raised in San Sebastián, in the Spanish Basque Country, where he attended a school run by Marianists.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : He earned an agricultural engineering degree and briefly studied law before dropping out to enter politics.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : Upon entering government, he had to deal with the ETA's kidnapping of José Antonio Ortega Lara.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : He famously coined the term "tregua-trampa", or "trap truce", and he publicly stated his refusal to engage in any political negotiation with ETA.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : In 2004 he was mentioned as a potential successor to the outgoing Spanish prime minister José María Aznar, but the latter finally opted for Mariano Rajoy instead.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : After José María Aznar's win in the 1996 Spanish Parliamentary Elections, Mayor Oreja was appointed Minister of the Interior.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : He has denounced what he deems as the "moral decadence" of modern society, and claimed that abortion is something ""worthy of bolcheviques"", and deployed intense lobbying activity defending these stances in Latin America.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : It was Marcelino Oreja who introduced his nephew to politics.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : He served as member of the Basque Parliament, of the Spanish Parliament, and of the European Parliament, as well as being Spanish Minister of the Interior between 1996 and 2000.
Jaime Mayor Oreja : His grandfather Marcelino Oreja Elósegui, a Catholic activist and Carlist politician, was a victim of the Asturian strike action of 1934, and his uncle Marcelino Oreja Aguirre served extensively in the Spanish civil service and in the European Parliament.
Alex Caffi : He participated in 75 Grands Prix, debuting on 7 September 1986.
Alex Caffi : Alessandro "Alex" Caffi (born 18 March 1964) is an Italian racing driver, former Formula One driver, and team owner.
Alex Caffi : 25 years after his Formula 1 career Italian Alex Caffi won on the streets of the Principality during the Monaco Grand Prix Historique 2016.
Pedro Bordaberry : He was also appointed Industry and Energy minister (2002–2003) and Sports and Youth minister (2003–2004).
Pedro Bordaberry : Also, he finished highschool at Instituto Preuniversitario Salesiano Juan XXIII.
Pedro Bordaberry : With that campaign in mind he hired the same advisors who used to work for Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.
Pedro Bordaberry : Juan Pedro Bordaberry Herrán (born 28 April 1960) is a Uruguayan political figure from the Colorado Party.
Pedro Bordaberry : He is a son of Juan Maria Bordaberry, former President of Uruguay from 1972 to 1976.
Pedro Bordaberry : He also participated in the mayoral elections for Montevideo, but lost to Ricardo Ehrlich, of the "Frente Amplio".
Juvhel Tsoumou : As a 10-year-old, Tsoumou came with his mother, who was studying economics, to Zwickau, where he began to play in the youth system of FSV Zwickau.
Ariel Ibagaza : Ariel Miguel Santiago Ibagaza (born 27 October 1976) is an Argentine retired footballer.
Gerard López : Subsequently, he renewed his contract for another year.
Gerard López : On 22 July 2015, he was appointed at Barcelona B after their relegation to Segunda División B.
Gerard López : Gerard López Segú (; born 12 March 1979), usually known as just Gerard, is a Spanish retired professional footballer, and a manager.
Gerard López : During this time with the "Che", he came to be regarded as one of the top players in Spain and, after receiving interest from several top clubs in Europe, including Inter Milan, A.C. Milan and Manchester United, he decided to join his former club Barcelona in July 2000, in a deal worth €24 million.
Gerard López : As a 17-year-old he was signed by Valencia CF, making his La Liga debut on 31 August 1997 in a 1–2 away loss against RCD Mallorca (90 minutes played); for the 1998–99 campaign he was loaned to Deportivo Alavés, which had returned to the top flight after a four-decade absence.
Fernando Couto : !
Fernando Couto : Fernando Manuel Silva Couto, (; born 2 August 1969) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a central defender.
Fernando Couto : In 2005, aged 36, Couto returned to Parma after 11 years as Lazio was unable to match his wage demands for a contract renewal.
Fernando Couto : Couto returned to Porto in 1990, being an instrumental defensive unit in the conquest of six titles during his four-year spell.
Fernando Couto : He was selected as captain for Euro 2004 which was played on home soil, starting the first game but eventually being relegated to the bench by Ricardo Carvalho as Portugal lost in the decisive match against Greece.
Lê Công Vinh : League Division 2, he settled with a one-year loan move back to Sông Lam Nghệ An.
Lê Công Vinh : His favourite approach is to attack the box from both flanks and attempt to strike or create scoring opportunities for his teammates.
Lê Công Vinh : The deal was facilitated by Henrique Calisto, who was once Leixões' manager.
Lê Công Vinh : Vinh is widely considered one of the best players in South-East Asia.
Lê Công Vinh : Vinh is widely considered the one of the best strikers that Sông Lam Nghệ An has ever produced, along with Phạm Văn Quyến.
Lê Công Vinh : Lê Công Vinh (born 10 December 1985, in Nghệ An, Vietnam) is a retired Vietnamese footballer.
Lê Công Vinh : However, he decided to return to Vietnam one month earlier than expected because Consadole Sapporo could not advance to the play-off match.
Lê Công Vinh : After turning down trial offers from Sriwijaya of the Indonesia Super League and Consadole Sapporo of the J.
Lê Công Vinh : On 24 August 2009, Vinh officially signed with Leixões and was given the number 29 shirt.
Lê Công Vinh : Additionally, Vinh has stated that he idolises Luís Figo and Cristiano Ronaldo, two of the best wingers in modern football.
Lê Công Vinh : After Hà Nội FC was dissolved following the 2012 season, Công Vinh began the long process of finding a new club.
Lê Công Vinh : Two days later, in a friendly match against Padroense F.C., he scored his first goal for the club, as a substitute, in the 89th minute to secure a 2–0 win.
Lê Công Vinh : At the beginning of August 2009, T&T announced that Vinh would be joining Leixões Sport Club of Portugal in a three-month loan deal, starting 1 September 2009.
Lê Công Vinh : His first-team debut came on 4 October, in a league contest against União de Leiria, making him the first ever Vietnamese footballer to play in a professional European league; he played the entire ninety minutes in an eventual 3–2 home win, despite trailing for most of the game.
Lê Công Vinh : Vinh was set to sign a three-year extension with T&T but decided to move to ACB after the controversial 2011 V-League season and the set up at ACB.
Lê Công Vinh : On 18 October 2009, Vinh scored his first official goal for Leixões, in a 2–1 Portuguese Cup win against Casa Pia AC.
Lê Công Vinh : In 2008, after a well-documented transfer saga, Vinh turned down Thể Công at the last minute to accept a more lucrative offer from Hà Nội T&T; it was the highest transfer fee in Vietnamese football at the time.
Lê Công Vinh : Le Cong Vinh made the move from T&T to its city rivals Hà Nội FC in September 2011.
Lê Công Vinh : In the first leg of the final, Vinh scored the second to give Vietnam a victory against Thailand in Bangkok.
Lê Công Vinh : In the second leg, Vinh set off a wild celebration throughout Vietnam as he headed home the tying goal in the last minute time to give Vietnam the first ever ASEAN Football Championship title.
Martin Amis : Amis was born in Oxford, England.
Martin Amis : Martin Louis Amis (born 25 August 1949) is a British novelist, essayist, memoirist, and screenwriter.
Martin Amis : Amis returned to Britain in September 2006 after living in Uruguay for two and a half years with his second wife, the writer Isabel Fonseca, and their two young daughters.
Àlex Crivillé : in the process.
Àlex Crivillé : With Crivillé performing well in 1995, expectations were high in 1996.
Àlex Crivillé : Last year was so bad that everyone said I was finished.
Àlex Crivillé : In Japan however, it was a much closer affair.
Àlex Crivillé : Points system from 1993 onwards:
Àlex Crivillé : Points system from 1969 to 1987:
Àlex Crivillé : In 1992 he became the first Spaniard to win a 500cc Grand Prix and, in 1999 he became the first Spaniard to win the 500cc World Championship.
Àlex Crivillé : Points system from 1988 to 1992:
Àlex Crivillé : Àlex Crivillé Tapias (born 4 March 1970) is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave : He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 2005, at age 14.
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave : Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (; born 21 October 1990) is a French chess player, the top ranked of his country.
Agustí Villaronga : Instead he had to take some commission works.
Agustí Villaronga : Agustí Villaronga Riutort (; born 4 March 1953) is a Balearic Spanish film director, screenwriter and actor.
Agustí Villaronga : His film "El niño de la luna" was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
Agustí Villaronga : In 1992 he made a documentary, "Al Andaluz", produced by Segetel and the MoMa of New York city.
Marcos Angeleri : Under coach Diego Simeone he also played as a libero.
Marcos Angeleri : Having fully recovered, Angeleri played in the 2010 Clausura tournament and the 2010 Copa Libertadores.
Marcos Angeleri : In 2008 Angeleri was part of the Estudiantes team that finished as runners up in the Copa Sudamericana 2008, and then was a regular player in the team that won the Copa Libertadores 2009, although he missed the latter stages of the tournament through an injury, which also frustrated a transfer to Europe, where several top sides were interested in him.
Marcos Angeleri : Marcos Alberto Angeleri (born 7 April 1983) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Uruguayan club Club Nacional de Football as a central defender.
Marcos Angeleri : In May 2011, Angeleri returned to Argentina to see a knee specialist about an injury problem picked up during the pre-season game between Sunderland and Benfica in Portugal.
Marcos Angeleri : He made his debut on 26 December 2010 against Manchester United as a late replacement for Bolo Zenden in a 2–0 defeat.
Marcos Angeleri : His freedom to join the attack was increased after the arrival of Leonardo Astrada as coach in mid-2008, causing Angeleri to be noticed by Maradona and by South American sports journalists, who voted Angeleri in a top-ten place in the 2008 edition of the South American Footballer of the Year award.
Marcos Angeleri : On 13 May 2017, he scored his first goal as a San Lorenzo player in the derby against Huracán de Tres Arroyos.
Marcos Angeleri : On 30 January 2016, he returned to Argentina to play in San Lorenzo de Almagro transferring as a free agent on a two-year contract.
Marcos Angeleri : He made his first start for Sunderland in a FA Cup match against Notts County on 8 January 2011.
Donald Tusk : He enrolled at the University of Gdańsk to study history, and graduated in 1980.
Donald Tusk : Upon acceding to his position as President of the European Council Tusk was criticized for his poor English skills and lack of knowledge of French.
Donald Tusk : He served as the prime minister of Poland from 2007 to 2014 and was a co-founder and chairman of the Civic Platform ("Platforma Obywatelska") political party.
Donald Tusk : In continental policy, Tusk strongly supported greater political and economic integration within the European Union, strongly backing the implementation of the Lisbon Treaty, standing in stark contrast to President Lech Kaczyński's vehement opposition.
Donald Tusk : In 1994, the Congress merged with the Democratic Union to form the Freedom Union.
Donald Tusk : He resigned as Polish prime minister to take the role, having been the longest-serving prime minister of the Third Polish Republic.
Donald Tusk : Under its presidency tenure, Poland supported and welcomed Croatia's entry into the European Union through the Treaty of Accession 2011.
Donald Tusk : Tusk repeatedly stated his government's intention in bringing Poland into the Eurozone.
Donald Tusk : They have two children: a son, Michał and a daughter, Katarzyna.
Donald Tusk : However, during the European sovereign debt crisis, Tusk and his government displayed less optimism in joining the monetary union under contemporary economic circumstances, leading to Finance Minister Jan Vincent-Rostowski calling any move "unthinkable."
Donald Tusk : Despite not being a member of the eurozone, Tusk pressed that Poland, along with the other non-eurozone states of the EU, should be included in future euro financial negotiations.
Donald Tusk : Between July and December 2011, Poland under Tusk's government presided over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
Donald Tusk : In September 2014, Tusk resigned his position as Prime Minister of Poland in order to take the position of President of the European Council.
Donald Tusk : He was elected prime minister in 2007 and with his party's victory in the 2011 Polish parliamentary election, he became the first prime minister to be re-elected since the fall of Communism in Poland.
Donald Tusk : Donald Franciszek Tusk (; ; born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician, who was the president of the European Council from 2014 to 2019.
Donald Tusk : His father, also named Donald Tusk (1930–1972), was a carpenter, and his mother, Ewa (née Dawidowska) Tusk (1934–2009), was a nurse.
Donald Tusk : Tusk was one of the co-founders of the free-market-oriented Liberal Democratic Congress party.
Donald Tusk : In the 2011 Polish parliamentary election, Civic Platform retained their Parliamentary majority, giving Tusk a second term as Prime Minister and making him Poland's first PM to win reelection since the fall of communism.
Carlo Rovelli : This result indicates the existence of a discrete structure of space at very small scale.
Carlo Rovelli : Rovelli refused military service, which was compulsory in Italy at the time, and was therefore briefly detained in 1987.
Carlo Rovelli : Among other important consequences, it provides a solution of the EPR paradox that does not violate locality.
Carlo Rovelli : He collaborates with several Italian newspapers, including the cultural supplements of the "Corriere della Sera", "Il Sole 24 Ore" and "La Repubblica".
Carlo Rovelli : According to this hypothesis, time emerges only in a thermodynamic or statistical context.
Carlo Rovelli : In the 1970s, he participated in the student political movements in Italian universities.
Carlo Rovelli : The idea has been developed and analyzed in particular by Bas van Fraassen and by Michel Bitbol.
Carlo Rovelli : This position led him to face the following problem: if time is not part of the fundamental theory of the world, then how does time emerge?
Carlo Rovelli : If this is correct, the flow of time is an illusion, one deriving from the incompleteness of knowledge.
Carlo Rovelli : Carlo Rovelli is an Italian theoretical physicist and writer who has worked in Italy, the United States and, since 2000, in France.
Carlo Rovelli : He has also worked in the history and philosophy of science.
Carlo Rovelli : Anaximander is presented in the book as a main initiator of scientific thinking.
Carlo Rovelli : Rovelli has written more than 200 scientific articles published in international journals.
Carlo Rovelli : But the basic ingredient is down there in the physical world: physical correlation between distinct variables.
Carlo Rovelli : He has published two monographs on loop quantum gravity and several popular science books.
Carlo Rovelli : Rovelli was on the faculty of the University of Pittsburgh from 1990 to 2000.
Carlo Rovelli : The book analyses the main aspects of scientific thinking and articulates Rovelli's views on science.
Carlo Rovelli : Carlo Rovelli was born in Verona, Italy, on 3 May 1956.
Carlo Rovelli : In conjunction with his political activity, he was charged, but later released, for crimes of opinion related to the book "Fatti Nostri," which he co-authored with Enrico Palandri, Maurizio Torrealta, and Claudio Piersanti.
Carlo Rovelli : He was involved with the free political radio stations Radio Alice in Bologna and Radio Anguana in Verona, which he helped found.
Carlo Rovelli : The foundation of science, therefore, is not certainty but the very opposite, a radical uncertainty about our own knowledge, or equivalently, an acute awareness of the extent of our ignorance.
Carlo Rovelli : Rovelli discusses his religious views in several articles and in his book on Anaximander.
Carlo Rovelli : Rovelli has written a book on the Greek philosopher Anaximander, published in France, Italy, US and Brazil.
Carlo Rovelli : He has also held the post of affiliated professor in the Department of History and Philosophy of Science of the University of Pittsburgh.
Carlo Rovelli : In 1981, Rovelli graduated with a BS/MS in physics from the University of Bologna, and in 1986 he obtained his PhD at the University of Padova, Italy.
Carlo Rovelli : He held postdoctoral positions at the University of Rome, University of Trieste and at Yale University.
Carlo Rovelli : He currently works in the Centre de Physique Théorique de Luminy of Aix-Marseille University.
Carlo Rovelli : He argues that the conflict between rational/scientific thinking and structured religion may find periods of truce ("there is no contradiction between solving Maxwell's equations and believing that God created Heaven and Earth"), but it is ultimately unsolvable because (most) religions demand the acceptance of some unquestionable truths while scientific thinking is based on the continuous questioning of any truth.
Carlo Rovelli : He works mainly in the field of quantum gravity and is a founder of loop quantum gravity theory.
Carlo Rovelli : In 1993, in collaboration with Alain Connes, Rovelli proposed a solution to this problem called the thermal time hypothesis.
Carlo Rovelli : For Rovelli, science is a continuous process of exploring novel possible views of the world; this happens via a "learned rebellion", which always builds and relies on previous knowledge but at the same time continuously questions aspects of this received knowledge.
Carlo Rovelli : In 1994, Rovelli introduced the relational interpretation of quantum mechanics, based on the idea that the quantum state of a system must always be interpreted relative to another physical system (like the "velocity of an object" is always relative to another object, in classical mechanics).
Carlo Rovelli : In his 2004 book, "Quantum Gravity", Rovelli developed a formulation of classical and quantum mechanics that does not make explicit reference to the notion of time.
Carlo Rovelli : Thus, for Rovelli the source of the conflict is not the pretense of science to give answers — the universe, for Rovelli, is full of mystery and a source of awe and emotions — but, on the contrary, the source of the conflict is the acceptance of our ignorance at the foundation of science, which clashes with religions' pretense to be depositories of certain knowledge.
Carlo Rovelli : In 1995, Rovelli and Smolin obtained a basis of states of quantum gravity, labelled by Penrose's spin networks, and using this basis they were able to show that the theory predicts that area and volume are quantized.
Carlo Rovelli : In 1988, Rovelli, Lee Smolin and Abhay Ashtekar introduced a theory of quantum gravity called loop quantum gravity.
Carlo Rovelli : In 2008, in collaboration with Jonathan Engle and Roberto Pereira, he has introduced the spin foam vertex amplitude which is the basis of the current definition of the loop quantum gravity covariant dynamics.
Patxi Ferreira : Francisco 'Patxi' Ferreira Colmenero (born 22 May 1967) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Patxi Ferreira : Ferreira played twice for Spain in as many friendlies, the first being a 1–2 loss with Yugoslavia in Oviedo on 14 September 1988.
Patxi Ferreira : Ferreira was born in Saucelle, Province of Salamanca, and moved to the Bilbao area at a young age, making him eligible for to play for Athletic Bilbao under their signing policy.
John McTiernan : He is best known for his action films, especially "Predator" (1987), "Die Hard" (1988), and "The Hunt for Red October" (1990).
John McTiernan : He was released from prison on February 25, 2014, after 328 days of incarceration, to serve the remainder of his 12-month prison sentence under house arrest at his ranch home in Wyoming until April 3, 2014.
John McTiernan : McTiernan surrendered to federal prison on April 3, 2013, to serve a stated 12-month sentence in the Federal Prison Camp, Yankton, in Yankton, South Dakota, a minimum-security former college campus holding about 800 male mainly white-collar criminal offenders.
John McTiernan : John Campbell McTiernan Jr. (born January 8, 1951) is an American filmmaker.
Benito Floro : Benito Floro Sanz (born 2 June 1952) is a Spanish football manager.
Benito Floro : On 5 July 2013, the Canadian Soccer Association announced him as the new manager of the national team, taking over from interim coach Colin Miller on 1 August.
Feng Renliang : Feng Renliang started his football career playing for third-tier side Tianjin Locomotive in 2008 where he was considered a highly talented youngster.
Feng Renliang : He was scouted by several Chinese clubs before joining top-tier side Shanghai Shenhua at the beginning of the 2010 league season with teammate Song Boxuan.
Feng Renliang : Feng Renliang (; ; born 12 May 1988) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Beijing Renhe.
Steve Martin : The riff took on a life of its own.
Steve Martin : That lasted for three years (1955–1958).
Steve Martin : His time at college changed his life.
Steve Martin : He has been quoted as saying "You just get used to it, or you go insane."
Steve Martin : About this decision, he states:
Steve Martin : On the "Comedy Is Not Pretty!"
Steve Martin : Instead, they were told they were invited to a party and were surprised by the nuptials.
Steve Martin : The film was nominated for an Academy Award as "Best Short Film, Live Action".
Steve Martin : Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket.
Steve Martin : He was anxious to perform in the movie because of his desire to avoid being typecast.
Steve Martin : The film was a financial failure; Martin's comment at the time was "I don't know what to blame, other than it's me and not a comedy."
Steve Martin : Martin was able to pick out each note and perfect his playing.
Steve Martin : He appeared at San Francisco's The Boarding House, among other venues.
Steve Martin : It also garnered recognition from Hollywood and the public that he was more than a comedian.
Steve Martin : While attending college, he appeared in an episode of "The Dating Game".
Steve Martin : He was awarded an Honorary Academy Award at the Academy's 5th Annual Governors Awards in 2013.
Steve Martin : In 2010, he published the novel "An Object of Beauty."
Steve Martin : In an open letter in the local "Observer" newspaper, Martin wrote:
Steve Martin : "Just a wild and crazy guy" became another of Martin's known catch phrases.
Steve Martin : Sherk enrolled at UCLA, about an hour's drive north, and the distance eventually caused them to lead separate lives.
Steve Martin : He performed a 10-minute routine before turning the stage over to Seinfeld.
Steve Martin : Martin first picked up the banjo when he was around 17 years of age.
Steve Martin : He was proud but critical, with Martin later recalling that in his teens his feelings for his father were mostly ones of hatred.
Steve Martin : In 2009, the school board in La Grande, Oregon, refused to allow the play to be performed after several parents complained about the content.
Steve Martin : Expressing his affection through gifts, like cars and bikes, Martin's father was stern, and not emotionally open to his son.
Steve Martin : Skillfully forged paintings from this group were sold to French galleries like the one where Martin bought the forgery.
Steve Martin : When combined, the two films grossed over $230 million at the box office.
Steve Martin : "SNL" audience jumped by a million viewers when he made guest appearances, and he was one of the show's most successful hosts.
Steve Martin : Fifteen months later, the painting was sold at auction to a Swiss businesswoman for €500,000.
Steve Martin : But unknown to his audience, stand-up comedy was "just an accident" for him; his real goal was to get into film.
Steve Martin : Before the purchase, an expert authenticated the work and identified the painter's signature on a label attached to the back.
Steve Martin : That same year, he also played the villainous Mr. Chairman in the animation/live action blend, "".
Steve Martin : He reprised the role in 2009's "The Pink Panther 2".
Steve Martin : In one comedy routine, used on the "Comedy Is Not Pretty!"
Steve Martin : The film was a huge success, grossing over $100 million on a budget of approximately $4 million.
Steve Martin : album, Martin claimed that his real name was "Gern Blanston".
Steve Martin : There is a Gern Blanston website, and for a time a rock band took the moniker as its name.
Steve Martin : Martin was a cheerleader of Garden Grove High School.
Steve Martin : The track "Excuse Me" on his first album, "Let's Get Small" (1977), helped establish a national catch phrase.
Steve Martin : With this kind of outstanding success, Martin's show soon required full sized stadiums for the audiences he was drawing.
Steve Martin : Lorne Michaels, creator of "Saturday Night Live", was best man.
Steve Martin : Concerned about his visibility in venues on such a scale, Martin began to wear a distinctive three piece white suit that became a trademark for his act.
Steve Martin : He also wrote for "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour", and "The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour."
Steve Martin : He made his first substantial feature film appearance in the musical "Sgt.
Steve Martin : One of his earliest memories is of seeing his father, as an extra, serving drinks onstage at the Call Board Theatre on Melrose Place.
Steve Martin : Club" described Martin's unique style and its impact on audiences:
Steve Martin : During his free time, he frequented the Main Street Magic shop, where tricks were demonstrated to patrons.
Steve Martin : In November, they went on to play at the Royal Festival Hall in London with support from Mary Black.
Steve Martin : Throughout the 1990s, Martin wrote various pieces for "The New Yorker".
Steve Martin : By 1960, he had mastered several magic tricks and illusions and took a paying job at the Magic shop in Fantasyland in August.
Steve Martin : On his comedy albums, Martin's stand-up is self-referential and sometimes self-mocking.
Steve Martin : Inspired by his philosophy classes, Martin considered becoming a professor instead of an actor–comedian.
Steve Martin : In 1967, Martin transferred to UCLA and switched his major to theater.
Steve Martin : On the show, Martin popularized the air quotes gesture, which uses four fingers to make double quote marks in the air.
Steve Martin : Martin did his stand-up routine opening for the band in the early 1970s.
Steve Martin : He continued to write, earning an Emmy nomination for his work on "Van Dyke and Company" in 1976.
Steve Martin : Martin stopped doing stand-up comedy in 1981 to concentrate on movies and did not return for 35 years.
Steve Martin : His first substantial film appearance was in a short titled "The Absent-Minded Waiter" (1977).
Steve Martin : Along with the other writers for the show, Martin won an Emmy Award in 1969, aged 23.
Steve Martin : Both albums won Grammys for "Best Comedy Recording" in 1977 and 1978, respectively.
Steve Martin : Martin began working local clubs at night, to mixed notices, and at twenty-one, he dropped out of college.
Steve Martin : In the 1970s, his TV appearances led to the release of comedy albums that went platinum.
Steve Martin : Martin's first job was at Disneyland, selling guidebooks on weekends and full-time during his school's summer break.
Steve Martin : He later re-teamed with Moranis in the Mafia comedy "My Blue Heaven" (1990).
Steve Martin : Disney continued to run the show until March 2009, which now plays in the lobby of "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln".
Steve Martin : His style is off-kilter and ironic and sometimes pokes fun at stand-up comedy traditions, such as Martin opening his act (from "A Wild and Crazy Guy") by saying: Or: "Hello, I'm Steve Martin, and I'll be out here in a minute."
Steve Martin : "Love Has Come for You", a collaboration album with Edie Brickell, was released in April 2013.
Steve Martin : While on the show Martin became close with several of the cast members, including Gilda Radner.
Steve Martin : Martin had a small role in the 1972 film "Another Nice Mess".
Steve Martin : After a three-year hiatus, Martin returned in 2015 when he voiced a role in the animated film "Home".
Steve Martin : He joined a comedy troupe at Knott's Berry Farm.
Steve Martin : In 2006, he sold Hopper's "Hotel Window" (1955) at Sotheby's for $26.8 million.
Steve Martin : He has also written the novellas "Shopgirl" (2000) and "The Pleasure of My Company" (2003), both more wry in tone than raucous.
Steve Martin : The song came out during the King Tut craze that accompanied the popular traveling exhibit of the Egyptian king's tomb artifacts.
Steve Martin : Former Nebraska Senator Bob Kerrey presided over the ceremony at Martin's Los Angeles home.
Steve Martin : The title track won the Grammy Award for Best American Roots Song.
Steve Martin : 17 on the U.S. charts in 1978 and selling over a million copies.
Steve Martin : In December 2012, Martin became a father for the first time when Stringfield gave birth to a daughter.
Steve Martin : Martin made his first appearance on The Grand Ole Opry on May 30, 2009.
Steve Martin : While working at Disneyland, he was captured in the background of the home movie that was made into the short-subject film "Disneyland Dream", incidentally becoming his first film appearance.
Steve Martin : In his authorized biography, close friend Morris Walker suggests that Martin could "be described most accurately as an agnostic ... he rarely went to church and was never involved in organized religion of his own volition".
Steve Martin : Police believe the fake Campendonk originated from an invented art collection devised by a group of German swindlers caught in 2010.
Steve Martin : Martin has had tinnitus since filming a pistol-shooting scene for the film "Three Amigos" in 1986.
Steve Martin : Martin recalls reading a treatise on comedy that led him to think: Martin periodically spoofed his philosophy studies in his 1970s stand-up act, comparing philosophy with studying geology.
Steve Martin : It is set in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina in 1945–46, with flashbacks to 1923.
Steve Martin : In 2009, an article in "The Guardian" listed Martin as one of the best actors never to receive an Oscar nomination.
Steve Martin : In 2016, he played a supporting role in the war drama "Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk".
Steve Martin : Later, he met budding actress Stormie Sherk, and they developed comedy routines and became romantically involved.
Steve Martin : Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", where he sang The Beatles' "Maxwell's Silver Hammer".
Steve Martin : The banjo was a staple of Martin's 1970s stand-up career, and he periodically poked fun at his love for the instrument.
Steve Martin : Investigators at Berlin's state criminal police office (LKA) think that Martin was a victim of German art forger Wolfgang Beltracchi.
Steve Martin : During World War II, in the United Kingdom, Martin's father had appeared in a production of "Our Town" with Raymond Massey.
Steve Martin : In 2007, he published a memoir, "Born Standing Up", which "Time" magazine named as one of the Top 10 Nonfiction Books of 2007, ranking it at 6, and praising it as "a funny, moving, surprisingly frank memoir."
Steve Martin : His next album, "A Wild and Crazy Guy" (1978), was an even bigger success, reaching the No.
Steve Martin : Starting in May 2013, he began a tour with the Steep Canyon Rangers and Edie Brickell throughout the United States.
Steve Martin : In the 1970s, Martin performed his offbeat, absurdist comedy routines before packed houses on national tours.
Steve Martin : Martin married actress Victoria Tennant on November 20, 1986; they divorced in 1994.
Steve Martin : Martin has been an avid art collector since 1968, when he bought a print by the Los Angeles artist Ed Ruscha.
Steve Martin : It mixes philosophical riffs with sudden spurts of "happy feet", banjo playing with balloon depictions of concepts like venereal disease, and the "controversial" kitten juggling (he is a master juggler; the "kittens" were stuffed animals).
Steve Martin : There he perfected his talents for magic, juggling, and creating balloon animals in the manner of mentor Wally Boag, frequently performing for tips.
Steve Martin : Several of the guests, including close friends Tom Hanks, Eugene Levy, comedian and film director Carl Reiner, and magician/actor Ricky Jay, were not informed that a wedding ceremony would take place.
Steve Martin : In the "American Idol" season eight finals, he performed alongside Michael Sarver and Megan Joy in the song "Pretty Flowers".
Steve Martin : He had the band play on his hit song "King Tut", being credited as "The Toot Uncommons" (as in Tutankhamun).
Steve Martin : In 2015, Brickell and Martin released "So Familiar" as the second installment of their partnership.
Steve Martin : By the end of the 1970s, Martin had acquired the kind of following normally reserved for rock stars, with his tour appearances typically occurring at sold-out arenas filled with tens of thousands of screaming fans.
Steve Martin : The two made musical guest appearances on talk shows, such as "The View" and "Late Show with David Letterman", to promote the album.
Steve Martin : Martin hosted the Academy Awards solo in 2001 and 2003, and with Alec Baldwin in 2010.
Steve Martin : Martin performed "King Tut" on the April 22, 1978 edition of "SNL".
Steve Martin : It was originally entitled "The Three Caballeros" and Martin was to be teamed with Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi.
Steve Martin : After high school, Martin attended Santa Ana College, taking classes in drama and English poetry.
Steve Martin : To prepare for that film, Martin took acting lessons from director Herbert Ross and spent months learning how to tap dance.
Steve Martin : The film was the first of three films teaming Martin with Rick Moranis.
Steve Martin : Sherk's influence caused Martin to apply to the California State University, Long Beach, for enrollment with a major in philosophy.
Steve Martin : In 2016, Martin made a rare return to comedy, opening for Jerry Seinfeld.
Steve Martin : In 2006, he starred in the box office hit "The Pink Panther", as the bumbling Inspector Clouseau.
Steve Martin : Martin's first TV appearance was on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" in 1968.
Steve Martin : In 2004, Comedy Central ranked Martin at sixth place in a list of the 100 greatest stand-up comics.
Steve Martin : album, he included an all-instrumental jam, titled "Drop Thumb Medley", and played the track on his 1979 concert tour.
Steve Martin : Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedies after "The Jerk": "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" in 1982, "The Man with Two Brains" in 1983 and "All of Me" in 1984, his most critically acclaimed performance up to that point.
Steve Martin : The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2005 and was featured at the Chicago International Film Festival and the Austin Film Festival before going into limited release in the US.
Steve Martin : He went on to star with Eddie Murphy in the 1999 comedy "Bowfinger," which Martin also wrote.
Steve Martin : Inspired by "Love has Come for You", Martin and Brickell collaborated on his first musical, "Bright Star".
Steve Martin : The musical debuted on Broadway on March 24, 2016.
Steve Martin : Martin appeared on 27 "Saturday Night Live" shows and he guest-hosted 15 times, bested only in number of presentations by host Alec Baldwin (who has hosted 17 times ).
Steve Martin : In his free time, he teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Kathy Westmoreland to participate in comedies and other productions at the Bird Cage Theatre.
Steve Martin : Stanley Kubrick met with him to discuss the possibility of Martin starring in a screwball comedy version of "Traumnovelle" (Kubrick later changed his approach to the material, the result of which was 1999's "Eyes Wide Shut").
Steve Martin : In 2015, working with two other curators, he organized a show, "The Idea of North: The Paintings of Lawren Harris", to introduce Americans to Canadian painter and Group of Seven co-founder Lawren Harris.
Steve Martin : In 2008, Martin appeared with the band, In the Minds of the Living, during a show in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Steve Martin : Nitty Gritty Dirt Band member John McEuen produced the album.
Steve Martin : In 1993, Martin wrote his first full-length play, "Picasso at the Lapin Agile".
Steve Martin : Radner died of ovarian cancer on May 20, 1989; a visibly shaken Martin hosted "SNL" that night and featured footage of himself and Radner together in a 1978 sketch.
Steve Martin : In David Mamet's 1997 thriller "The Spanish Prisoner", Martin played a darker role as a wealthy stranger who takes a suspicious interest in the work of a young businessman (Campbell Scott).
Steve Martin : The cast features Amy Schumer, Laura Benanti, Jeremy Shamos and Keegan-Michael Key, with direction by Jerry Zaks.
Steve Martin : Martin also appeared in Lawrence Kasdan's "Grand Canyon", in which he played the tightly wound Hollywood film producer, Davis, who was recovering from a traumatic robbery that left him injured, which was a more serious role for him.
Steve Martin : In 2011, Martin also narrated and appeared in the PBS documentary "Give me the Banjo" chronicling the history of the banjo in America.
Steve Martin : He says: During these years his roommates included comedian Gary Mule Deer and singer/guitarist Michael Johnson.
Steve Martin : In "Baby Mama" (2008), Martin played the founder of a health food company, and in "It's Complicated" (2009), he played opposite Meryl Streep and Alec Baldwin.
Steve Martin : By 2003, Martin ranked fourth on the box office stars list, after starring in "Bringing Down The House" and "Cheaper by the Dozen", each of which earned over $130 million at U.S. theaters.
Steve Martin : A story of a 28-year-old woman behind the glove counter at the Saks Fifth Avenue department store in Beverly Hills, "Shopgirl" was made into a film starring Martin and Claire Danes.
Steve Martin : Martin came to public notice in the 1960s as a writer for "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", and later as a frequent guest on "The Tonight Show".
Steve Martin : Martin wrote the story for the Disney movie "Magic Camp", which will be released in 2020.
Steve Martin : Martin opened for groups such as The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band (who returned the favor by appearing in his 1980 television special "All Commercials"), The Carpenters, and Toto.
Steve Martin : The prize includes a US$50,000 cash award, a bronze sculpture created by the artist Eric Fischl, and a chance to perform with Martin on "Late Show with David Letterman".
Steve Martin : In 2011, he appeared with Jack Black, Owen Wilson, and JoBeth Williams in the birdwatching comedy "The Big Year".
Steve Martin : In 1994, he starred in "A Simple Twist of Fate"; a film adaptation of "Silas Marner".
Steve Martin : The seven-minute-long film, also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr, was written by and starred Martin.
Steve Martin : In 1987, Martin joined comedian John Candy in the John Hughes movie "Planes, Trains and Automobiles."
Steve Martin : Martin has stated in several interviews and in his memoir, "Born Standing Up", that he used to take 33 rpm bluegrass records and slow them down to 16 rpm and tune his banjo down, so the notes would sound the same.
Steve Martin : In 2001, he played banjo on Earl Scruggs's remake of "Foggy Mountain Breakdown".
Steve Martin : In July 2004, Martin purchased what he believed to be a 1915 work by the German-Dutch painter Heinrich Campendonk, "Landschaft mit Pferden" ("Landscape with Horses"), from a Paris gallery for what should have been a bargain price of around €700,000.
Steve Martin : That same year, "Roxanne", the film adaptation of "Cyrano de Bergerac" which Martin co-wrote, won him a Writers Guild of America Award.
Steve Martin : Following this, the play opened at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, and played from October 1993 to May 1994, then went on to run successfully in Los Angeles, New York City, and several other US cities.
Steve Martin : In his early 20s, Martin dated Melissa Trumbo, daughter of novelist and screenwriter Dalton Trumbo.
Steve Martin : Recording live direct-to-disc on the first electrical sound recording system from the 1920s, they performed a version of “The Coo Coo Bird” a traditional song that Martin learned from the 1960s folk music group The Holy Modal Rounders.
Steve Martin : Martin's play "Meteor Shower" opened at San Diego's Old Globe Theatre in August 2016, and went on to Connecticut's Long Wharf Theatre later the same year.
Steve Martin : Martin performed a song he wrote called "Me and Paul Revere" in addition to two other songs on the lawn of the Capitol Building in Washington, DC, at the "Capitol Fourth Celebration" on July 4, 2011.
Steve Martin : It emboldened Martin to try his hand at his first serious film, "Pennies from Heaven" (1981), based on the 1978 BBC serial by Dennis Potter.
Steve Martin : He played Vladimir, with Robin Williams as Estragon and Bill Irwin as Lucky.
Steve Martin : In 1986, Martin joined fellow "Saturday Night Live" veterans Martin Short and Chevy Chase in "¡Three Amigos!
Steve Martin : The album featured a character based on a series of "Saturday Night Live" sketches where Martin and Dan Aykroyd played the Festrunk Brothers; Yortuk and Georgi were bumbling Czechoslovak would-be playboys.
Steve Martin : Martin was executive producer for "Domestic Life", a prime-time television series starring friend Martin Mull, and a late-night series called "Twilight Theater".
Steve Martin : In 1998, Martin guest starred with U2 in the 200th episode of "The Simpsons" titled "Trash of the Titans", providing the voice for sanitation commissioner Ray Patterson.
Steve Martin : On July 28, 2007, after three years together, Martin married Anne Stringfield, a writer and former staffer for "The New Yorker".
Steve Martin : Martin was raised in Inglewood, California, with sister Melinda Martin, and then later in Garden Grove, California, in a Baptist family.
Steve Martin : The play opened on Broadway at the Booth Theater on November 29, 2017.
Steve Martin : In 1999, Martin and Hawn starred in a remake of the 1970 Neil Simon comedy, "The Out-of-Towners".
Steve Martin : Stephen Glenn Martin (born August 14, 1945) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and musician.
Steve Martin : The song was featured on the film soundtrack, "" released on June 9, 2017.
Steve Martin : Martin also starred in a remake of the comedy "Father of the Bride" in 1991 (followed by a sequel in 1995) and in the 1992 comedy "Housesitter", with Goldie Hawn and Dana Delany.
Steve Martin : ", directed by John Landis, and written by Martin, Lorne Michaels, and singer-songwriter Randy Newman.
Steve Martin : Later in 2016 he returned to stand-up comedy, staging a national tour with Martin Short and the Steep Canyon Rangers, which yielded a 2018 Netflix comedy special, "Steve Martin and Martin Short: An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life".
Steve Martin : In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Martin was in a relationship with actress/singer/dancer Bernadette Peters; they co-starred in two films, "The Jerk" and "Pennies from Heaven", during that time.
Steve Martin : In 2005, Martin wrote and starred in "Shopgirl", based on his own novella (2000), and starred in "Cheaper by the Dozen 2".
Steve Martin : In 2002, he adapted the Carl Sternheim play "The Underpants", which ran Off Broadway at Classic Stage Company, and in 2008 co-wrote and produced "Traitor", starring Don Cheadle.
Steve Martin : Also in 1988, he appeared at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater at Lincoln Center in a revival of "Waiting for Godot" directed by Mike Nichols.
Steve Martin : In 1967, his former girlfriend Nina Goldblatt, a dancer on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", helped Martin land a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams.
Steve Martin : Since the 1980s, having branched away from comedy, Martin has become a successful actor, as well as an author, playwright, pianist, and banjo player, eventually earning him Emmy, Grammy, and American Comedy awards, among other honors.
Steve Martin : Recipients include Noam Pikelny of the Punch Brothers band (2010), Sammy Shelor of Lonesome River Band (2011), Mark Johnson (2012), Jens Kruger (2013), Eddie Adcock (2014), Danny Barnes (2015), Rhiannon Giddens (2016), Scott Vestal (2017), Kristin Scott Benson (2018), and Victor Furtado (2019).
Steve Martin : The album ends with the song "King Tut", sung and written by Martin and backed by the "Toot Uncommons", members of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
Steve Martin : In 1991, Martin starred in and wrote "L.A. Story", a romantic comedy, in which the female lead was played by his then-wife Victoria Tennant.
Steve Martin : Martin was born on August 14, 1945, in Waco, Texas, the son of Mary Lee (née Stewart; 1913–2002) and Glenn Vernon Martin (1914–1997), a real estate salesman and aspiring actor.
Steve Martin : While he has played banjo since an early age, and included music in his comedy routines from the beginning of his professional career, he has increasingly dedicated his career to music since the 2000s, acting less and spending much of his professional life playing banjo, recording, and touring with various bluegrass acts, including Earl Scruggs, with whom he won a Grammy for Best Country Instrumental Performance in 2002.
Steve Martin : The first reading of the play took place in Beverly Hills, California, at Steve Martin's home, with Tom Hanks reading the role of Pablo Picasso and Chris Sarandon reading the role of Albert Einstein.
Steve Martin : Martin performed "Jubilation Day" with the Steep Canyon Rangers on "The Colbert Report" on March 21, 2011, on "Conan" on May 3, 2011, and on BBC's "The One Show" on July 6, 2011.
Steve Martin : In 2017, Martin and Brickell appeared in the multi award-winning documentary film "The American Epic Sessions" directed by Bernard MacMahon.
Steve Martin : In 1986, Martin was in the movie musical film version of the hit Off-Broadway play "Little Shop of Horrors" (based on a famous B-movie), playing the sadistic dentist, Orin Scrivello.
Steve Martin : His final comedy album, "The Steve Martin Brothers" (1981), featured one side of Martin's typical stand-up material, with the other side featuring live performances of Steve playing banjo with a bluegrass band.
Steve Martin : In 2001, the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art presented a five-month exhibit of 28 items from Martin's collection, including works by Roy Lichtenstein, Pablo Picasso, David Hockney, and Edward Hopper, among others.
Steve Martin : McEuen's brother later managed Martin as well as the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
Steve Martin : Martin starred in the Ron Howard film "Parenthood", with Rick Moranis in 1989.
Steve Martin : In the mid-1970s, Martin made frequent appearances as a stand-up comedian on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", and on "The Gong Show", HBO's "On Location", "The Muppet Show", and NBC's "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL").
Steve Martin : In 2010, Martin created the Steve Martin Prize for Excellence in Banjo and Bluegrass, an award established to reward artistry and bring greater visibility to bluegrass performers.
Steve Martin : In 1979, Martin starred in the comedy film "The Jerk", directed by Carl Reiner, and written by Martin, Michael Elias, and Carl Gottlieb.
Steve Martin : In 1988, he performed in the Frank Oz film "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels", a remake of "Bedtime Story", alongside Michael Caine.
Steve Martin : Martin learned how to play the banjo with help from John McEuen, who later joined the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
Steve Martin : In June, Martin played banjo along with the Steep Canyon Rangers on "A Prairie Home Companion" and began a two-month U.S. tour with the Rangers in September, including appearances at the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival, Carnegie Hall and Benaroya Hall in Seattle.
Steve Martin : In 2009, Martin released his first all-music album, "" with appearances from stars such as Dolly Parton.
Steve Martin : He released his first solo music album, "", in 2009, for which he won the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
Hans Sarpei : His last club was Bundesliga side Schalke 04.
Hans Sarpei : He also was a long time regular for the Ghana national football team.
Hans Sarpei : He also received call-ups for the 2006 African Cup of Nations and the 2010 African Cup of Nations squads.
Hans Sarpei : Hans Adu Sarpei (born 28 June 1976) is a retired Ghanaian-German footballer who played as a full back.
Morgan Spurlock : ", which Spurlock dedicated to Laken.
Morgan Spurlock : Spurlock has two sons.
Morgan Spurlock : His birth is depicted in Spurlock's documentary "Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden?
Morgan Spurlock : After publishing his blog post, he stepped down from his position with Warrior Poets, a company he had founded in 2004.
Morgan Spurlock : He was the executive producer and star of the reality television series "30 Days" (2005–2008).
Morgan Spurlock : "" is a 2011 documentary film about product placement, marketing and advertising which was reportedly itself financed through product placement.
Morgan Spurlock : Spurlock's docudrama "Super Size Me" was released in the U.S. on May 7, 2004.
Morgan Spurlock : Morgan Valentine Spurlock (born November 7, 1970) is an American documentary filmmaker, humorist, television producer, screenwriter and playwright.
Morgan Spurlock : Spurlock directed "The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D!
Morgan Spurlock : In December 2017, Spurlock wrote a blog post admitting to a history of sexual misconduct.
Morgan Spurlock : Although he was raised Methodist, Spurlock stated in an interview with TV Guide in 2014 that he is now agnostic.
Morgan Spurlock : Further, Spurlock attempted to curtail his physical activity to better match the exercise habits of the average American (he previously walked about 3 miles a day, whereas the average American walks 1.5 miles).
Morgan Spurlock : He was of above average health and fitness when he started the project; he gained 25 pounds (11 kg), became quite puffy, suffered liver dysfunction and depression by the end.
Morgan Spurlock : He conceived the idea for the film when he was at his parents' house for Thanksgiving, and while watching TV saw a news story about a lawsuit brought against McDonald's by two teenage girls who blamed the fast food chain for their obesity.
Morgan Spurlock : The older, Laken James Spurlock, was born on December 9, 2006.
Morgan Spurlock : The younger, Kallen Marcus Spurlock, was born on May 22, 2016.
Jean-Marc Degraeve : Jean-Marc Degraeve (born 26 January 1971) is a French chess player.
Jaan Ehlvest : In 2008 he won the Pan American-Continental Championship, which took place in Boca Raton, Florida.
Jaan Ehlvest : He was named Estonian Athlete of the Year in 1987 and 1989.
Jaan Ehlvest : Ehlvest studied psychology at Tartu State University.
Jaan Ehlvest : In 2004, Ehlvest published his autobiography, "The Story of a Chess Player".
Jaan Ehlvest : He lost the match by 2½:5½ (+1−4=3).
Jaan Ehlvest : Ehlvest's brother, , was a well-known writer in Estonia.
Jaan Ehlvest : In a following rematch, the pawn odds were removed, Ehlvest was given White in every game, twice the time on the clock, and significant computational handicaps were placed on the machine.
Jaan Ehlvest : In March 2007, Ehlvest accepted an invitation to play an eight-game match against the chess program Rybka, one of the strongest chess programs in existence.
Jaan Ehlvest : In 2006, unsatisfied with the lack of support from the Estonian Chess Federation, Ehlvest decided to move to the United States; since then, he has been a member of the USCF and competed internationally for the US.
Jaan Ehlvest : From July 1990 to July 1991, he was among the top 10 on the FIDE world rankings, peaking at number 5 in the list of January 1991.
Jaan Ehlvest : He was playing Black in all games, but was given pawn odds (Rybka was playing each game a pawn down; a different white pawn was removed in each game).
Jaan Ehlvest : Jaan Ehlvest (born 14 October 1962) is an Estonian-American chess player.
Jaan Ehlvest : He was a member of the gold medal-winning Soviet Union team at the 28th Chess Olympiad in Thessaloniki 1988 and played for Estonia in the Chess Olympiads of 1992–2004.
Jaan Ehlvest : Ehlvest's tournament victories include the 1980 USSR Junior Chess Championship, the 1983 European Junior Championship, the 1986 Estonian Championship, the 1994 New York Open, and the 2003 World Open in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
M. Pokora : The album was certified gold.
M. Pokora : Pokora has been in a relationship with Christina Milian since August 2017.
M. Pokora : In summer 2019, they announced they are expecting a baby boy together..
M. Pokora : Son Isaiah was born January 20,2020.
M. Pokora : The second single "Elle me contrôle" featuring Sweety reached #6 in France and Pokora received two NRJ Music Awards for the single.
M. Pokora : He was a crowd and jury favourite, and became a member of a boy band called Linkup formed with Lionel and Otis, two other winners in 2003 Popstars.
M. Pokora : In fall 2003, he participated in the third season of Popstars, a French talent reality television show broadcast on M6.
M. Pokora : In 2005, he was forced to change his chosen name after a lawsuit from French R&B singer Matt Houston.
M. Pokora : He earned some public attention as a member of French R&B group Mic Unity.
M. Pokora : The result was his third album "MP3" that was released on 24 March 2008, containing 14 tracks, including 12 in English.
M. Pokora : M. Pokora released "Player" in a second edition in March 2006 with the bonus track added of the duet with Ricky Martin.
M. Pokora : Matthieu Tota (; born 26 September 1985), commonly known as M. Pokora or Matt Pokora (), is a French singer and songwriter.
M. Pokora : It includes collaborations with Wayne Beckford, Gee Futuristic, X-Plosive, Astro Boyz, Tarz, STX and Bionix.
M. Pokora : Their first Linkup single "Mon Étoile" was very successful topping French charts, and the debut album "Notre Étoile" was moderately successful.
M. Pokora : As a result, he changed his stage name to M. Pokora and re-released the album as "M. Pokora".
M. Pokora : In January 2006, his second album "Player" was released topping the French chart.
Rio Ferdinand : Although Ferdinand was named in four consecutive England World Cup squads (albeit without playing in 1998 and missing 2010 through injury), he never went to a European Championship due to a ban for missing a drugs test and due to England's failure to qualify for UEFA Euro 2008.
Rio Ferdinand : Ferdinand went on to win the Premier League title with Manchester United in his first season at the club.
Rio Ferdinand : In May 2015, following their relegation, Queens Park Rangers announced the release of Ferdinand in the summer.
Rio Ferdinand : Ferdinand joined Premier League club Leeds United in November 2000 for £18 million, then a British transfer record as well as becoming the world's most expensive defender.
Rio Ferdinand : Rio Gavin Ferdinand (born 7 November 1978) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre-back, and current television pundit for BT Sport.
René Higuita : Higuita was imprisoned in 1993 after getting involved in a kidnapping.
René Higuita : He also has a daughter, Cindy Carolina, from a previous marriage.
René Higuita : IFFHS ranked Higuita the 8th best keeper in South American in history.
René Higuita : He was very poor as a child, so he had to work as newspaper mailman and many other jobs in order to survive.
René Higuita : In another scandal, he tested positive for cocaine on 23 November 2004 while playing for Aucas, an Ecuadorian football club.
René Higuita : Higuita is married to Magnolia, with whom he has three children, Andrés, Pamela and Wilfred.
René Higuita : He then left to Mexico to play for Veracruz before coming back to the Colombian league to play for Atletico's city rivals, Independiente Medellín.
René Higuita : He played in the 1991 Copa América where the team finished fourth.
René Higuita : Higuita's first major tournament was the 1989 Copa América, where the team was knocked out in the first round.
René Higuita : He came out of retirement on 21 July 2007 to sign for Venezuelan club Guaros FC.
René Higuita : In 2005, Higuita participated in the reality TV program "La isla de los famosos: Una aventura pirata" ("The Island of the Famous: A Pirate Adventure"), a show similar to "Survivor".
Vincenzo Natali : During his time in high school, Natali befriended British-born Canadian actor David Hewlett who has appeared in the majority of films that Natali has directed.
Vincenzo Natali : At the 19th Genie Awards, the film received five nominations, and also won the award for Best Canadian First Feature at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Vincenzo Natali : His cinematic influences included Samuel Beckett, David Cronenberg, and Terry Gilliam.
Vincenzo Natali : After this success, Natali went on to direct "Cypher" (2002) and "Nothing" (2003).
Vincenzo Natali : Natali was born in Detroit, to a nursery school teacher/painter mother and a photographer father.
Vincenzo Natali : He was eventually hired as a storyboard artist at the Nelvana Animation Studios.
Vincenzo Natali : Following the June 2010 release of "Splice" (2009), Natali's next efforts were expected to be an adaptation of J. G. Ballard's 1975 novel "High Rise" and a 3D adaptation of the Len Wein/Berni Wrightson comic book character Swamp Thing, for producer Joel Silver.
Vincenzo Natali : In 2013 his series "Darknet", an adaptation of the Japanese series "Tori Hada", began airing on Super Channel in Canada.
Vincenzo Natali : In 2014, he directed the episodes "Su-zakana" and "Naka-choko" of the second season of the crime drama series "Hannibal" and in 2015 the episodes "Antipasto", "Primavera" and "Secondo" of the third season of the same TV series.
Vincenzo Natali : Vincenzo Natali (born January 6, 1969) is an American-Canadian film director and screenwriter, best known for writing and directing science fiction and horror films such as "Cube", "Cypher", "Nothing", and "Splice".
Paul Stalteri : In total, he won 84 caps and scored 7 goals for the national team.
Paul Stalteri : Paul Andrew Stalteri (born October 18, 1977) is a Canadian former professional soccer player, who played as a defender or midfielder.
Paul Stalteri : In May 2005, Stalteri transferred to English Premiership club Tottenham Hotspur.
Paul Stalteri : Following his first year, he elected to turn professional, signing a contract with the Toronto Lynx while attending York University.
Paul Stalteri : Stalteri was a regular starter for the Canadian national team for over ten years since making his debut on August 17, 1997 against Iran.
Paul Stalteri : A defender who can play either side of the field as well as in midfield, Stalteri began his soccer career playing one year of college soccer at Clemson University in 1996.
Paul Stalteri : Stalteri returned to the Bundesliga, having been immediately signed by Borussia Mönchengladbach where he joined fellow international Rob Friend.
Paul Stalteri : After playing one season with the Lynx, alongside fellow Canadian national teammate Dwayne De Rosario, where he led the team in scoring with eight goals and two assists, Stalteri was noticed by a scout from Werder Bremen and purchased from the team.
Paul Stalteri : After two and a half seasons in the reserves, Stalteri made his debut with the club in August 2000, scoring in the first game of the season against Energie Cottbus.
Paul Stalteri : During the 2001–02 season, Stalteri established his role in the first team at Bremen and went on to cement his role as a regular in the 2002–03 season.
Eliyahu Rips : His research interests are geometric and combinatorial methods in infinite group theory.
Eliyahu Rips : He was incarcerated by the Soviet government for two years.
Eliyahu Rips : This, in turn, was the inspiration for the 1997 book "The Bible Code" by journalist Michael Drosnin.
Eliyahu Rips : Ilya (Eliyahu) Rips grew up in Latvia (then part of Soviet Union).
Eliyahu Rips : Rips was the first high school student from Latvia to participate in the International Mathematical Olympiad.
Eliyahu Rips : Eliyahu Rips (; ; ; born 12 December 1948) is an Israeli mathematician of Latvian origin known for his research in geometric group theory.
Eliyahu Rips : In 1979, Rips received the Erdős Prize from the Israel Mathematical Society, and was a sectional speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 1994.
Eliyahu Rips : Rips is a professor in the Department of Mathematics at Hebrew University.
Eliyahu Rips : On 13 April 1969, Rips, then a graduate student at the University of Latvia, attempted self-immolation in a protest against the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.
Dmitri Sautin : Dmitri Ivanovich Sautin (; born 15 March 1974) is a Russian diver who has won more medals than any other Olympic diver.
Robbie Kay : Kay's work has been generally well received by the critics.
Robbie Kay : Despite a lack of previous acting experience, this led to him getting a speaking part in "The Illusionist", but his scenes were eventually cut from the film.
Robbie Kay : He spent a year studying acting, singing, and dancing at one of Britain's Stagecoach theatre schools.
Robbie Kay : In 2006, Kay and his family moved to Prague in the Czech Republic, where he attended the International School of Prague.
Robbie Kay : Kay's family moved to the Czech Republic, where he saw a note for English-speaking children to be extras in a film on a school noticeboard.
Robbie Kay : Kay was born in Lymington, Hampshire, England, to Ivan and Stephanie Kay.
Robbie Kay : After small roles in "Hannibal Rising" and "My Boy Jack", the Canadian production company making "Fugitive Pieces" asked him to play the part of young Jakob, which involved a 9-week shooting schedule, three of which were on Greek islands.
Robbie Kay : Alicia Cox of "Chatelaine" wrote on his work in "Fugitive Pieces": "Robbie Kay, who plays the young Jakob, gives a remarkable performance with little words and a lot of emotion.
Robbie Kay : Robert Andrew Kay (born 13 September 1995) is a British actor whose credits include "Fugitive Pieces", "Heroes Reborn", "Pinocchio", "", and Peter Pan in the "Once Upon a Time" television series.
Carlos Merino : Carlos Gustavo Merino González (born 15 March 1980) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Carlos Merino : In 2004–05's La Liga he played and scored regularly, although the Soria side were relegated one year after promoting; he went on to have second-tier stints with Gimnàstic de Tarragona, UD Las Palmas and Albacete Balompié, also representing the first side in the top flight.
Shemar Moore : He is signed to DNA Model Management in New York City.
Shemar Moore : I did eight solid years as Malcolm."
Shemar Moore : In 2007, he said, "My time is done on "Y&R".
Shemar Moore : He attended Santa Clara University, majoring in Communication, minoring in Theatre Arts, and modeled to pay his bills.
Shemar Moore : His mother, who has a degree in Mathematics, worked as a teacher in Bahrain and Denmark.
Shemar Moore : His grandmother is from Quebec City, Quebec.
Shemar Moore : In November 2004, he returned to "The Young and the Restless" after originally planning to leave the show, but after a few months he dropped back to recurring status and left in September 2005.
Shemar Moore : Moore cites civil unrest, interracial relationships being taboo, and racism in the U.S. in the 1970s as part of the reason his mother moved abroad with him.
Shemar Moore : Moore graduated from Gunn High School in Palo Alto.
Shemar Moore : Shemar Franklin Moore (born April 20, 1970) is an American actor and former fashion model.
Shemar Moore : Moore appeared on the March 2009 issue of "Men's Fitness" magazine.
Shemar Moore : He also appeared in the romantic comedy "The Seat Filler" with Kelly Rowland and Duane Martin.
Shemar Moore : Returning to the U.S. in 1977, the family moved to Chico, California, where his mother worked at a clinic, before later moving to Palo Alto.
Shemar Moore : Moore moved with her to Denmark as an infant, and then to Bahrain when he was four, where he attended a British private school until the age of seven.
Shemar Moore : He portrayed Detective Jesse Reese on the television series "Birds of Prey" from 2002 to 2003.
Shemar Moore : He was the host of the syndicated version of the series "Soul Train" from 2000 until 2003, and appeared in the 2001 feature film "The Brothers".
Shemar Moore : Moore's father is African American and his mother, who was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts, is of Irish and French-Canadian descent.
Shemar Moore : Moore played the role of Malcolm Winters on "The Young and the Restless" for eight years.
Shemar Moore : Moore was born in Oakland, California, the son of Marilyn Wilson, a business consultant, and Sherrod Moore.
Shemar Moore : Moore exited "Criminal Minds" after 11 seasons and 251 episodes in episode 18 of season 11, "A Beautiful Disaster" on March 23, 2016.
Shemar Moore : In 2005, Moore began playing Derek Morgan in "Criminal Minds".
Shemar Moore : Moore played the role of Emery Simms in the 2004 film "Motives" alongside Vivica Fox and Golden Brooks, and had a supporting role in the film "Diary of a Mad Black Woman".
Michael Dell : "Forbes" estimates Dell's net worth as of May 2019 at $41.3 billion.
Michael Dell : At age 15, after playing with computers at Radio Shack, he got his first computer, an Apple II, which he promptly disassembled to see how it worked.
Michael Dell : In January 1984, Dell registered his company as "PC's Limited".
Michael Dell : He then applied for a vendor license to bid on contracts for the State of Texas, winning bids by not having the overhead of a computer store.
Michael Dell : Michael Dell attended Herod Elementary School in Houston.
Michael Dell : He is the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies, one of the world's largest technology infrastructure companies.
Michael Dell : Michael Saul Dell (born February 23, 1965) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist.
Valerio Agnoli : Valerio Agnoli (born 6 January 1985) is an Italian road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI WorldTeam .
Lee Chun-soo : Lee Chun-Soo (; born 9 July 1981) is a retired football player from South Korea.
Lee Chun-soo : After the World Cup, he moved to Real Sociedad of Spain, becoming the first Korean to play in the Spanish La Liga.
Lee Chun-soo : At the 2006 World Cup, he scored Korea's first goal with a free kick against Togo in a 2–1 win.
Lee Chun-soo : After a mediocre season, however, he was loaned to fellow Spanish side Numancia, before returning to Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i of South Korea's K-League.
Arturo Vázquez Ayala : Arturo "Gonini" Vázquez Ayala (born 26 June 1949 in Mexico City) is a retired Mexican footballer.
Josep Maria Pou : Josep Maria Pou i Serra (born 1944 in Mollet del Vallès, Barcelona) is a Spanish film, theatre and television actor.
Jonathan de Guzmán : His decision was met with disappointment in Canada.
Jonathan de Guzmán : It was a very tough season for me personally."
Jonathan de Guzmán : His old contract was set to expire in 2008.
Jonathan de Guzmán : It's very sad I have to leave Feyenoord this way."
Jonathan de Guzmán : I didn't make progress as a football player, but I did grow mentally because of all the problems we had.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He replaced Ghaly in the 87th minute.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He was struck by the same injury as he had earlier this season, only this time on his left knee.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Not much later, de Guzmán started having physical problems.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, the youngster couldn't prevent the club from finishing on a 7th Eredivisie place.
Jonathan de Guzmán : But the clubs were not there and later took another City player, Shaun Wright-Phillips."
Jonathan de Guzmán : At the end of the season, De Guzmán acknowledged there was perhaps too much pressure on him: "I was only 19 years old, I couldn't just tell everyone what to do.
Jonathan de Guzmán : What started with minor groin, thigh and knee injuries, ended with a serious meniscus surgery in January 2009.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán was out for the rest of the season.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He was later named in the Netherlands squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Jonathan de Guzmán : The pressure on the youngster was taken away, however de Guzmán wasn't too happy with his new position in the team.
Jonathan de Guzmán : The management had high expectations of de Guzmán, who was ready to make the next step in his development.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Feyenoord lost the double confrontation and missed out on European football for the first time in 16 years.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Due to his expiring contract, Feyenoord was keen to sell their youth product in the summer.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He stated de Guzmán was an important player for the team and was willing to let him play on his favorite central playmaker position.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 3 October 2009, de Guzmán was subs cartilage in the right knee, needed surgical intervention and was out for over two months.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 6 March, Louis van Gaal included de Guzmán in his squad for the upcoming World Cup qualifying matches against Estonia and Romania to be held at the Amsterdam Arena in late March.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 29 December 2005, he signed an improved contract with Feyenoord until summer 2010.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, new Feyenoord manager Mario Been wanted de Guzmán to stay.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made his comeback after the winter break, but after playing four more matches, he had to leave a training session injured on 4 March 2010.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He cited the amount of faith shown in him from club owner Lorenzo Serra Ferrer and manager Michael Laudrup for making the move, despite the club's expulsion from the UEFA Europa League for financial reasons.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He made his début against Queens Park Rangers in a 5–0 win at Loftus Road.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, he remained on the bench in the UEFA Cup home match against Rapid Bucharest (1–1).
Jonathan de Guzmán : His brother Julian holds the most caps for the Canadian national team.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He played a significant role, scoring the first and third goal and providing the assist for the second in a 3–0 victory.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After a promising start of the season, scoring three goals in his first nine matches, injuries kept following the midfielder.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 23 January 2013, de Guzmán was called up to the Netherlands provisional squad to play in a friendly against Italy and made his debut in the 46th minute of the game.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 31 August 2011, hours before the transfer deadline Villarreal completed a transfer for de Guzmán, the deal was for an undisclosed fee believed to be worth around €8.5 million.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán is Canadian-born, but made himself available for the Netherlands after he gained Dutch citizenship in 2008, having lived in the country since the age of 12.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán had a personal agreement with Manchester City, but Feyenoord couldn't agree on a transfer fee with the Citizens: "Last summer, I assumed that I would depart from Rotterdam That eventually fell through, at that time was mainly to Feyenoord.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He was capped four times for the Netherlands U21, scoring three goals and was active on the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Controversially, de Guzmán appeared on a nationally televised Canadian sports show a week before this announcement and claimed that he had not made up his mind on his international status, and was focusing on his club career in the Netherlands.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After much speculation on which country de Guzmán would choose to represent internationally, de Guzmán made himself available for selection by the Dutch national team, immediately after receiving his Dutch citizenship in February 2008, having applied for it the previous year.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, in 2012, de Guzmán gave an interview to The Score TV stating that he was dedicated to the Dutch national team and hoped he would be called up after the completion of Euro 2012.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán was not allowed to play for Feyenoord's first team before he was 18 years old.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After receiving consistent playing time after joining the club in both league and domestic play de Guzmán began to struggle to find playing time under newly hired manager José Francisco Molina in early 2012, and rumors started about a potential move back to the Eredivisie.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Where de Guzmán always played as a midfielder, new manager Bert van Marwijk placed him on the right wing position in a 4–2–3–1 system.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Due to his injuries, de Guzmán only played two Eredivisie matches in the 2008–09 season.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán played 33 Eredivisie matches, scoring nine goals.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán progressed through the Feyenoord Academy, making his first team debut in 2005 and has played over 100 matches for the club from Rotterdam.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 10 July 2012, de Guzmán completed a move to Swansea City on loan thus being reunited with former coach Michael Laudrup.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After his debut against SC Heerenveen, De Guzmán quickly became a first team regular.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, de Guzmán couldn't prevent Feyenoord losing the KNVB Cup final against arch rivals Ajax (1–4) on 6 May 2010, and left the club on a free transfer: "For me personally it's nice that I am fit again and still could get some playing time during the finals, but the result is very disappointing obviously.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Like his brother, De Guzmán started his youth career at North Scarborough Soccer Club in Canada, training six times a week to improve his skills.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 15 September 2005, three days after turning 18, de Guzmán was part of Feyenoord's first team squad for the first time.
Jonathan de Guzmán : However, de Guzmán also had a disappointing start to the season, as he was sent off in Feyenoord's season opening Eredivisie match.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made his final comeback in Feyenoord's last match of the season.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán finished the Eredivisie season 2005–06 with 29 matches, scoring 4 goals.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 6 November 2014, he scored a hat-trick in a 3–0 win at San Paolo against Young Boys in the group stage of the Europa League.
Jonathan de Guzmán : At the beginning of the season 2006–07, Feyenoord sold their star players Dirk Kuyt to Liverpool and Salomon Kalou to Chelsea.
Jonathan de Guzmán : In 2011, de Guzmán expressed an interest to play alongside brother Julian de Guzman for the Canadian team.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán agreed to a second season on loan at Swansea.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán had a very strong first season in Spain although his team finished in 17th place one out of relegation.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 11 December 2005, he received much praise after outplaying former Barcelona player Philip Cocu in a midfield battle at Feyenoord's Eredivisie home match win against PSV (1–0).
Jonathan de Guzmán : With the 2007–08 arrival of experienced players like Giovanni van Bronckhorst from Barcelona and Roy Makaay from Bayern Munich, Feyenoord created the perfect circumstances for de Guzmán.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán's disappointing season ended with a red card in the 21st minute of the first playoff match against FC Groningen on 10 May 2007.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made his debut for the club and performed brilliantly in a 0–0 draw against Real Madrid 29 August 2010.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Jonathan Alexander de Guzmán (born 13 September 1987) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Eintracht Frankfurt and the Netherlands national team.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He scored another brace in Swansea's 5–0 Capital One Cup Final defeat of Bradford City at Wembley on 24 February 2013, guiding the Swans to their first ever major piece of silverware.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After failing to make the final cut in a senior call up, de Guzmán made his international debut for the Netherlands U21 squad on 26 March 2008, in a European Championship qualification match against Estonia U21.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Despite interest from Chelsea and Valencia, De Guzmán stayed at Feyenoord.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán was born in Scarborough, Ontario and is of Jamaican and Filipino descent.
Jonathan de Guzmán : In the summer of 2010 de Guzmán signed a three-year contract with RCD Mallorca following a free transfer.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 27 July 2010, de Guzmán signed a three-year contract with Mallorca.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Despite a turbulent pre-season full of transfer speculations, De Guzmán remained at Feyenoord.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 31 August 2008, de Guzmán received a red card for a flying elbow in the 30th minute in the away match against Heracles Almelo (3–1), resulting in a suspension of four matches.
Jonathan de Guzmán : He scored his first goal for Swansea in a 3–1 League Cup win over Liverpool at Anfield on 31 October 2012.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made 33 league starts while scoring 5 goals, including one in the last game of the season against Atlético Madrid in a 4–3 loss in which Sergio Agüero scored a hat-trick.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 18 December 2010 de Guzmán scored a stunning goal to tie game in the 28th minute against Villarreal, although the game finished in a 3–1 Villarreal victory.
Jonathan de Guzmán : On 19 January 2013, de Guzmán netted two goals against Stoke City as they won 3–1 at home, his first was from a wonderful free-kick and his second came off of an assist from Danny Graham.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Following a successful debut campaign in the Premier League, de Guzmán was awarded the Swansea Goal of the Season for his strike against Stoke City on 19 January.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made his comeback in the 2009–10 pre-season friendly away match against Sporting Portugal (1–2), scoring the equalizer.
Jonathan de Guzmán : After a summer filled with speculation on de Guzmán transferring to Villarreal, Jonathan played in Mallorca's first game of the season on 28 August 2011 against Espanyol, scoring the lone goal in a 1–0 home victory over the Catalonia team.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Three days later, on 18 September 2005, de Guzmán made his official Feyenoord debut in the Eredivisie home match against SC Heerenveen (5–1).
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán's second league goal for Swansea came in a 2–1 win over Fulham at Craven Cottage on 29 December, scoring the winning goal for the away side.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán scored his first professional goal on 30 September 2005, in the Eredivisie away match against Willem II (1–3).
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán made his debut on 10 September as a second half sub for Javier Camuñas during a 2–2 home draw against Sevilla.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Days later de Guzmán made his return to European competition since his move to Spain on 14 September against Bayern Munich in a 2–0 defeat in the first game of the UEFA Champions League group stage.
Jonathan de Guzmán : Three weeks later de Guzmán scored his first goal in La Liga in a 2–0 home win against Osasuna.
Jonathan de Guzmán : De Guzmán scored his first goal in the Premier League and for Swansea on 17 November against Newcastle United, the game ended in a 2–1 away victory for the Swans.
Eldin Hadžić : Eldin Hadžić (born 14 October 1991) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CF Intercity as a left winger.
Eldin Hadžić : In March 2013, after having become a Spanish citizen the previous month, Hadžić was promoted to the main squad in the Segunda División.
Eldin Hadžić : Due to the Bosnian War he and his family emigrated to Spain when he was just one year old, settling in Catral in the Province of Alicante.
Eldin Hadžić : Hadžić began playing football with Sporting Saladar, a team in Almoradí, being noticed by scouts from Hércules CF and signed in 2005 at the age of 13.
Eldin Hadžić : Hadžić scored his first professional goal on 5 May 2013, netting the first in a 2–1 home victory over SD Huesca.
Paul Esswood : He studied at the Royal College of Music in London from 1961 to 1964 after which he sang in the choir of Westminster Abbey.
Paul Esswood : He also sang in the première of Schnittke's Second Symphony.
Paul Esswood : Paul Esswood was born in West Bridgford, England.
Paul Esswood : He is also establishing a reputation as a conductor of Baroque opera.
Paul Esswood : Along with his countrymen Alfred Deller and James Bowman, he led the revival of countertenor singing in modern times.
Paul Esswood : His professional debut was in a performance of Handel's "Messiah" for the BBC (1971).
Paul Esswood : Paul Esswood is a co-founder of Pro Cantione Antiqua, an all-male a cappella group specializing in early music.
Paul Esswood : He is best known for his performance of Bach cantatas and the operas of Handel and Monteverdi.
Paul Esswood : He has recorded "Messiah" four times, as well as extended works by Henry Purcell, Claudio Monteverdi, Francesco Cavalli, Marc-Antoine Charpentier and others.
Paul Esswood : Among the roles in contemporary works written for Esswood are the title role in Philip Glass's "Akhnaten" and Death in Penderecki's "Paradise Lost".
Edgardo Cozarinsky : Its title was already a challenge – ... ("Puntos suspensivos" – Dot Dot Dot).
Edgardo Cozarinsky : It was nevertheless screened at festivals throughout Europe and the United States.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : He became established as a Spanish-language writer, and his works were also translated into several other languages.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : During this period he spent most of his time in Buenos Aires, returning to Paris for regular short stays.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : His name reflects his mother's enthusiasm for the writings of Edgar Allan Poe, while his surname comes from his grandparents, Ukrainian Jewish immigrants who arrived in Argentina from Kiev and Odessa in the late nineteenth century.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : At a time when European television networks were willing to support such ventures, Cozarinsky was able to develop this approach in a series of original works.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : While still in the hospital following his diagnosis he wrote the first two stories for "La novia de Odessa" ("The Bride from Odessa").
Edgardo Cozarinsky : Cozarinsky was diagnosed with cancer in 1999.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : Cozarinsky visited Europe from September 1966 to June 1967, stopping for a visit to New York City on his return to Buenos Aires.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : The most distinguished of these is "La Guerre d'un seul homme" ("One Man's War", 1981), a confrontation between Ernst Jünger's wartime diaries and French newsreels of the occupation period.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : He then returned three years later to produce "Guerreros y cautivas" ("Warriors and Captive Women"), filmed in the country's far southern reaches.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : He produced fiction films and "essays", mixing documentary material with personal reflections on the material.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : From that date on, his film work became sparse and he started publishing "all the books I had not put on paper", fiction mostly but also essays and chronicles.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : Edgardo Cozarinsky (; born 1939 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a writer and filmmaker.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : He wrote for the culture sections of the Argentine weeklies Primera Plana and Panorama, then he produced his first film.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : In his early twenties he became acquainted with Jorge Luis Borges, Adolfo Bioy Casares and Silvina Ocampo in Buenos Aires.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : In 1973 he won a literary prize for his essay on gossip as narrative device in the writings of James and Proust.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : In 2008 he started work on the libretto for a chamber opera with the musician Pablo Mainetti – "Ultramarina", based on motives from his own novel "El rufián moldavo" (The Moldavian Pimp).
Edgardo Cozarinsky : In 1974 he published "Borges y el cine", a book that he expanded in every reprint (Spain, 1978 and 2002, and translations).
Edgardo Cozarinsky : Cozarinsky has filmed in such diverse locations as Budapest, Rotterdam, Tallinn, Tangiers, Vienna, Granada, Saint Petersburg, Seville and Patagonia.
Edgardo Cozarinsky : In that year he also appeared on the alternative stage along with his medical doctor, in one of Vivi Tellas' "documentary theater" ventures -"Cozarinsky y su médico".
Yacouba Konaté : Yacouba Konaté (4 May 1953) is a curator, writer, art critic and professor of Philosophy at the Université de Cocody in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.
Yacouba Konaté : In 2007 he taught at the Laval University in Canada and in 2007 he was a Carter Fellow at the University of Florida, Gainesville.
Yacouba Konaté : In 2006 he was the Artistic Director of the Dakar Biennale.
Yacouba Konaté : In 2000 he served as a Director of the National Institute of Arts and Culture and as a Director of the Cabinet of Ministers of Culture and Francophony.
Yacouba Konaté : In 1998 he was Fulbright Professor at Stanford University, between 2004–2008 he taught at l'École des hautes études en sciences sociales in France.
Yacouba Konaté : He is also head of the l'Institut national supérieur des Arts et de l'action culturelle of Abidjan.
Liam Finn : Liam Mullane Finn (born 24 September 1983) is a New Zealand musician and songwriter.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The trip was not without controversy.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In many Buddhist traditions, there is a progression of names that a person can receive.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The first, the lineage name, is given when a person takes refuge in the Three Jewels.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : These monasteries are open to the public during much of the year and provide ongoing retreats for laypersons.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The committee did not make an award that year.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh was awarded the Courage of Conscience award in 1991.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He coined the term "Engaged Buddhism" in his book "Vietnam: Lotus in a Sea of Fire".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : His ideas for peace, if applied, would build a monument to ecumenism, to world brotherhood, to humanity".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh conducted a peace walk in Los Angeles in 2005, and again in 2007.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The next is a Dharma name, given when a person, lay or monastic, takes additional vows or when one is ordained as a monastic.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In his nomination Dr. King said, "I do not personally know of anyone more worthy of [this prize] than this gentle monk from Vietnam.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh has published over 100 books, including more than 70 in English.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He heads this monastic and lay group, teaching Five Mindfulness Trainings and the Fourteen Mindfulness Trainings.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 1963, he returned to Vietnam to aid his fellow monks in their non-violent peace efforts.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 1975 he formed the Sweet Potato Meditation Center.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The fact that King had revealed the candidate he had chosen to nominate and had made a "strong request" to the prize committee, was in sharp violation of the Nobel traditions and protocol.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : It declared: "It is time for North and South Vietnam to find a way to stop the war and help all Vietnamese people live peacefully and with mutual respect."
Thích Nhất Hạnh : From that point the SYSS struggled to raise funds and faced attacks on its members.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The SYSS persisted in their relief efforts without taking sides in the conflict.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 1967, Dr. King gave the speech at the Riverside Church in New York City, his first to publicly question the U.S. involvement in Vietnam.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : From 1976–1977 he led efforts to help rescue Vietnamese boat people in the Gulf of Siam, eventually stopping under pressure from the governments of Thailand and Singapore.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : At a meeting in April 1965, Vạn Hanh Union students issued a "Call for Peace" statement.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : After a long term of exile, he was given permission to make his first return trip to Vietnam in 2005.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : By then he had gained fluency in French, Chinese, Sanskrit, Pali, Japanese and English, in addition to his native Vietnamese.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Vietnamese names follow this naming convention, placing the family or surname first, then the middle or intercalary name which often refers to the person's position in the family or generation, followed by the given name.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Neither "Nhất" (一) nor "Hạnh" (行)—which approximate the roles of middle name or intercalary name and given name, respectively, when referring to him in English—was part of his name at birth.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He is active in the peace movement, promoting nonviolent solutions to conflict.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh, along with Alfred Hassler and Sister Chân Không, became the subject of a graphic novel entitled "The Secret of the 5 Powers" in 2013.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The Order of Interbeing also holds retreats for specific groups of lay people, such as families, teenagers, veterans, the entertainment industry, members of Congress, law enforcement officers and people of color.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He cites the 13th-century Vietnamese king Trần Nhân Tông with the origination of the concept.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The chanting ceremonies were originally called "Grand Requiem for Praying Equally for All to Untie the Knots of Unjust Suffering", but Vietnamese officials objected, saying it was unacceptable for the government to "equally" pray for soldiers in the South Vietnamese army or U.S. soldiers.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh created the Order of Interbeing () in 1966.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He was also allowed to teach there, publish four of his books in Vietnamese, and travel the country with monastic and lay members of his Order, including a return to his root temple, Tu Hieu Temple in Huế.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh has also been a leader in the Engaged Buddhism movement (he is credited with coining the term), promoting the individual's active role in creating change.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh agreed to change the name to "Grand Requiem For Praying".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh left for the U.S. shortly afterwards, leaving Sister Chân Không in charge of the SYSS.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Hạnh's presentation of the Prajnaparamita in terms of "interbeing" has doctrinal antecedents in the Huayan school of thought, which "is often said to provide a philosophical foundation" for Zen.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He had written a letter to Martin Luther King, Jr. in 1965 entitled: "In Search of the Enemy of Man".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Any Vietnamese monk or nun in the Mahayana tradition can be addressed as "thầy".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh is now recognized as a dharmacharya (teacher), and as the spiritual head of the Từ Hiếu Pagoda and associated monasteries.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Thich Vien Dinh feared that the trip would be used as propaganda by the Vietnamese government, suggesting to the world that religious freedom is improving there, while abuses continue.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He established two monasteries in Vietnam, at the original Từ Hiếu Temple near Huế and at Prajna Temple in the central highlands.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : On the Vietnamese version of the Plum Village website, he is also referred to as Thiền Sư Nhất Hạnh "Zen Master Nhất Hạnh".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : "Nhất" (一) means "one", implying "first-class", or "of best quality"; "Hạnh" (行) means "action", implying "right conduct" or "good nature."
Thích Nhất Hạnh : On May 1, 1966 at Từ Hiếu Temple, he received the "lamp transmission", making him a dharmacharya, from Zen Master Chân Thật.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Despite the controversy, Thích Nhất Hạnh again returned to Vietnam in 2007, while two senior officials of the banned Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam (UBCV) remained under house arrest.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Thích Nhất Hạnh's approach has been to combine a variety of teachings of Early Buddhism, Mahayana Buddhist traditions of Yogācāra and Zen, and ideas from Western psychology to teach Mindfulness of Breathing and the Four Establishments of Mindfulness, offering a modern light on meditation practice.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh was born as Nguyễn Xuân Bảo, in the city of Huế in Central Vietnam in 1926.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : It was during his 1966 stay in the US that Nhất Hạnh met with King and urged him to publicly denounce the Vietnam War.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Vietnamese Buddhist monks are addressed "thầy tu" "monk" and nuns are addressed as "sư cô" "sister" or "sư bà" "elder sister".
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Vạn Hạnh University was taken over by one of the Chancellors who wished to sever ties with Thich Nhất Hạnh and the SYSS, accusing Sister Chân Không of being a communist.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 2005, following lengthy negotiations, Nhất Hạnh was given permission from the Vietnamese government to return for a visit.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Trần Nhân Tông abdicated his throne to become a monk and founded the Vietnamese Buddhist school of the Bamboo Forest tradition.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The center grew and in 1982 he and his colleague Sister Chân Không founded Plum Village Monastery, a vihara in the Dordogne in the south of France.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Additionally, Dharma titles are sometimes given, and Thích Nhất Hạnh's Dharma title is Nhất Hạnh.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : At the age of 16 he entered the monastery at nearby Từ Hiếu Temple, where his primary teacher was Zen Master Thanh Quý Chân Thật.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The Unified Buddhist Church called his visit a betrayal, symbolizing his willingness to work with his co-religionists' oppressors.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Thich Vien Dinh, writing on behalf of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam (considered illegal by the Vietnamese government), called for Nhất Hạnh to make a statement against the Vietnam government's poor record on religious freedom.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In the following years he founded Lá Bối Press, the Vạn Hanh Buddhist University in Saigon, and the School of Youth for Social Service (SYSS); a neutral corps of Buddhist peaceworkers who went into rural areas to establish schools, build healthcare clinics, and help rebuild villages.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 1961 Nhất Hạnh went to the US to teach comparative religion at Princeton University, and was subsequently appointed lecturer in Buddhism at Columbia University.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh returned to the US in 1966 to lead a symposium in Vietnamese Buddhism at Cornell University, and to continue his work for peace.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : A graduate of Báo Quốc Buddhist Academy in Central Vietnam, Thích Nhất Hạnh received training in Vietnamese traditions of Mahayana Buddhism, as well as Vietnamese Thiền, and received full ordination as a Bhikkhu in 1951.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The Plum Village Website states that the three goals of his 2007 trip back to Vietnam were to support new monastics in his Order; to organize and conduct "Great Chanting Ceremonies" intended to help heal remaining wounds from the Vietnam War; and to lead retreats for monastics and lay people.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : In 1969 he established the Unified Buddhist Church (Église Bouddhique Unifiée) in France (not a part of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam).
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nhất Hạnh taught Buddhist psychology and prajnaparamita literature at Vạn Hanh Buddhist University, a private institution that taught Buddhist studies, Vietnamese culture, and languages.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : The Plum Village Community of Engaged Buddhism (formerly the Unified Buddhist Church) and its sister organization in France the Congregation Bouddhique Zen Village des Pruniers are the legally recognized governing bodies for Plum Village in France, for Blue Cliff Monastery in Pine Bush, New York, the Community of Mindful Living, Parallax Press, Deer Park Monastery in California, Magnolia Grove Monastery in Batesville, Mississippi, and the European Institute of Applied Buddhism in Waldbröl, Germany.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Thích Nhất Hạnh and the Order of Interbeing have established monasteries and Dharma centers in the United States at Deer Park Monastery (Tu Viện Lộc Uyển) in Escondido, California, Maple Forest Monastery (Tu Viện Rừng Phong) and Green Mountain Dharma Center (Ðạo Tràng Thanh Sơn) in Vermont and Magnolia Grove Monastery (Đạo Tràng Mộc Lan) in Mississippi, the second of which closed in 2007 and moved to the Blue Cliff Monastery in Pine Bush, New York .
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Notable members of the order of interbeing and disciples of Thích Nhất Hạnh include: Skip Ewing, founder of the Nashville Mindfulness Center; Natalie Goldberg, author and teacher; Sister Chân Không, Dharma teacher; Caitriona Reed, Dharma teacher and co-founder of Manzanita Village Retreat Center; Larry Rosenberg, Dharma teacher; Cheri Maples police officer and dharma teacher; and Pritam Singh, real estate developer and editor of several of Nhất Hạnh's books.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : He returned to France on January 8, 2016.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Later that year, Dr. King nominated Nhất Hạnh for the 1967 Nobel Peace Prize.
Thích Nhất Hạnh : Nobel laureate Martin Luther King, Jr. nominated Thích Nhất Hạnh for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1967.
Kiril Lazarov : Due to his scoring prowess, he is regarded as one of the best handball scorers of all time.
Kiril Lazarov : Kiril Lazarov () (born 10 May 1980 in Sveti Nikole, then in SFR Yugoslavia) is an Macedonian handball player who plays for HBC Nantes and for the Macedonian national team.
Kiril Lazarov : On 24 March 2009, Kiril Lazarov was awarded the Medal for Service to the Country by the then-president of the Republic of Macedonia Branko Crvenkovski in acknowledgement of his sport achievements and his contribution to developing and popularizing sport in Macedonia as well as promoting the country abroad.
Kiril Lazarov : Lazarov was top scorer of the EHF Champions League two times with MVM Veszprém and RK Zagreb.
Oscar Camenzind : His career came to an abrupt end when he retired from pro cycling after a positive doping test in July 2004 for erythropoietin, leading into the Athens Olympics.
Oscar Camenzind : In 1998 he won the World Road Championship and the Giro di Lombardia, in 2000 he won the Tour de Suisse and he won Liège–Bastogne–Liège in 2001.
Oscar Camenzind : Oscar Camenzind (born 12 September 1971 in Schwyz, Switzerland) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Switzerland.
Jaime Sunye Neto : Jaime Sunye Neto (born May 2, 1957) is a Brazilian chess player.
Jaime Sunye Neto : Awarded the International Master title in 1980 and the Grandmaster title in 1986, he was Brazilian champion seven times, in 1976, 1977, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982 and 1983 (jointly with Marcos Paolozzi).
André Diamant : André Diamant (born February 9, 1990 in Fortaleza) is a Brazilian chess Grandmaster.
Henry Giroux : Giroux's writing has won many awards, and he has written for a range of public and scholarly sources.
Henry Giroux : While there he also served as the founding Director of the Center for Education and Cultural Studies.
Henry Giroux : Henry A. Giroux (born September 18, 1943) is an American and Canadian scholar and cultural critic.
Henry Giroux : In 2005, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Letters by Memorial University of Newfoundland.
Henry Giroux : (Doctor of Arts) in history at Carnegie-Mellon in 1977.
Henry Giroux : Following that, he became an education professor and renowned scholar in residence at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
Henry Giroux : One of the founding theorists of critical pedagogy in the United States, he is best known for his pioneering work in public pedagogy, cultural studies, youth studies, higher education, media studies, and critical theory.
Henry Giroux : Between 1992 and 2004, he held the Waterbury Chair Professorship at Penn State University.
Teruo Nimura : In December 1970, Nimura was selected Japan national team for 1970 Asian Games.
Timothy Hutton : In 2000, he married illustrator Aurore Giscard d'Estaing, niece of former French president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.
Timothy Hutton : His first marriage (1986–1990) was to actress Debra Winger; they have a son, Noah, born in 1987.
Timothy Hutton : Timothy Hutton was born in Malibu, California.
Timothy Hutton : Timothy Tarquin Hutton (born August 16, 1960) is an American actor and director.
Shota Arveladze : Arveladze joined Rangers from Ajax for £3m in 2001.
Shota Arveladze : He scored 23 goals, accumulating total 48 goals for AZ in 89 competitive appearances.
Shota Arveladze : His brothers Archil and Revaz also played International football.
Shota Arveladze : Arveladze played at Dinamo Tbilisi, Trabzonspor, Ajax, Rangers, AZ and Levante.
Shota Arveladze : Shota Arveladze was a regular in the Georgian national team and is its all-time leading scorer with 26 goals in his 61 games.
Taras Stepanenko : On 17 November 2010, he made his debut for the senior side in the 2:2 draw with Switzerland in a friendly match, coming on as a 65th-minute substitute for Taras Mykhalyk.
Taras Stepanenko : Taras Mykolayovych Stepanenko (; born 8 August 1989) is a Ukrainian footballer, who is currently playing for FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Francisco Pavón : Francisco "Paco" Pavón Barahona (born 9 January 1980) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Francisco Pavón : His name became associated with the "Los Galácticos" policy when Real Madrid – where he spent most of his professional career – president Florentino Pérez promised to build a team full of "Zidanes and Pavones" – expensive high-profile recruits like Zinedine Zidane and youth team graduates like Pavón.
Francisco Pavón : In the very last minute of the 2010 summer transfer window he signed with AC Arles-Avignon, reuniting with former Real Madrid teammate Álvaro Mejía.
Valerio Massimo Manfredi : Valerio Massimo Manfredi (born 8 March 1942) is an Italian historian, writer, essayist, archaeologist and journalist.
Valerio Massimo Manfredi : At the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore itself, he taught from 1980 to 1986, then moved on to an academic career at the Università of Venice (1987) and then at the Loyola University of Chicago, the Sorbonne University in Paris and the Bocconi University in Milan.
Silvio Marzolini : After a discussion with the club managers asking for playing in the Senior team, Marzolini was suspended for two years.
Silvio Marzolini : After retiring as a player, Marzolini become manager of All Boys where he stayed from 1975 to 1976.
Silvio Marzolini : Marzolini's first steps as footballer were in Deportivo Italiano, soon moving to the young divisions of Ferro Carril Oeste in 1955.
Silvio Marzolini : Silvio Marzolini (born 4 October 1940 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football player who gained recognition during his tenure on Boca Juniors (1960–72).
Silvio Marzolini : Marzolini debuted with Boca on April 3, 1960 against Estudiantes de La Plata, defeating it by 2-1.
Silvio Marzolini : Nevertheless, he debuted in Primera División in May 1959, playing against Boca Juniors, that would hire him the following year.
Silvio Marzolini : He is widely regarded as the best Argentine left back of all time, playing that position for the Argentina national football team in the 1962 FIFA World Cup and the 1966 FIFA World Cup, where he was elected as the best left back of that tournament.
Silvio Marzolini : Marzolini was also the most capped player of the season with 28 games played.
Silvio Marzolini : In 1981 Marzolini returned to Boca Juniors, with which he won the 1981 Metropolitano with superstar Diego Maradona as the outstanding player of the team.
Silvio Marzolini : The first achievement came in 1962 when Boca won the title, with notable players such as goalkeeper Antonio Roma, Brazilian striker Paulo Valentim and Norberto Menéndez.
Silvio Marzolini : Marzolini played a total of 29 games scoring 2 goals.
Silvio Marzolini : Boca finished 3rd.
Diego Klimowicz : Borussia Dortmund
Diego Klimowicz : After netting just seven times across all competitions during his spell at the "Estadio José Zorrilla", however, he returned to his country in 1999 and joined Club Atlético Lanús.
Diego Klimowicz : Diego Fernando Klimowicz (born 6 July 1974) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a centre forward.
Diego Klimowicz : Born in Quilmes, Buenos Aires, Klimowicz started his career at Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba in the Primera B Nacional.
Ralf König : He has resided in Soest, Dortmund and Berlin and now lives in Cologne.
Ralf König : After attending a German Hauptschule, König completed an apprenticeship, learning the trade of a joiner.
Ralf König : A few of his comics have been adapted into films, and several have translated into other languages.
Ralf König : Ralf König (born 8 August 1960) is one of the best known and most commercially successful German comic book creators.
Mikel Arruabarrena : Mikel Arruabarrena Aranbide (born 9 February 1983) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a centre forward.
Mikel Arruabarrena : Born in Tolosa, Basque Country, Arruabarrena had stints with local giants Athletic Bilbao and Navarrese neighbours CA Osasuna, but did not made it past the reserves on either occasion.
Carlos Cardoen : He has been suffering from colon cancer for many years.
Carlos Cardoen : He allegedly illegally sold zirconium supplemented armaments to Iraq under the Saddam Regime, exported from the United States, for which he has an international arrest warrant.
Carlos Cardoen : From the 1990s onwards Cardoen has invested capital into the wine, energy, match, fruit juice and tourism businesses in Chile, especially in O'Higgins, his home region.
Rudy Gay : On July 11, 2018, Gay re-signed with the Spurs.
Rudy Gay : On November 19, 2014, he signed a three-year, $40 million contract extension with the Kings.
Rudy Gay : Gay had one of his best seasons in the NBA, averaging 21.1 points, 5.9 rebounds and 3.7 assists in 68 games.
Rudy Gay : Rudy Carlton Gay Jr. (born August 17, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Rudy Gay : Gay was selected with the eighth overall pick in the 2006 NBA draft by the Houston Rockets, who then traded him and Stromile Swift to the Memphis Grizzlies in exchange for Shane Battier on July 12.
Rudy Gay : On December 9, 2013, the Raptors traded Gay, along with Quincy Acy and Aaron Gray, to the Sacramento Kings in exchange for Greivis Vásquez, John Salmons, Chuck Hayes and Patrick Patterson.
Erwin Romero : He is one of the national league's all-time top 10 scorers with 134 goals in 348 appearances between 1977 and 1992.
Erwin Romero : Some of the clubs he played for include Oriente Petrolero, Quilmes, Blooming and Bolívar.
Erwin Romero : Romero played for Bolivia in four World Cup qualifying campaigns- 1978, 1982, 1986 and 1990 as well as the 1979 and 1983 Copa América tournaments.
Donald Sutherland : Sutherland has been married three times.
Donald Sutherland : His teenage years were spent in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia.
Donald Sutherland : Sutherland was made an Officer of the Order of Canada on 18 December 1978 and promoted to Companion of the Order of Canada in 2019.
Donald Sutherland : He is the father of actors Kiefer Sutherland, Rossif Sutherland and Angus Sutherland.
Donald Sutherland : He changed his mind about becoming an engineer, and left Canada for Britain in 1957, studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Donald Sutherland : Donald McNichol Sutherland, (born 17 July 1935) is a Canadian actor whose film career spans more than five decades.
Donald Sutherland : They married in 1972 and have three sons: Rossif Sutherland, Angus Redford Sutherland, and Roeg Sutherland.
Donald Sutherland : Sutherland found himself as a leading man throughout the 1970s in films such as the Venice-based psychological horror film "Don't Look Now" (1973), co-starring Julie Christie, a role which saw him nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor, the war film "The Eagle Has Landed" (1976), "Federico Fellini's Casanova" (1976) and the thriller "Eye of the Needle" (which was filmed on location on the Isle of Mull, West Scotland).
Donald Sutherland : and as the ever-optimistic health inspector in the science fiction/horror film "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1978) alongside Brooke Adams and Jeff Goldblum.
Ron Mueck : Ronald Mueck ( or /ˈmuːɪk/; born 1958, Melbourne) is an Australian sculptor working in the United Kingdom.
Ron Mueck : Mueck spends a long time, sometimes more than a year, creating each sculpture.
Ron Mueck : His high sculpture "Boy" 1999 was a feature in the Millennium Dome, and later exhibited at the 49th Venice Biennale in 2001.
Ron Mueck : Mueck's sculpture responds to the minute details of the human body, playing with scale to produce engrossing visual images (a style known as hyperrealism).
Rainer Hönisch : He won bronze at the 1978 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the 1 km time trial for amateurs.
Guillermo del Toro : I hate them.
Guillermo del Toro : He was raised in a strict Catholic household.
Guillermo del Toro : He spent 10 years as a special-effects make-up designer and formed his own company, Necropia.
Guillermo del Toro : He also co-founded the Guadalajara International Film Festival.
Guillermo del Toro : He started dating Lorenza when both were studying at the Instituto de Ciencias in Guadalajara.
Guillermo del Toro : On August 31, 2017, the movie premiered in the main competition section of the 74th Venice International Film Festival, where it was awarded the Golden Lion for best film, making Del Toro the first Mexican director to win the award.
Guillermo del Toro : The three often influence each other's directorial decisions, and have been interviewed together by Charlie Rose.
Guillermo del Toro : Del Toro studied at the Centro de Investigación y Estudios Cinematográficos, at the University of Guadalajara.
Guillermo del Toro : Del Toro was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, the son of Guadalupe Gómez and Federico del Toro Torres, an automotive entrepreneur.
Guillermo del Toro : He is close friends with two other prominent and critically praised Mexican filmmakers Alfonso Cuarón and Alejandro González Iñárritu.
Guillermo del Toro : Del Toro has directed a wide variety of films, from comic book adaptations ("Blade II", "Hellboy") to historical fantasy and horror films, two of which are set in Spain in the context of the Spanish Civil War under the authoritarian rule of Francisco Franco.
Guillermo del Toro : Guillermo del Toro Gómez (; born October 9, 1964) is a Mexican filmmaker, author, actor, and former special effects makeup artist.
Hassan Adams : 1 ranking in his senior year.
Hassan Adams : A McDonald's All-American and second team Parade All-America pick.
Hassan Adams : Adams attended Westchester High School in Westchester, Los Angeles, where he averaged 18 points, 5 rebounds and 3 assists while leading his team to a 32–2 record, the California State Division I-A Championship, and a USA Today No.
Hassan Adams : Named California Mr. Basketball, the first guard to receive the honor since Baron Davis in 1997.
Hassan Adams : Adams played collegiately at the University of Arizona from 2002 to 2006.
Hassan Adams : In the 2006 NBA draft, Adams was selected by the New Jersey Nets in the second round with the 54th pick.
Hassan Adams : On November 29, 2006, Adams scored a career-high 16 points against the Boston Celtics in 23 minutes of playing time.
Hassan Adams : In pre-draft workouts, Adams was injured after Texas forward P. J. Tucker stepped on his foot.
Hassan Adams : Hassan Olawale Adams (born June 20, 1984) is an American former professional basketball player.
Shigetatsu Matsunaga : Matsunaga was capped 40 times for Japan national team between 1988 and 1995.
Shigetatsu Matsunaga : He moved to fellow JFL side Brummell Sendai in 1997.
Shigetatsu Matsunaga : He came back to J1 League to play for Kyoto Purple Sanga in 1998 and spent 3 seasons there before he retired in 2000.
Shigetatsu Matsunaga : He was also tending the goal when Japan's hope to play in the 1994 World Cup finals was dashed by a late Iraqi equaliser in the 1994 World Cup qualification final qualifier, the match that the Japanese fans now refer to as the Agony of Doha.
Shigetatsu Matsunaga : However, he was sent off for retaliation in the semi-final against China and Kazuya Maekawa filled in for him for the rest of the competition.
Stéphane Ruffier : He was also included in the France squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Stéphane Ruffier : Stéphane Ruffier (; born 27 September 1986) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ligue 1 club AS Saint-Étienne.
Mauro Piacenza : A cardinal since 2010, he has served as Penitentiary Major of the Apostolic Penitentiary since his appointment by Pope Francis on 21 September 2013.
Mauro Piacenza : Mauro Piacenza JCD (born 15 September 1944) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church.
Mauro Piacenza : He joined the staff of the Congregation for the Clergy in 1990 and was named its Undersecretary on 11 March 2000.
Mauro Piacenza : He served as professor of contemporary culture and history of atheism at the Ligurian Higher Institute of Religious Studies as well as professor of dogmatic theology at the Diocesan Institute of Theology for the Lay "Didascaleion".
Mauro Piacenza : He was named President of the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archeology on 28 August 2004.
Mauro Piacenza : He was made a canon of the Genoa Cathedral in 1986.
Mauro Piacenza : He received his episcopal consecration on 15 November from Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, with Cardinal Darío Castrillón Hoyos and Bishop Alberto Tanasini as co-consecrators.
Mauro Piacenza : After studying at the Major Archiepiscopal Seminary of Genoa, he was ordained to the priesthood by Giuseppe Siri on 21 December 1969.
Mauro Piacenza : On 13 October 2003, Pope John Paul II appointed Piacenza President of the Pontifical Commission for the Cultural Heritage of the Church and Titular Bishop of Victoriana.
David Bustos : David Bustos González (born 25 August 1990) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the 800 metres and 1500 metres.
David Bustos : He has 3:34.77 minutes in the 1500 metres, achieved in June 2012 in Huelva.
David Bustos : He is married to Talania Buria Garcia.
Daniel Koprivcic : Koprivcic retired in 2014.
Daniel Koprivcic : Daniel Koprivcic (born 3 August 1981) is a retired footballer who played for Auckland City FC and Waitakere United in the New Zealand Football Championship (NZFC).
Daniel Koprivcic : In 2009, he moved to Auckland City FC where he scored 4 goals in 13 appearances, as well as notching up 6 appearances in the 2009–10 OFC Champions League and scoring 7 goals.
Avigdor Lieberman : Upon his release from the army, he earned a BA in International Relations and Political Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Avigdor Lieberman : Avigdor Lieberman (, , , , , 5 July 1958) is a Soviet-born Israeli politician who served as the Defense Minister of Israel from 2016 to 2018; on 14 November 2018, he resigned because of a ceasefire in Gaza which he characterized as "surrendering to terror."
Gilbert Bauvin : Gilbert Bauvin (born 4 August 1927 in Lunéville, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a former professional French road bicycle racer.
Ricardo Rosset : Ricardo Rosset (born 27 July 1968) is a Brazilian racing driver.
Ricardo Rosset : Rosset made his début in International Formula 3000 with the Super Nova Racing team in 1995.
Alex Saviuk : He attended the School of Visual Arts, where he studied with (among others) Will Eisner, graduating in 1974 with a degree in Illustration.
Alex Saviuk : Saviuk's professional career began in 1977 at DC Comics, where he illustrated such titles as "Green Lantern", "The Flash", and "Superman".
Alex Saviuk : From 1994–1997, Saviuk worked on the series "Spider-Man Adventures" (later retitled "The Adventures of Spider-Man").
Alex Saviuk : Alex Saviuk (; born August 17, 1952) is an American comics artist primarily known for his work on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
Antonio Tajani : Tajani received the Commissioner for Transport portfolio.
Antonio Tajani : In 2009 he was reappointed as a member of Italian nationality of the second Barroso Commission, as European Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship; he remained one of the four Vice-Presidents of the Commission.
Antonio Tajani : He was admitted to the European People's Party.
Antonio Tajani : In 2001, Tajani was a candidate for mayor of Rome for the coalition of the House of Freedom, but was defeated by Walter Veltroni after polling 47.8% of votes.
Antonio Tajani : He was one of the founders of the Forza Italia party in 1994, and then regional coordinator of the party in Lazio from 1994 in 2005.
Antonio Tajani : After a long and difficult negotiation with the leaders of the company and social partners, Tajani was able to obtain the reopening of the plant in April 2014, preserving the jobs of two-thirds of the workers.
Antonio Tajani : On 8 May 2008, he was appointed as Italy's EU Commissioner by newly elected Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, replacing Franco Frattini, who became the new Italian foreign minister.
Antonio Tajani : In April 2015, the city of Gijón, in the Principality of Asturias (Spain) dedicated a street to Antonio Tajani, in recognition of his work done during his mandate as Vice President of the European Commission, responsible for Industry and Entrepreneurship.
Antonio Tajani : The naming of the street was proposed by the workers of the American company Tenneco together with the federation of Asturian businesses, and approved unanimously by all political forces in the city Council of Gijón, for the mediation carried out by Tajani in September 2013 in the negotiations with Tenneco, which by decided to close the plant in Asturias and, if followed through, would have resulted in the dismissal of 210 employees.
Juan Pablo Ángel : Ángel was voted MLS Player of the Month for May 2007.
Juan Pablo Ángel : The following year he moved to Europe, joining Aston Villa of the Premier League for a club record £9.5 million.
Juan Pablo Ángel : As a sign of commitment to the team, his wage in Medellín was only 30 million pesos (US$15,600) per month compared to his former salary in the US which was 300 million pesos (US$156,000) a month.
Juan Pablo Ángel : New York Red Bulls
Juan Pablo Ángel : Juan Pablo Ángel Arango (born 24 October 1975) is a retired Colombian footballer who last played as a forward for Atlético Nacional in Categoría Primera A.
Juan Pablo Ángel : On 2 February 2013 Ángel wore green again as a starter at the Estadio Atanasio Girardot where he scored a goal from the penalty spot in his team's 3-0 victory against Atlético Huila.
Denis Leary : Leary was the star and co-creator of "Rescue Me".
Denis Leary : They met when he was her instructor in an English class at Emerson College.
Denis Leary : 1929), was a maid, and his father, John Leary (1924–1985), was an auto mechanic.
Denis Leary : Also in 2008, Leary voiced a guest role as himself on the "Lost Verizon" episode of "The Simpsons".
Denis Leary : He has produced numerous movies, television shows and specials through his production company, Apostle; these include Comedy Central's "Shorties Watchin' Shorties", the stand-up special "Denis Leary's Merry F#$%in' Christmas" and the movie "Blow".
Denis Leary : Leary attended Saint Peter's High School (now Saint Peter-Marian High School) in Worcester and graduated from Emerson College in Boston.
Denis Leary : Leary is a third cousin of talk show host Conan O'Brien.
Denis Leary : Denis Colin Leary (born August 18, 1957) is an American actor, comedian, singer, writer and producer.
Mart Poom : He is currently the goalkeeping coach of the Estonia national football team.
Mart Poom : Mart Poom (; ; born 3 February 1972) is an Estonian football coach and former professional player.
Mart Poom : Poom returned to the side for the start of the 2008–09 season, but sustained a dislocated shoulder in a game against Reading on 20 September 2008 that ruled him out for the majority of the season.
Mart Poom : In November 2003, the Estonian Football Association named Poom Estonia's greatest player of the last 50 years.
Mart Poom : On 31 August 2005, Poom was signed by Arsenal on loan as temporary cover for Jens Lehmann and Manuel Almunia.
Mart Poom : Poom played as a goalkeeper for Lõvid, Sport Tallinn, KuPS, Flora, Wil, Portsmouth, Derby County, Sunderland, Arsenal, and Watford.
Jens Jeremies : Jeremies moved to TSV's city neighbours FC Bayern Munich in the summer of 1998, the club for which he would play the remainder of his career.
Jens Jeremies : Jeremies was reinstated for the 2002 World Cup, even captaining the team once in a friendly after the competition, but retired from international football after Germany's group stage exit in Euro 2004 in Portugal, claiming he wanted to focus on his club duties with Bayern.
Yacine Brahimi : That way, I could continue my football training while preparing my Baccalauréat."
Yacine Brahimi : The new deal was to keep him at the club until June 2014.
Yacine Brahimi : They advised me to choose Stade Rennes.
Yacine Brahimi : In 2008, the youth academy achieved its biggest honour after winning the Coupe Gambardella.
Yacine Brahimi : He started the match and played 71 minutes in a 1–1 draw.
Yacine Brahimi : As a result, Brahimi began rotating in and out of the starting lineup.
Yacine Brahimi : For a portion of the fall season, the play-maker underwent a dry spell not scoring a goal or providing an assist.
Yacine Brahimi : This option was taken on 4 June 2013, when he signed a four-year deal at the club.
Yacine Brahimi : At the LFP Awards, he was voted the best African player of the 2013–14 season.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi played 89 minutes in the match receiving a yellow card in the process.
Yacine Brahimi : It was the club's first defeat in a match where Brahimi had scored a goal.
Yacine Brahimi : Despite being courted by several French and European clubs, following his stint at Clairefontaine, he signed an "aspirant" (youth) contract with Rennes.
Yacine Brahimi : While training at Clairefontaine during the week, he regularly played for Vincennois on the weekends.
Yacine Brahimi : However, the match ended in a 2–1 defeat for Clermont.
Yacine Brahimi : In their next European fixture, he had his penalty saved by goalkeeper Andriy Pyatov with the game goalless at Shakhtar Donetsk.
Yacine Brahimi : While growing up, he often emulated Zinedine Zidane while playing street football with friends.
Yacine Brahimi : With the under-16 team, the foursome won the Tournoi Carisport, a national tournament that regularly pits the top academies in France against each other.
Yacine Brahimi : Following a successful international season with France, Rennes decided it would be best to send the young player on loan to receive some much needed playing time.
Yacine Brahimi : He joined Damien Le Tallec (the younger brother of Anthony Le Tallec), Yann M'Vila, Yohann Lasimant, Kévin Théophile-Catherine and Samuel Souprayen as the club's most sought after prospects.
Yacine Brahimi : In October 2010, Brahimi cited choosing Rennes as his destination because of the club's educational value, stating, "In Rennes, the academy gives much importance to the schoolwork", and, "It was a warranty for my parents.
Yacine Brahimi : The win moved Clermont up to 4th position in the league standings and just three points off a promotion place.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi was born in Paris to Algerian parents and grew up in the eastern suburbs of Paris in Montreuil in Seine-Saint-Denis.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi began his football career playing for his local club ASB Montreuil.
Yacine Brahimi : The title was Rennes' third Gambardella Cup and its first since 2003 when the likes of Yoann Gourcuff and Sylvain Marveaux were playing in the competition.
Yacine Brahimi : Unfortunately for Clermont, the club failed to earn promotion to Ligue 1 for the first time in club history as it lost the match 1–0.
Yacine Brahimi : After a four-year stint there, he joined CO Vincennois, known for producing Ligue 1 player Blaise Matuidi, in nearby Vincennes.
Yacine Brahimi : The long-range driven goal was the only goal of the match as the victory moved Rennes equal on points with PSG for second place.
Yacine Brahimi : The combination of M'Vila, Brahimi, Camara and Le Tallec (all four being members of the class of 1990) were particularly instrumental in their youth team's successes.
Yacine Brahimi : The following week, Brahimi continued to display his offensive prowess scoring against Le Havre.
Yacine Brahimi : Following the season, on 15 May 2010, Rennes manager Frédéric Antonetti confirmed that Brahimi would return to the team, despite interest from Arsenal and Real Madrid, and that he would be heavily relied upon for the 2010–11 season possibly serving as the playmaker replacing the aging Jérôme Leroy.
Yacine Brahimi : Two years later, Brahimi was selected to attend the renowned Clairefontaine academy in 2003 in order to further his development.
Yacine Brahimi : On 5 February 2011, Brahimi scored a goal against his former youth club Paris Saint-Germain.
Yacine Brahimi : Yacine Nasr Eddine Brahimi (; born 8 February 1990) is a professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Rayyan and the Algeria national team.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi joined Rennes and quickly became a part of a slew of talent in the club's youth academy.
Yacine Brahimi : Following the 2007–08 season, on 23 June, Brahimi signed his first professional contract agreeing to a three-year deal until June 2011.
Yacine Brahimi : The following day, Rennes announced that Brahimi had signed a four-year contract extension with the club.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi arrived at the club following the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, alongside fellow loanee from Juventus Carlo Vecchione, and was assigned the number 28 shirt.
Yacine Brahimi : Two weeks later, he scored again, converting another penalty in a 1–1 draw with Guingamp.
Yacine Brahimi : In his final year at Clairefontaine, Brahimi spent a year at the Camp des Loges, the youth training centre of Paris Saint-Germain, training alongside youth international teammate Mamadou Sakho.
Yacine Brahimi : After the winter break, Brahimi returned to form scoring and providing an assist in the team's 7–0 hammering of Championnat National club Cannes in the Coupe de France.
Yacine Brahimi : He made his professional debut on the opening match day of the season appearing as a substitute in a 2–1 defeat to Arles-Avignon.
Yacine Brahimi : One week later, he scored a double in a 4–0 league win over Arles-Avignon.
Yacine Brahimi : On 30 August 2012, Brahimi signed on loan for Granada CF of the Spanish La Liga for €700,000, with the option to sign for €4 million afterwards.
Yacine Brahimi : The victory established a "promotion playoff" match on the final match day of the season as fourth-placed Clermont faced third-placed Arles-Avignon with the victory earning promotion to Ligue 1.
Yacine Brahimi : Two seasons later with the under-18 team, Brahimi won the under-18 league championship for the 2006–07 season.
Yacine Brahimi : Three days later, he scored a goal and provided an assist in a 3–1 away victory over Istres.
Yacine Brahimi : The deals effectively made Porto acquired 20% economic rights of the player for €1.5 million.
Yacine Brahimi : Though on a professional contract, Brahimi was not assigned a number on the senior team and instead played on the club's Championnat de France amateur team in the fourth division appearing in 22 matches and scoring three goals helping the side finish 1st among professional clubs in their group, thus qualifying for the competition's playoffs, where they lost to Lyon in the semi-finals.
Yacine Brahimi : On 22 July 2014, FC Porto announced the signing of Brahimi from Granada for a €6.5 million transfer fee and on a five-year contract.
Yacine Brahimi : On 3 July 2009, the club announced that Brahimi would join Ligue 2 club Clermont Foot on loan for the entire 2009–10 season.
Yacine Brahimi : He scored his first goal for the club on 25 September converting a penalty in the club's 3–2 win over Angers.
Yacine Brahimi : On 7 August 2010, Brahimi made his club debut for Rennes in the club's opening league match against Lille.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi scored one goal as Porto defeated Maccabi Tel Aviv 2–0 in the group stage of the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League.
Yacine Brahimi : A month later, Brahimi converted his third penalty of the season in a 3–2 victory over Dijon.
Yacine Brahimi : He scored his first hat-trick for the club in Porto's first match of the Champions League group stage, a 6–0 home win over BATE Borisov on 17 September.
Yacine Brahimi : On 26 June 2015, Porto bought back 30% economic rights from Doyen for €3.8 million.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi's first goal for the club came in the second leg of their UEFA Champions League play-off against Lille, scoring directly from a free-kick as Porto advanced to the group stage with a 3–0 aggregate victory.
Yacine Brahimi : On 24 July 2014 Porto sold 80% of his economic rights to Doyen Sports for €5 million.
Yacine Brahimi : On 5 November, Brahimi scored one goal and assisted another as Porto defeated Athletic Bilbao 2–0 to secure qualification to the knockout stage of the Champions League.
Yacine Brahimi : Brahimi's first goal in open play occurred on 4 December in Clermont's 3–1 win away to Bastia.
Yacine Brahimi : Three days later, Brahimi scored his eight goal of the campaign in a 3–1 victory against Guingamp.
Yacine Brahimi : On 14 August 2010, Brahimi scored his first career goal for the club in a 3–0 victory over Nancy.
Guy Edwards : He scored no championship points.
Guy Edwards : Guy Richard Goronwy Edwards, QGM (born 30 December 1942) is a former racing driver from England.
David Childs : Childs graduated from Deerfield Academy in Deerfield, Massachusetts, in 1959 and from Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut in 1963.
David Childs : He is best known for being the architect of the new One World Trade Center in New York City.
Lou Taylor Pucci : He first acted at the age of ten in a hometown production of "Oliver!".
Lou Taylor Pucci : Lou Taylor Pucci (born July 27, 1985) is an American actor who first appeared on film in Rebecca Miller's "" in 2002.
Lou Taylor Pucci : He is a graduate of Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft, New Jersey.
Lou Taylor Pucci : At the age of two, he moved to Keansburg, New Jersey.
Lou Taylor Pucci : Two years later he acted as an understudy on Broadway playing Freidrich in "The Sound of Music".
Lou Taylor Pucci : He can be seen in Arie Posin's "The Chumscrubber", the HBO miniseries "Empire Falls", and starring as the lead in Mike Mills' film "Thumbsucker", for which he received the Special Jury Prize for Acting at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival and the Silver Bear Award for Best Actor at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival.
Matt Stone : Stone summed up his views with the comment, "I hate conservatives, but I really fucking hate liberals."
Matt Stone : He attended the University of Colorado Boulder.
Matt Stone : Matthew Richard Stone (born May 26, 1971) is an American actor, animator, writer, producer, and composer.
Matt Stone : Stone and his younger sister Rachel were raised in Littleton, Colorado, a suburb of Denver, Colorado, where both attended Heritage High School.
Matt Stone : The "South Park" characters Gerald and Sheila Broflovski were named after them.
Bobbie Traksel : In 2010 he won Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne after a long breakaway.
Chris Broderick : For the band, this was a huge problem.
Chris Broderick : Dave was immediately won over and soon managed to get in contact with Chris.
Chris Broderick : In the then-current line up of the band, he was the youngest member in Megadeth.
Chris Broderick : He also has a degree in classical guitar music performance at the University of Denver's Lamont School of Music.
Chris Broderick : After the release of the album, "This Godless Endeavor", he began once again to tour with Nevermore until joining Megadeth in 2008.
Chris Broderick : He played on four of the band's albums.
Chris Broderick : He made his live debut with the band on February 4, 2008 in Finland and toured with them on Gigantour 2008 and also recorded guitar parts for their 12th album Endgame thru their 14th album, Super Collider.
Chris Broderick : In the past he has also used Bare Knuckle Pickups, mainly the coldsweat models.
Chris Broderick : Tafolla's guitar work was complex and technical, and as far as they knew few guitarists could comprehend it.
Chris Broderick : This is when Chris was brought into the fold of Jag Panzer and stayed with them for almost a decade.
Chris Broderick : Chris uses Dunlop Tortex T3 picks in 1.35mm.
Chris Broderick : Before using Ibanez Guitars, he used Schecter Guitars with Seymour Duncan pickups.
Chris Broderick : During the time period of 2000 – 2003 and some of 2004 Chris was taking part in the live shows of heavy metal band Nevermore.
Chris Broderick : In 1997, guitarist Joey Tafolla left Jag Panzer for the second time, citing a lack of interest in playing heavy metal.
Chris Broderick : He is playing a custom shop archtop soloist produced to his personal demands, featuring 24 frets, 12" radius, custom DiMarzio pickups (tentatively called the Fundamental) and is available in a 6 or 7 string configuration.
Chris Broderick : Due to extensive touring with Megadeth he was no longer be able to collaborate with Jag Panzer and Nevermore.
Chris Broderick : In January 2011, Chris Broderick left Ibanez and is now endorsing Jackson Guitars.
Chris Broderick : This was proved to be true after statements released from both Glen and Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine.
Chris Broderick : Chris was endorsed by Ibanez guitars and DiMarzio Pickups (A Pair of D Activator 7's neck and bridge models) along with ENGL amplifiers and Ernie Ball Slinky strings.
Chris Broderick : Two weeks later, Broderick was officially declared the new guitarist for Megadeth.
Chris Broderick : In late 2007, rumors had been circulating that Megadeth guitarist Glen Drover had left the band.
Chris Broderick : On March 8, 2009, Dave commented that he thought Chris was the greatest guitarist Megadeth has ever had.
Chris Broderick : Shawn then showed Dave a video of Chris playing both classical and electric guitar.
Chris Broderick : Christopher Alan "Chris" Broderick (born March 6, 1970) is an American musician, best known as the former guitarist of the American heavy metal band Megadeth.
Chris Broderick : Dave Mustaine said that when he partnered up with Broderick, he said that it reminded him of when "Ozzy Osbourne met Randy Rhoads".
Rafik Schami : In 1970, left Syria for Lebanon to evade censorship and the military draft; the following year, he moved to Germany.
Rafik Schami : There, Schami continued his studies in chemistry while working odd jobs, obtaining a doctorate in 1979.
Rafik Schami : From 1964-70 he was the co-founder and editor of the wall news-sheet "Al-Muntalak" ("The Starting-Point") in the old quarter of Damascus.
Rafik Schami : After attending a monastery boarding school in Lebanon, he studied chemistry, mathematics, and physics in Damascus.
Rafik Schami : In 1980 he co-founded the literary groups Südwind (South Wind) and PoLiKunst (Polinationaler Literatur und Kunstverein; Polynational Literary and Art Society), which encouraged all forms of migrant cultural production.
Rafik Schami : Rafik Schami () (born Suheil Fadel () June 1946) is a Syrian-German author, storyteller and critic.
Anthony Réveillère : Anthony Guy Marie Réveillère (; born 10 November 1979) is a French retired footballer who played as a right back.
Anthony Réveillère : On 8 November 2013, free agent Réveillère joined Italian side S.S.C.
Abraham Minero : On 6 June 2011, Abraham was released by the Catalans and joined La Liga side Real Zaragoza on 2 July, for three years.
Božidar Maljković : He is one of the most successful basketball coaches in Europe, having won league titles with practically all the clubs he trained; including four EuroLeague titles with three clubs (Jugoplastika, Limoges, and Panathinaikos).
Božidar Maljković : In 2009, Maljković said:
Rabih Alameddine : He lives in San Francisco and Beirut.
Rabih Alameddine : Rabih Alameddine () (born 1959) is a Lebanese-American painter and writer.
Rabih Alameddine : He earned a degree in engineering from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) and a Master of Business in San Francisco.
Paulo César Carpegiani : His best performance as a coach was with the Paraguayan national team from 1996 to 1998 (including a good run in the World Cup, losing to France in extra time).
Kiko Loureiro : At 19, he helped co-found Brazilian power metal band Angra.
Kiko Loureiro : Loureiro began studying music and playing acoustic guitar at age 11.
Kiko Loureiro : The two met during Loureiro's tenure in Tarja Turunen's Storm World Tour in 2008.
Kiko Loureiro : Pedro Henrique "Kiko" Loureiro (born 16 June 1972) is a Brazilian heavy metal guitarist, best known as a member of the bands Angra and Megadeth.
Kiko Loureiro : He is also well known for both his instructional and demonstration videos as well as for writing columns for and appearing on the cover of magazines "Cover Guitarra", "Guitar & Bass", and "Young Guitar".
Kiko Loureiro : In addition to his rock/metal achievements, Loureiro has also played guitars on several eurobeat songs in collaboration with Dave Rodgers, including "Fevernova", "Ring of Fire" and "The Road is on Fire".
Yossi Beilin : He studied in Herzliya Gymnasium school.
Yossi Beilin : He participated in the back-channel negotiations that eventually led to the adoption of the 1993 Oslo Accords, a framework agreement to end the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
Yossi Beilin : Dr. Yosef "Yossi" Beilin (, born 12 June 1948) is an Israeli politician and scholar who has served in multiple ministerial and leadership positions in the Israeli government.
Bartosz Salamon : On 31 August 2015 Salamon was sold to Cagliari in a 5-year contract for €1 million.
Bartosz Salamon : Bartosz Salamon (, born 1 May 1991) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club SPAL.
Bartosz Salamon : In July 2010, it was announced he would play on loan at U.S. Foggia in Lega Pro Prima Divisione, the third tier of Italian football.
Bartosz Salamon : He returned to Brescia, in Serie B, for the 2011–12 season.
Bartosz Salamon : Salamon made his Serie B debut on 3 May 2008 just two days after his 17th birthday, coming off the bench in the 77th minute of the win against Modena.
Bartosz Salamon : On 9 August, he scored his first goal for Brescia in a 1–0 win over Ravenna in Coppa Italia.
Marc Martí : After the 2010 Rally Finland Sordo announced that he will have a new co-driver, Diego Vallejo, in the next rally.
Marc Martí : Marc Martí Moreno (born 1 October 1966) is a Spanish rally co-driver.
Peter Tscherkassky : From 1977–1979 Tscherkassky studied journalism and political science as well as philosophy at the University of Vienna.
Peter Tscherkassky : Throughout his career he conceived numerous film festivals including “The Light of Periphery – Austrian Avant-Garde Film 1957–1988” (1988), “Im Off der Geschichte” (1990), “Found Footage – Filme aus gefundenem Material” (1991), and “Unknown Territories – The American Independent Film” (1992).
Peter Tscherkassky : His first encounter with avant-garde film was in January 1978 when he attended a five-day lecture series by P. Adams Sitney at
Marcelo Bielsa : Give the goal!"
Marcelo Bielsa : from the touchline).
Marcelo Bielsa : Bielsa felt that:
Marcelo Bielsa : He edits and analyzes each video for each individual player.
Marcelo Bielsa : He also utilizes statistical software and other technological tools to prepare for games.
Marcelo Bielsa : Bielsa likes to systematise the game.
Marcelo Bielsa : The 3–3–3–1 allows quick transitions from defending to attacking, as many of the players used in the formation can perform both defensive and attacking tasks.
Marcelo Bielsa : John Carlin, an English journalist, has stated that Bielsa has "the most learned football library on the planet".
Marcelo Bielsa : He is the head coach of club Leeds United.
Marcelo Bielsa : Bielsa's signature formation in his squads – which he made famous and brought to the front of the world's mainstream football scene during his coaching tenures in with the Argentina and Chile national teams and Marseille – is the 3–3–3–1 formation.
Marcelo Bielsa : On 15 December 2017, Lille announced Bielsa's contract had now been terminated.
Marcelo Bielsa : On 15 June 2018, he was appointed manager of Leeds United.
Marcelo Bielsa : Bielsa returned to Argentina in 1997 to manage Vélez Sarsfield.
Marcelo Bielsa : Former Argentina national team captain Roberto Ayala, a defender under Bielsa, stated, "Sometimes we wouldn't see any of the strikers, because he'd have them training at a different time, and it was the same with the midfielders".
Marcelo Bielsa : For this formation, the players are: three defenders , three midfielders (one central midfielder with two wide players / wing backs), three attacking midfielders (one No.10 and two wingers) and one centre-forward.
Marcelo Bielsa : He developed his career as coach of Newell's Old Boys, leading that team to several wins in the early 1990s, then moved to Mexico in 1992, briefly coaching Club Atlas and Club América.
Marcelo Bielsa : On 2 May 2014, Marseille president Vincent Labrune announced the hiring of Bielsa as his team's coach on a French radio station.
Marcelo Bielsa : The "Albicelestes" were runners-up in the 2004 Copa América and won the 2004 Olympic Games' gold medal.
Marcelo Bielsa : Marcelo Alberto Bielsa Caldera (, nicknamed "Loco Bielsa" , meaning "Madman Bielsa"; born 21 July 1955) is an Argentine professional football manager and former player who played as a defender.
Marcelo Bielsa : This signature style of Bielsa's has had so much influence in the football scene that many present coaches – former players under Bielsa's command – are heavily influenced by the style, such as Gerardo Martino, Mauricio Pochettino, Diego Simeone, Matías Almeyda, Eduardo Berizzo, Mauricio Pellegrino, Santiago Solari and Marcelo Gallardo.
Valter Birsa : Valter Birsa (born 7 August 1986) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a winger for Cagliari.
Leonid Yudasin : In 2004, he won a strong tournament in Montreal, Canada.
Leonid Yudasin : He is also a coach and director of the Brooklyn Chess Academy.
Leonid Yudasin : He has won tournaments all over the US, and took second place at the US Open 1990 and Pennsylvania World Open 2001.
Leonid Yudasin : In 1994 and again in 1996, he played under the Israeli flag at the Moscow and Yerevan Olympiads, respectively.
Leonid Yudasin : 8 in the world), he qualified again in 1994 and this time progressed to the latter stages, losing out to Vladimir Kramnik in the quarterfinals by a score of 2½-4½.
Leonid Yudasin : Yudasin was awarded the title of International Master in 1982, and in 1984 he became the champion of Leningrad, his native city.
Leonid Yudasin : He added individual bronze and team gold medals the same year, at the Chess Olympiad in Novi Sad, when he represented the USSR and registered the best performance of any of his teammates.
Leonid Yudasin : Yudasin lived in Israel for many years and was twice the Israeli champion, in Tel-Aviv 1994 and Jerusalem 1996.
Leonid Yudasin : Leonid Yudasin (; ; born August 8, 1959) is a Soviet-born Israeli chess player and trainer.
Leonid Yudasin : His former students include Varuzhan Akobian, Irina Krush, Jennifer Shahade and the late Lembit Oll.
Leonid Yudasin : Yudasin's tournament record includes victories at Leningrad 1989, Calcutta 1990, Pamplona 1990/91 (also 1991/92, jointly with Miguel Illescas), Dos Hermanas 1992, Botvinnik Memorial 1995, Haifa Super Tournament 1996 and St. Petersburg White Knights 1998.
Leonid Yudasin : His best international tournament success occurred at León in 1993, where he won ahead of Alexey Vyzmanavin, Veselin Topalov, Anatoly Karpov and a young Peter Leko.
Leonid Yudasin : Since 2002, he has spent most of his time in New York, dominating the weekly Masters tournament (top money winner), along with the likes of Hikaru Nakamura, Jaan Ehlvest, and the late Aleksander Wojtkiewicz.
Adrien Niyonshuti : Although he survived, six of Niyonshuti's brothers were killed in the Rwandan genocide of 1994.
Adrien Niyonshuti : In 2006, he came to the attention of a former professional cyclist, Jonathan Boyer.
Adrien Niyonshuti : Adrien Niyonshuti (born 2 January 1987) is a professional bicycle racer, who last rode for South African UCI WorldTeam .
Adrien Niyonshuti : Boyer also assumed the role of coach for the Rwandan national cycling team, and recruited Niyonshuti to race.
Delio Toledo : Delio César Toledo Rodas (born 2 October 1976) is a Paraguayan retired football player who played as a left back.
Delio Toledo : Toledo signed with Kayserispor of Turkey in July 2006, winning the domestic cup in his second year.
Matt Adler : He is best known for his work in the 1980s for his supporting roles in the teenage films: "Teen Wolf", "White Water Summer", "North Shore", and "Dream a Little Dream".
Art Spiegelman : He immigrated with his parents to the US in 1951.
Art Spiegelman : In late winter 1968 Spiegelman suffered a brief but intense nervous breakdown, which cut his university studies short.
Art Spiegelman : Beginning in the 1990s, the couple worked for "The New Yorker", which Spiegelman left to work on "In the Shadow of No Towers" (2004), about his reaction to the September 11 attacks in New York in 2001.
Art Spiegelman : Initially the family settled in Norristown, Pennsylvania, and then relocated to Rego Park in Queens, New York City, in 1957.
Art Spiegelman : His mother was born Andzia Zylberberg, with the Hebrew name Hannah.
Art Spiegelman : Spiegelman was born Itzhak Avraham ben Zeev in Stockholm, Sweden, on February 15, 1948.
Art Spiegelman : "Maus" attracted an unprecedented amount of critical attention for a work of comics, including an exhibition at New York's Museum of Modern Art and a special Pulitzer Prize in 1992.
Art Spiegelman : Spiegelman talked of having a sort of sibling rivalry with his "ghost brother"—he felt unable to compete with an "ideal" brother who "never threw tantrums or got in any kind of trouble".
Guilhem Guirado : In 2015, after Guy Novès' nomination as Head Coach, he became captain of the national team.
Guilhem Guirado : Guilhem Guirado (born 17 June 1986) is a French rugby union player, who plays for French Top 14 side, Montpellier.. Guirado was the captain of France from 2016 to 2019.
Bořek Dočkal : Dočkal went on a one-year loan to Turkish Super League side Konyaspor in July 2010.
Bořek Dočkal : In August 2011 Dočkal signed a long-term contract with Norwegian side Rosenborg.
Bořek Dočkal : During the UEFA Europa League 2012–13, he scored 7 goals in 12 matches (6 goals in 7 games over the course of the preliminary stages), including a dramatic last-minute goal against Kazakh club FC Ordabasy on 26 July 2012, to propel 9-man Rosenborg to a 4–3 aggregate win.
Bořek Dočkal : He scored his first goal for Slavia in his third match against FK Teplice.
Bořek Dočkal : Bořek Dočkal (born 30 September 1988) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sparta Prague.
Bořek Dočkal : After two years with Rosenborg, during which he scored 14 goals in 55 league-matches, Dočkal returned to the Czech Republic in August 2013 signing a three-year contract with Sparta Prague.
Bořek Dočkal : He contributed with one assist in his first game, where Rosenborg won 3–1 over rivals Molde.
Clint Eastwood : But then again, if you think that nothing happens after you die, maybe it makes you live life better.
Clint Eastwood : Perhaps he goes a shade too far in the latter direction, though."
Clint Eastwood : He etches his characters virtually without words.
Clint Eastwood : These roles, among others, have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity.
Clint Eastwood : resulted in a premature explosion that could have killed Wallach.
Clint Eastwood : They always said, 'I just want to expose you to some religious order and see if that's something you like'.
Clint Eastwood : Despite the danger, Eastwood insisted on doing all his own climbing and stunts.
Clint Eastwood : We moved every four or five months during the first 14 years of my life, so I was sent to a different church depending on wherever we lived.
Clint Eastwood : I decided it was time to be an anti-hero."
Clint Eastwood : When Dave ends their relationship, the unhinged Evelyn becomes a murderous stalker.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood signed a contract for $15,000 in wages for eleven weeks' work, with a bonus of a Mercedes automobile upon completion.
Clint Eastwood : She plays an artist who, along with her sister, was gang-raped a decade before the story takes place and seeks revenge for her sister's now-vegetative state by systematically murdering the rapists.
Clint Eastwood : Most of them were Protestant, but I went to other churches because my parents wanted me to try to figure out things for myself.
Clint Eastwood : Shooting began in November 1967, before the script had been finalized.
Clint Eastwood : This award honors his entire career and his major contribution to the 7th Art.
Clint Eastwood : The film met with a mixed critical response.
Clint Eastwood : During the 1930s, his family moved often as his father worked at jobs along the West Coast.
Clint Eastwood : In the process he must climb the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland under perilous conditions.
Clint Eastwood : He usually avoids actors' rehearsing and prefers to complete most scenes on the first take.
Clint Eastwood : Angelina Jolie stars as a woman reunited with her missing son only to realize he is an impostor.
Clint Eastwood : "The New Yorker"s David Denby wrote that, unlike Eastwood,
Clint Eastwood : The storyline involved the search for a cache of Confederate gold buried in a cemetery.
Clint Eastwood : During filming, Eastwood suffered symptoms of a bronchial infection and several panic attacks.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's career reached a turning point in 1971.
Clint Eastwood : Lubin suggested that he attend drama classes and arranged for Eastwood's initial contract in April 1954, at $100 per week.
Clint Eastwood : According to "Life" magazine, "Eastwood's style is to shoot first and act afterward.
Clint Eastwood : The film earned Eastwood a fee of $400,000 and 25 percent of its net box-office takings.
Clint Eastwood : The film was among the top 10 box office performers in that year, earning $102 million in the United States alone.
Clint Eastwood : By this time Eastwood received 60 percent of all profits from films he starred in and directed, with the rest going to the studio.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood played one of a group of veteran ex-test pilots sent into space to repair an old Soviet satellite.
Clint Eastwood : Horrigan is a guilt-ridden Secret Service agent haunted by his failure to save John F. Kennedy's life.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood is an FAA licensed fixed wing and rotary craft private pilot and often flies his helicopter to the studios to avoid traffic.
Clint Eastwood : He is one of few top Hollywood actors to have also become a critically and commercially successful director.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood thought the film would be an opportunity to escape from his "Rawhide" image.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood began working on smaller, more personal projects and experienced a lull in his career between 1988 and 1992.
Clint Eastwood : The film grossed around $50 million domestically, but was overshadowed by Eddie Murphy's "Beverly Hills Cop".
Clint Eastwood : The film grossed more than $90 million in its United States release, more than Eastwood's two previous films combined.
Clint Eastwood : He has acted in several television series, including his starring role in "Rawhide".
Clint Eastwood : He delivered a prime time address at the 2012 Republican National Convention, where he drew attention for a speech he delivered to an empty chair representing President Barack Obama, which he later regretted.
Clint Eastwood : The film had its world premiere on September 12, 2010 at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and had a limited release later in October.
Clint Eastwood : Although a moderate hit with the viewing public, critics had mixed feelings about the film, with many believing it was overly violent.
Clint Eastwood : Stardom brought more roles for Eastwood.
Clint Eastwood : The film would later appear in "Time" "Top 10 Films of the Year".
Clint Eastwood : Despite prior warnings about the perils of the Eiger the film crew suffered a number of accidents, including one fatality.
Clint Eastwood : The "Rawhide" years (1959–65) were some of the most grueling of Eastwood's career, often filming six days a week for an average of twelve hours a day, yet he still received criticism by some directors for not working hard enough.
Clint Eastwood : Kay Lenz got the part of Breezy because Locke, at age 29, was considered too old.
Clint Eastwood : Settling in Piedmont, California, the Eastwoods lived in an affluent area of the town, had a swimming pool, belonged to a country club, and each parent drove their own car.
Clint Eastwood : The film received mostly a positive reception and its anti-war sentiments were recognized.
Clint Eastwood : He won election as the nonpartisan mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea, California in April 1986.
Clint Eastwood : At the time, the film was a commercial rather than a critical success, and has only come to be viewed more favorably in recent times.
Clint Eastwood : On July 22, 2009, Eastwood was honored by Emperor Akihito of Japan with the Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd class, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon for his contributions to the enhancement of Japan–United States relations.
Clint Eastwood : In late 1959 he produced the album "Cowboy Favorites", released on the Cameo label, which included some classics such as Bob Wills's "San Antonio Rose" and Cole Porter's "Don't Fence Me In".
Clint Eastwood : It was quoted by President Ronald Reagan in a speech to Congress, and used during the 1984 presidential elections.
Clint Eastwood : By late 1963, "Rawhide" was beginning to decline in the ratings and lacked freshness in the script; it was canceled in the middle of the 1965–66 television season.
Clint Eastwood : Richard Burton played the squad's commander, with Eastwood as his right-hand man.
Clint Eastwood : The list is stolen by an obsessed fan who, in mimicking his favorite director, makes his way through the list killing off celebrities, of which Dirty Harry is also included.
Clint Eastwood : He has a younger sister named Jeanne Bernhardt (born 1934), and is of English, Irish, Scottish, and Dutch ancestry.
Clint Eastwood : Glassberg arranged for an audition under Arthur Lubin, who, although very impressed with Eastwood's appearance and stature, then 6'4" (193 cm), disapproved initially of his acting skills, remarking, "He was quite amateurish.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood received two Golden Globes for the film, the Cecil B. DeMille Award for his lifelong contribution, and the Best Director award.
Clint Eastwood : Robert Lorenz, who worked with Eastwood as an assistant director on several films, directed the film.
Clint Eastwood : It received very positive reviews, with many critics praising the feminist aspects of the film through its explorations of the physical and psychological consequences of rape.
Clint Eastwood : In 2006, Eastwood directed two films about World War II's Battle of Iwo Jima.
Clint Eastwood : Leone's cinematography was widely acclaimed, even by critics who disparaged the acting in the film.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood once again played a mysterious strangerunshaven, wearing a serape-like vest, and smoking a cigar.
Clint Eastwood : As a result, Eastwood is renowned for his efficient film directing and ability to reduce filming time and control budgets.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's nineteen-minute installment took only a few days to shoot, but his performance did not please the critics, one writing that "no other performance of his is quite so 'un-Clintlike'."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood was instrumental in creating the Man with No Name character's distinctive visual style and, although a non-smoker, Leone insisted Eastwood smoke cigars as an essential ingredient of the "mask" he was attempting to create for the loner character.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has indicated that he lays out a film's plot to provide the audience with necessary details, but not "so much that it insults their intelligence."
Clint Eastwood : He also attempts to reduce script background details on characters to allow the audience to become more involved in the film, considering their imagination a requirement for a film that connects with viewers.
Clint Eastwood : Bad weather and delays plagued the production, and the film's budget eventually exceeded $20 million, which was extremely expensive for the time.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood said that he tried to enroll at Seattle University in 1951, but instead was drafted into the United States Army during the Korean War.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood blamed Universal Studios for the film's poor promotion and turned his back on them to make an agreement with Warner Brothers, through Frank Wells, that has lasted to the present day.
Clint Eastwood : However, "Bird" was a commercial failure, earning just $11 million, which Eastwood attributed to the declining interest in jazz among black people.
Clint Eastwood : Although it received moderate reviews, the film is listed in "The New York Times Guide to the Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made".
Clint Eastwood : Critics found the film's plot and characterization unconvincing, but praised its action sequences.
Clint Eastwood : While returning from a prearranged tryst in Seattle, Washington, he was a passenger on a Douglas AD bomber that ran out of fuel and crashed into the ocean near Point Reyes.
Clint Eastwood : The original music score was composed by Eastwood and Lennie Niehaus.
Clint Eastwood : Two months later Eastwood began work on the third "Dollars" film, "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", again playing the mysterious Man with No Name.
Clint Eastwood : "People" magazine likened Eastwood's performance to "Luke Skywalker trapped in Dirty Harry's Soul".
Clint Eastwood : In the show's first season Eastwood earned $750 an episode.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood did, however, win the Future Film Festival Digital Award at the Venice Film Festival for the film.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood reportedly fumed at the lack of Academy Award recognition for him and swore that he would never work for United Artists again.
Clint Eastwood : Released over the Christmas season of 1980, "Any Which Way You Can" was a major box office success and ranked among the top five highest-grossing films of the year.
Clint Eastwood : This was his first collaboration with Steven Spielberg, who later co-produced "Flags of Our Fathers" and "Letters from Iwo Jima".
Clint Eastwood : Only "Time" gave the film a good review in the United States, with most reviewers criticizing its blend of muted humor and tragedy.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood is one of only two people to have been twice nominated for Best Actor and Best Director for the same film ("Unforgiven" and "Million Dollar Baby") the other being Warren Beatty ("Heaven Can Wait" and "Reds").
Clint Eastwood : Obama described Eastwood's films as "essays in individuality, hard truths and the essence of what it means to be American."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood made his first attempt at directing when he filmed several trailers for the show, although he was unable to convince producers to let him direct an episode.
Clint Eastwood : "Letters from Iwo Jima" was the first American film to depict a war issue completely from the view of an American enemy.
Clint Eastwood : On its release, in spring 1974, the film was praised for its offbeat comedy mixed with high suspense and tragedy but was only a modest success at the box office, earning $32.4 million.
Clint Eastwood : Richard Harrison suggested Eastwood to Leone because Harrison knew Eastwood could play a cowboy convincingly.
Clint Eastwood : Since 1967, Eastwood's Malpaso Productions has produced all but four of his American films.
Clint Eastwood : "Space Cowboys" was critically well-received and holds a 79 percent rating at Rotten Tomatoes, although Roger Ebert wrote that the film was, "too secure within its traditional story structure to make much seem at risk."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood is fond of low-key lighting and back-lighting to give his movies a "noir-ish" feel.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's acting was noted by critics, but was overshadowed by Bridges who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Clint Eastwood : The film's success made Eastwood a major star in Italy and he was re-hired to star in "For a Few Dollars More" (1965), the second of the trilogy.
Clint Eastwood : Filming commenced in Monterey in September 1970 and included footage of that year's Monterey Jazz Festival.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood starred in "The Dead Pool" (1988), the fifth and final film in the "Dirty Harry" series.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's frequent exploration of ethical values has drawn the attention of scholars, who have explored Eastwood's work from ethical and theological perspectives, including his portrayal of justice, mercy, suicide and the angel of death.
Clint Eastwood : Leonard arranged for "Hang 'Em High" to be a joint production with United Artists; when it opened in August 1968, it had the largest opening weekend in United Artists' history.
Clint Eastwood : In October 2009, he was honored by the Lumière Award (in honor of the Lumière Brothers, inventors of the Cinematograph) during the first edition of the Lumière Film Festival in Lyon, France.
Clint Eastwood : John Wayne, who had declined a role in the film, sent a letter to Eastwood soon after the film's release in which he complained that, "The townspeople did not represent the true spirit of the American pioneer, the spirit that made America great."
Clint Eastwood : Through the efforts of screenwriter Luciano Vincenzoni, the rights to "For a Few Dollars More" and the final film of the trilogy ("The Good, the Bad and the Ugly") were sold to United Artists for about $900,000.
Clint Eastwood : The film was pre-screened at the Sun Valley Center for the Arts and Humanities in Idaho during a six-day conference entitled "Western Movies: Myths and Images".
Clint Eastwood : "Kelly's Heroes" was the last film Eastwood appeared in that was not produced by his own Malpaso Productions.
Clint Eastwood : The title is a reference to the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, as the rider of the pale horse is Death, and shows similarities to Eastwood's 1973 western "High Plains Drifter" in its themes of morality and justice as well as its exploration of the supernatural.
Clint Eastwood : Director Philip Kaufman was fired by producer Bob Daley under Eastwood's command, resulting in a fine reported to be around $60,000 from the Directors Guild of Americawho subsequently passed new legislation reserving the right to impose a major fine on a producer for discharging and replacing a director.
Clint Eastwood : At the age of 74, he was the oldest recipient of the Academy Award for Best Director to date.
Clint Eastwood : This was followed by "Letters from Iwo Jima", which dealt with the tactics of the Japanese soldiers on the island and the letters they wrote home to family members.
Clint Eastwood : The first, "Flags of Our Fathers", focused on the men who raised the American flag on top of Mount Suribachi and featured the film debut of Eastwood's son Scott.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood had a small part as an aviator in "Lafayette Escadrille" and played a major role as an ex-renegade of the Confederacy in "Ambush at Cimarron Pass", a film which Eastwood viewed disastrously and professes to be the lowest point of his career.
Clint Eastwood : He is an investor in the world-renowned Pebble Beach Golf Links west of Carmel and donates his time to charitable causes at major tournaments.
Clint Eastwood : "Tightrope" was a critical and commercial hit and became the fourth highest-grossing R-rated film of 1984.
Clint Eastwood : On August 22, 1984, Eastwood was honored at a ceremony at Grauman's Chinese theater to record his hand and footprints in cement.
Clint Eastwood : Shot on location in Zimbabwe in the summer of 1989, the film received some critical attention but with only a limited release earned just $8.4 million.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood next turned his attention towards "Breezy" (1973), a film about love blossoming between a middle-aged man and a teenage girl.
Clint Eastwood : There remains confusion during the film as to whether the stranger is the brother of the deputy, whom the felons lynched and murdered, or his ghost.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood held a number of jobs, including as a lifeguard, paper carrier, grocery clerk, forest firefighter, and golf caddy.
Clint Eastwood : At the May1994 Cannes Film Festival Eastwood received France's Ordre des Arts et des Lettres medal, and on March 27, 1995, he was awarded the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award at the 67th Academy Awards.
Clint Eastwood : "A Fistful of Dollars" proved a landmark in the development of spaghetti Westerns, with Leone depicting a more lawless and desolate world than traditional westerns, and challenging American stereotypes of a western hero with a morally ambiguous antihero.
Clint Eastwood : The film follows an American mercenary, who gets mixed up with a prostitute disguised as a nun, and ends up helping a group of Juarista rebels during the reign of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico.
Clint Eastwood : In 1958, he played a Navy lieutenant in a segment of "Navy Log" and in early 1959 made a notable guest appearance as Red Hardigan on "Maverick" opposite James Garner as a cowardly villain intent on marrying a rich girl for money.
Clint Eastwood : When acting in others' films he sometimes takes over directing, such as for "The Outlaw Josey Wales", if he believes production is too slow.
Clint Eastwood : Mike Hoover taught Eastwood how to climb during several weeks of preparation at Yosemite in the summer of 1974 before filming commenced in Grindelwald, Switzerland on August 12, 1974.
Clint Eastwood : He dabbled in music early on by developing as a boogie-woogie pianist and had originally intended to pursue a career in music by studying for a music theory degree after graduating from high school.
Clint Eastwood : The film was a box office failure, earning less than half its $55 million budget and was Eastwood's worst-performing film of the 1990s aside from "White Hunter Black Heart", which had a limited release.
Clint Eastwood : His widest reception has been in film work, for which he has received Academy Awards, Directors Guild of America Awards, Golden Globe Awards, and People's Choice Awards, among others.
Clint Eastwood : Roger Ebert wrote, "Streep and Eastwood weave a spell, and it is based on that particular knowledge of love and self that comes with middle age."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has been recognized with multiple awards and nominations for his work in film, television, and music.
Clint Eastwood : He started directing in 1971, and made his debut as a producer in 1982, with "Firefox", though he had been functioning as uncredited producer on all of his Malpaso Company films since "Hang 'Em High" in 1968.
Clint Eastwood : In June 2008 "Unforgiven" was ranked as the fourth-best American western, behind "Shane", "High Noon", and "The Searchers", in the American Film Institute's "AFI's 10 Top 10" list.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has been awarded two of France's highest honors: in 1994, he became a recipient of the Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, and in 2007, he was awarded the Legion of Honour medal.
Clint Eastwood : In 1982, Eastwood directed and starred in "Honkytonk Man", based on the eponymous Clancy Carlile's depression-era novel.
Clint Eastwood : On February 27, 2005, he became one of only three living directors (along with Miloš Forman and Francis Ford Coppola) to have directed two Best Picture winners.
Clint Eastwood : "Tightrope" (1984) had Eastwood starring opposite Geneviève Bujold in a provocative thriller, inspired by newspaper articles about an elusive Bay Area rapist.
Clint Eastwood : "Pale Rider" became one of Eastwood's most successful films to date.
Clint Eastwood : The film, shot very quickly and efficiently by Eastwood and Frank Stanley, came in $1 million under budget and was finished three days ahead of schedule.
Clint Eastwood : Roger Ebert compared the nature and vulnerability of Eastwood's portrayal of Josey Wales with his Man with No Name character in the "Dollars" westerns and praised the film's atmosphere.
Clint Eastwood : The film is about a bounty hunter and a group of white supremacists chasing an innocent woman (Bernadette Peters) who tries to outrun everyone in her husband's prized pink Cadillac.
Clint Eastwood : The revisionist film received a mixed reception, but was a major box office success.
Clint Eastwood : Production and filming were marred by internal disagreements between Eastwood and long-time friend and producer Fritz Manes, as well as between Eastwood and the United States Department of Defense who expressed contempt for the film.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood later spoke of the transition from a television western to "A Fistful of Dollars": "In "Rawhide" I did get awfully tired of playing the conventional white hat.
Clint Eastwood : It was hailed as one of the best films of 1985 and the best western to appear for a considerable period, with Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune" remarking, "This year (1985) will go down in film history as the moment Clint Eastwood finally earned respect as an artist".
Clint Eastwood : "Hang 'Em High" was widely praised by critics, including Archer Winsten of the "New York Post", who described it as, "a western of quality, courage, danger and excitement."
Clint Eastwood : The film, culminating in a shootout on Alcatraz island, was considerably shorter than the previous "Dirty Harry" films at 95minutes, but was a major commercial success grossing $100 million worldwide to become Eastwood's highest-grossing film to date.
Clint Eastwood : "Coogan's Bluff" also became the first collaboration with Argentine composer Lalo Schifrin, who would later compose the jazzy score to several Eastwood films in the 1970s and 1980s, including the "Dirty Harry" films.
Clint Eastwood : A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" lauded the film as a "masterpiece" and the best film of the year.
Clint Eastwood : The plot follows a mysterious stranger (Eastwood) who arrives in a brooding Western town where the people hire him to protect them against three soon-to-be-released felons.
Clint Eastwood : Nevertheless, the film received critical acclaim in France, where it was compared to John Ford's "The Grapes of Wrath", and it has since acquired the very high rating of 93percent on Rotten Tomatoes.
Clint Eastwood : Upon release in the summer of 1976 "The Outlaw Josey Wales" was widely acclaimed, with many critics and viewers seeing Eastwood's role as an iconic one that related to America's ancestral past and the destiny of the nation after the American Civil War.
Clint Eastwood : In 1986, Eastwood co-starred with Marsha Mason in the military drama "Heartbreak Ridge", about the 1983 United States invasion of Grenada.
Clint Eastwood : Along with Beatty, Robert Redford, Richard Attenborough, Kevin Costner, and Mel Gibson, he is one of the few directors best known as an actor to win an Academy Award for directing.
Clint Eastwood : "Hereafter" received mixed reviews from critics, with the consensus at Rotten Tomatoes being, "Despite a thought-provoking premise and Clint Eastwood's typical flair as director, "Hereafter" fails to generate much compelling drama, straddling the line between poignant sentimentality and hokey tedium."
Clint Eastwood : Biographer Marc Eliot called Eastwood's role "an amalgam of the Man with No Name, Dirty Harry, and William Munny, here aged and cynical but willing and able to fight on whenever the need arose".
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood next directed "Changeling" (2008), based on a true story set in the late 1920s.
Clint Eastwood : Before Irving Leonard died, he and Eastwood had discussed the idea of Malpaso producing "Play Misty for Me", a film that was to give Eastwood the artistic control he desired, and his debut as a director.
Clint Eastwood : A number of critics thought Eastwood's directing was "as derivative as it was expressive," with Arthur Knight of the "Saturday Review" remarking that Eastwood had "...absorbed the approaches of Siegel and Leone and fused them with his own paranoid vision of society."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood was then offered the role of Benjamin L. Willard in Francis Coppola's "Apocalypse Now", but declined as he did not want to spend weeks on location in the Philippines.
Clint Eastwood : Following Sean Connery's announcement that he would not play James Bond again, Eastwood was offered the role but turned it down because he believed the character should be played by an English actor.
Clint Eastwood : Clinton Eastwood Jr. (born May 31, 1930) is an American actor, filmmaker, musician, and politician.
Clint Eastwood : During casting for the film Eastwood met Sondra Locke for the first time, an actress who would play major roles in six of his films over the next ten years and would become an important figure in his life.
Clint Eastwood : "Changeling" was nominated for Best Score at the 14th Critics' Choice Awards, Best Original Score at the 66th Golden Globe Awards, and Best Music at the 35th Saturn Awards.
Clint Eastwood : Later in 1990, Eastwood directed and co-starred with Charlie Sheen in "The Rookie", a buddy cop action film.
Clint Eastwood : Renata Adler of "The New York Times" said "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" was "...the most expensive, pious and repellent movie in the history of its peculiar genre."
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood also has contributed music to his films, either through performing, writing, or composing.
Clint Eastwood : He wrote and performed the song heard over the credits of "Gran Torino" and also co-wrote "Why Should I Care" with Linda Thompson and Carole Bayer Sager, a song recorded in 1999 by Diana Krall.
Clint Eastwood : According to the box office–revenue tracking website Box Office Mojo, films featuring Eastwood have grossed a total of more than $1.81 billion domestically, with an average of $38.6 million per film.
Clint Eastwood : "Unforgiven" was a major commercial and critical success; Jack Methews of the "Los Angeles Times" described it as "the finest classical western to come along since perhaps John Ford's 1956 "The Searchers".
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood sold the pub in 1999 and now owns the Mission Ranch Hotel and Restaurant in Carmel-by-the-Sea.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood plays Jonathan Hemlock in a role originally intended for Paul Newman, an assassin turned college art professor who decides to return to his former profession for one last "sanction" in return for a rare Pissarro painting.
Clint Eastwood : In the winter of 1969–70, Eastwood and Siegel began planning his next film, "The Beguiled", a tale of a wounded Union soldier, held captive by the sexually repressed matron (played by Geraldine Page) of a Southern girls' school.
Clint Eastwood : "The New York Times" critic Nora Sayre panned the often contradictory moral themes of the film, while the paper's Frank Rich called it "the same old stuff".
Clint Eastwood : For his work in the Western film "Unforgiven" (1992) and the sports drama "Million Dollar Baby" (2004), Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture, as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor.
Clint Eastwood : Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" wrote that the film marked the highest point of Eastwood's directing career, and the film has since been cited as one of his most underrated directorial achievements.
Clint Eastwood : Set in New Orleans to avoid confusion with the "Dirty Harry" films, Eastwood played a divorced cop drawn into his target's tortured psychology and fascination for sadomasochism.
Clint Eastwood : Using money earned from the "Dollars" trilogy, accountant and Eastwood advisor Irving Leonard helped establish Eastwood's own production company, Malpaso Productions, named after Malpaso Creek on Eastwood's property in Monterey County, California.
Clint Eastwood : Lee Van Cleef returned as a ruthless fortune seeker, with Eli Wallach portraying the cunning Mexican bandit Tuco Ramirez.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has contributed to over 50films over his career as actor, director, producer, and composer.
Clint Eastwood : "Dirty Harry" (1971), written by Harry and Rita Fink, centers on a hard-edged New York City (later changed to San Francisco) police inspector named Harry Callahan who is determined to stop a psychotic killer by any means.
Clint Eastwood : He next starred in the loner Western "Joe Kidd" (1972), based on a character inspired by Reies Lopez Tijerina, who stormed a courthouse in Tierra Amarilla, New Mexico in June 1967.
Clint Eastwood : He also refused the part of a platoon leader in Ted Post's Vietnam War film, "Go Tell the Spartans" and instead decided to make a third "Dirty Harry" film, "The Enforcer".
Clint Eastwood : Scripts existed for the film as early as 1976 under titles such as "The Cut-Whore Killings" and "The William Munny Killings" but Eastwood delayed the project because he wanted to wait until he was old enough to play his character and to savor it as the last of his western films.
Clint Eastwood : Interviewers Richard Thompson and Tim Hunter note that Eastwood's films are "superbly paced: unhurried; cool; and [give] a strong sense of real time, regardless of the speed of the narrative" while Ric Gentry considers Eastwood's pacing "unrushed and relaxed."
Clint Eastwood : Although a number of critics praised Eastwood's performance as Dirty Harry, such as Jay Cocks of "Time" magazine who described him as "...giving his best performance so far, tense, tough, full of implicit identification with his character," the film was also widely criticized as being fascistic.
Clint Eastwood : Later in 1997, Eastwood directed "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", based on the novel by John Berendt and starring John Cusack, Kevin Spacey, and Jude Law.
Clint Eastwood : At age 74 Eastwood became the oldest of eighteen directors to have directed two or more Best Picture winners.
Clint Eastwood : In 1997, Eastwood directed and starred in the political thriller "Absolute Power", alongside Gene Hackman (with whom he had appeared in "Unforgiven").
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood next starred in the crime comedy "City Heat" (1984) alongside Burt Reynolds, a film about a private eye and his partner who get mixed up with gangsters in the prohibition era of the 1930s.
Clint Eastwood : Beginning with the thriller "Play Misty for Me", Eastwood has directed over 30 films, including Westerns, action films, and dramas.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood made his only foray into TV direction with the 1985 "Amazing Stories" episode "Vanessa in the Garden", which starred Harvey Keitel and Locke.
Clint Eastwood : In January 1966, Eastwood met producer Dino De Laurentiis in New York City and agreed to star in a non-Western five-part anthology production named "Le Streghe" ("The Witches") opposite De Laurentiis' wife, actress Silvana Mangano.
Clint Eastwood : Later the same year, Eastwood starred as one of a group of Americans who steal a fortune in gold from the Nazis, in the World War II film "Kelly's Heroes", with Donald Sutherland and Telly Savalas.
Clint Eastwood : The boxing drama won four Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress (Hilary Swank) and Best Supporting Actor (Morgan Freeman).
Clint Eastwood : According to the CBS press release for "Rawhide", the Universal (known then as Universal-International) film company was shooting in Fort Ord when an enterprising assistant spotted Eastwood and invited him to meet the director.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood ended a four-year "self-imposed acting hiatus" by appearing in "Gran Torino", which he also directed, produced and partly scored with his son Kyle and Jamie Cullum.
Clint Eastwood : Before the release of "Hang 'Em High", Eastwood had already begun working on "Coogan's Bluff", about an Arizona deputy sheriff tracking a wanted psychopathic criminal (Don Stroud) through the streets of New York City.
Clint Eastwood : In 2000, Eastwood directed and starred in "Space Cowboys" alongside Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland and James Garner.
Clint Eastwood : In 1970, Eastwood starred with Shirley MacLaine in the western "Two Mules for Sister Sara", directed by Don Siegel.
Clint Eastwood : Set in the 1960s, Eastwood plays a Texas Ranger in pursuit of an escaped convict (Costner) who hits the road with a young boy (T.J. Lowther).
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood was born on May 31, 1930 in San Francisco, California, the son of Clinton Eastwood (1906–1970) and Ruth (Runner) Wood (1909–2006).
Clint Eastwood : In late 1963, Eastwood's co-star on "Rawhide", Eric Fleming, rejected an offer to star in an Italian-made western called "A Fistful of Dollars", which was directed in a remote region of Spain by the then relatively unknown Sergio Leone.
Clint Eastwood : "Joe Kidd" received a mixed reception, with Roger Greenspun of "The New York Times" writing that it was unremarkable, with foolish symbolism and sloppy editing, although he praised Eastwood's performance.
Clint Eastwood : Carrey would appear with Eastwood again in the poorly-received comedy "Pink Cadillac" (1989).
Clint Eastwood : After achieving success in the Western TV series "Rawhide", he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Italian filmmaker Sergio Leone's "Dollars" Trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five "Dirty Harry" films throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood played Frank Horrigan in the Secret Service thriller "In the Line of Fire" (1993), directed by Wolfgang Petersen and co-starring John Malkovich and Rene Russo.
Clint Eastwood : Johnson reportedly tolerated the open marriage with Eastwood, and they had two children, Kyle (born in 1968) and Alison (born in 1972).
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's rapid filmmaking practices have been compared to those of Woody Allen, Ingmar Bergman, Jean-Luc Godard, and the Coen brothers.
Clint Eastwood : In the same year, Eastwood served as executive producer for a Turner Classic Movies (TCM) documentary about jazz pianist Dave Brubeck, "", to commemorate Brubeck's 90th birthday.
Clint Eastwood : Alto saxophonist Jackie McLean and Spike Lee, son of jazz bassist Bill Lee and a long time critic of Eastwood, criticized the characterization of Charlie Parker remarking that it did not capture his true essence and sense of humor.
Clint Eastwood : He would revisit the Western genre when he directed and starred in "Pale Rider" (1985), a film based on the classic 1953 western "Shane" and follows a preacher descending from the mists of the Sierras to side with the miners during the California Gold Rush of 1850.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has directed five actors in Academy Award-winning performances: Gene Hackman in "Unforgiven", Tim Robbins and Sean Penn in "Mystic River", and Morgan Freeman and Hilary Swank in "Million Dollar Baby".
Clint Eastwood : The film was a major success; Stanley Kauffmann of "The New Republic" praised it as "crystalline cinema" and Frank Rich of "Time" described it as "cool, cinematic grace".
Clint Eastwood : His lines (quoted above) are regarded by firearms historians, such as Garry James and Richard Venola, as the force that catapulted the ownership of .44 Magnum revolvers to new heights in the United States; specifically the Smith & Wesson Model 29 carried by Harry Callahan.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood's next film "The Eiger Sanction" (1975) was based on Trevanian's critically acclaimed spy novel of the same name.
Clint Eastwood : On September 22, 2007, Eastwood was awarded an honorary Doctor of Music degree from the Berklee College of Music at the Monterey Jazz Festival, on which he serves as an active board member.
Clint Eastwood : On December 6, 2006, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and First Lady Maria Shriver inducted Eastwood into the California Hall of Fame located at The California Museum for History, Women, and the Arts.
Clint Eastwood : In 2011, Eastwood directed "J. Edgar", a biopic of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover, with Leonardo DiCaprio in the title role.
Clint Eastwood : Always interested in jazz, he directed "Bird" (1988), a biopic starring Forest Whitaker as jazz musician Charlie "Bird" Parker.
Clint Eastwood : Invited to the screening were a number of esteemed film critics, including Jay Cocks and Arthur Knight; directors such as King Vidor, William Wyler, and Howard Hawks; and a number of academics.
Clint Eastwood : Based on the novel by Robert James Waller, the film relates the story of Robert Kincaid (Eastwood), a photographer working for "National Geographic" who, while photographing historic covered bridges in Iowa, meets and has an affair with an Italian-born farm wife, Francesca (Streep).
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood has also been awarded at least three honorary degrees from universities and colleges, including an honorary degree from the University of the Pacific in 2006, an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Southern California on May 27, 2007, and an honorary Doctor of Music degree from the Berklee College of Music at the Monterey Jazz Festival on September 22, 2007.
Clint Eastwood : In 1974, Eastwood teamed up with Jeff Bridges and George Kennedy in the buddy action caper "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot", a road movie about a veteran bank robber Thunderbolt (Eastwood) and a young con man drifter, Lightfoot (Bridges).
Clint Eastwood : In 2003 Eastwood was named Best Director of the Year by the National Society of Film Critics.
Clint Eastwood : In addition to directing many of his own star vehicles, Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear, such as the mystery drama "Mystic River" (2003) and the war film "Letters from Iwo Jima" (2006), for which he received Academy Award nominations, the drama "Changeling" (2008), and the South African biographical political sports drama "Invictus" (2009).
Clint Eastwood : David Edelstein of "New York Magazine", while also praising DiCaprio, wrote, "It's too bad "J. Edgar" is so shapeless and turgid and ham-handed, so rich in bad lines and worse readings".
Clint Eastwood : The film was praised by critics and won two Academy Awards – Best Actor for Penn and Best Supporting Actor for Robbins – with Eastwood garnering nominations for Best Director and Best Picture.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood directed and starred in "White Hunter Black Heart" (1990), an adaptation of Peter Viertel's "roman à clef", about John Huston and the making of the classic film "The African Queen".
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood directed and scored the crime drama "Mystic River" (2003), a film dealing with themes of murder, vigilantism and sexual abuse and starring Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon and Tim Robbins.
Clint Eastwood : It co-starred Patricia Clarkson, Liam Neeson, and a young Jim Carrey who plays Johnny Squares, a drug-addled rock star and the first of the victims on a list of celebrities drawn up by horror film director Peter Swan (Neeson) who are deemed most likely to die, the so-called "Dead Pool".
Clint Eastwood : Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" wrote that film was "...the best and funniest Clint Eastwood movie in quite a while", and praised Eastwood's directing, intricately juxtaposing the old West and the new West.
Clint Eastwood : For the film Eastwood received nominations for Best Original Score at the 66th Golden Globe Awards, Best Direction at the 62nd British Academy Film Awards and director of the year from the London Film Critics' Circle.
Clint Eastwood : In 2002, Eastwood played an ex-FBI agent chasing a sadistic killer (Jeff Daniels) in the thriller "Blood Work", loosely based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Michael Connelly.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood composed the film scores of "Mystic River", "Million Dollar Baby", "Flags of Our Fathers", "Grace Is Gone", "Changeling", "Hereafter", "J. Edgar", and the original piano compositions for "In the Line of Fire".
Clint Eastwood : "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976), a western inspired by Asa Carter's 1972 novel of the same name, has lead character Josey Wales (Eastwood) as a pro-Confederate guerrilla who refuses to surrender his arms after the American Civil War and is chased across the old southwest by a group of enforcers.
Clint Eastwood : Both films received praise from critics and garnered several nominations at the 79th Academy Awards, including Best Director, Best Picture, and Best Original Screenplay for "Letters from Iwo Jima".
Clint Eastwood : The script was about a jazz disc jockey named Dave (Eastwood), who has a casual affair with Evelyn (Jessica Walter), a listener who had been calling the radio station repeatedly at night, asking him to play her favorite song – Erroll Garner's "Misty".
Clint Eastwood : Other popular films include the Western "Hang 'Em High" (1968), the psychological thriller "Play Misty for Me" (1971), the crime film "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), the Western "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976), the prison film "Escape from Alcatraz" (1979), the action film "Firefox" (1982), the suspense thriller "Tightrope" (1984), the Western "Pale Rider" (1985), the war films "Where Eagles Dare" (1968), "Kelly's Heroes" (1970), and "Heartbreak Ridge" (1986), the action thriller "In the Line of Fire" (1993), the romantic drama "The Bridges of Madison County" (1995), and the drama "Gran Torino" (2008).
Clint Eastwood : Once filming of "Breezy" had finished, Warners announced that Eastwood had agreed to reprise his role as Callahan in "Magnum Force" (1973), a sequel to "Dirty Harry", about a group of rogue young officers (among them David Soul, Robert Urich and Tim Matheson) in the San Francisco Police Department who systematically exterminate the city's worst criminals.
Clint Eastwood : Eastwood favors jazz (especially bebop), blues, classic rhythm and blues, classical, and country-and-western music; his favorite musicians include saxophonists Charlie Parker and Lester Young, pianists Thelonious Monk, Oscar Peterson, Dave Brubeck, and Fats Waller, and Delta bluesman Robert Johnson.
Clint Eastwood : In 1980, Eastwood directed and played the title role in "Bronco Billy" alongside Locke, Scatman Crothers, and Sam Bottoms.
Clint Eastwood : The film met with generally positive reviews; Roger Ebert gave it three and a half stars and described it as a "...very good film... with moments evoking great emotion," while "Variety" Todd McCarthy wrote, "Inspirational on the face of it, Clint Eastwood's film has a predictable trajectory, but every scene brims with surprising details that accumulate into a rich fabric of history, cultural impressions and emotion."
Aureliano Torres : Aureliano Torres Román (born 16 June 1982) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for 12 de Octubre in the Paraguayan División Intermedia.
Alexander Frei : He made an assist and also scored the last minute winner in the match at the Stade Tourbillon.
Alexander Frei : Although no action was taken at the time, Frei was later charged and given a provisional 15-day suspension by UEFA.
Alexander Frei : He made his debut in a 2–1 win over FC Sion on 26 July 2009.
Alexander Frei : Frei is the all-time leading scorer of the Swiss national football team with 42 goals in 84 games, and also their sixth-most capped player of all time.
Alexander Frei : Alexander Frei (born 15 July 1979) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a forward.
Alexander Frei : In a group match against England, he was caught on camera appearing to spit at Steven Gerrard.
Alexander Frei : During the 2009–10 season he scored 15 goals in 19 league games and FC Basel won the Double.
Roy Krishna : He subsequently signed a 1-year extension on 15 February 2018.
Roy Krishna : In May 2008, he spent two weeks training with the Wellington Phoenix, but was not offered a contract.
Roy Krishna : Roy Krishna (born 30 August 1987) is a Fijian professional footballer who plays as a striker and captain for both ATK in the Indian Super League and the Fiji national team.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : Elements from his Venezuelan childhood are combined with those that reference a more global pop culture.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : He manipulates the objects, often by physically reconfiguring them in such a way that invests the quotidian with philosophical and emotional resonance.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : The ordinary is made extraordinary through Hernández-Díez's provocative, darkly humorous use of material and scale.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : Jose Antonio Hernandez-Diez studied at el Centro de Formación Cinematográfica de Caracas.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : He uses "street" materials such as skateboards, sneakers, record players and other audio equipment and bicycles in order to develop a personal iconography centered on familiar, often domestic, objects.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : His work has been included in numerous exhibitions, including the 2003 Venice Bienniale and the 1999 Carnegie International.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : Hernández-Díez is part of a new generation of Venezuelan artists who emerged in the late 1980s.
José Antonio Hernández-Díez : Since 1991, Hernandez-Diez has had solo exhibitions of his work in São Paulo, New York City, Madrid and Caracas, among many others.
Simon Whitfield : Simon St. Quentin Whitfield (born 16 May 1975 in Kingston, Ontario) is a retired Olympic triathlon champion from Canada.
John Hattie : He was previously Professor of Education at the University of Auckland.
John Hattie : He was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2011 Queen's Birthday Honours, for services to education.
John Hattie : John Hattie (born 1950) was born in Timaru, New Zealand, and has been Professor of Education and Director of the Melbourne Education Research Institute at the University of Melbourne, Australia, since March 2011.
John Hattie : His research interests include performance indicators and evaluation in education, as well as creativity measurement and models of teaching and learning.
John Hattie : Hattie undertook the largest ever synthesis of meta-analyses of quantitative measures of the effect of different factors on educational outcomes.
Tariq Ramadan : ...
Tariq Ramadan : Tariq Ramadan married in 1986 and is the father of four children.
Tariq Ramadan : On 31 January 2018, Ramadan was taken into custody by French police.
Tariq Ramadan : After two days of questioning, he was formally charged with two counts of rape and ordered to remain in custody.
Tariq Ramadan : In September 2005 he was invited to join a task force by the government of the United Kingdom.
Tariq Ramadan : A State Department statement said: "A U.S. consular officer has denied Dr. Tariq Ramadan's visa application.
Tariq Ramadan : The United States Treasury designated both the CBSP and ASP terrorist fundraising organizations for their alleged links to Hamas on 22 August 2003.
Tariq Ramadan : In an article in "The Washington Post", Ramadan asked: "How should I reasonably have known of their activities before the U.S. government itself knew?"
Tariq Ramadan : The U.S. Embassy told Ramadan that he "reasonably should have known" that the charities provided money to Hamas.
Tariq Ramadan : In October 2005 he began teaching at St Antony's College, Oxford on a visiting fellowship.
Tariq Ramadan : Tariq Ramadan (; born 26 August 1962) is a Swiss Muslim academic, philosopher, and writer.
Tariq Ramadan : In March 2018, a third woman came forward alleging that she was raped by Ramadan on multiple occasions in France, Brussels and London between 2013 and 2014.
Tariq Ramadan : Between December 1998 and July 2002, Ramadan had given donations totalling $940 to two charity organizations, the Committee for Charity and Support for the Palestinians (CBSP) or "Comité de Bienfaisance et de Secours aux Palestiniens" and the "Association de Secours Palestinien".
Tariq Ramadan : In February 2004, Tariq Ramadan accepted the tenured position of Henry R. Luce Professor of Religion, Conflict and Peacebuilding at the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, at the University of Notre Dame.
Tariq Ramadan : He is the son of Said Ramadan and Wafa al-Banna, who was the eldest daughter of Hassan al Banna, who in 1928 founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
Lopo do Nascimento : On 27 January 2013 he announced his retirement from active politics.
Lopo do Nascimento : Lopo Fortunato Ferreira do Nascimento (born 10 July 1942) is an Angolan retired politician.
Lopo do Nascimento : Nascimento was later Minister of Territorial Administration; after resigning from that post, he was replaced by Paulo Kassoma on 9 April 1992.
Roberto Guerrero : He and his wife have three children and reside in San Juan Capistrano in Orange County, California.
Roberto Guerrero : Guerrero became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1989.
Roberto Guerrero : Later the same year he had a massive accident which left him in a coma for 17 days.
Roberto Guerrero : He began off-road racing at the legendary Baja 2000.
Roberto Guerrero : He has since continued to race in Baja 1000 events and guide tours of the Baja Peninsula with Wide Open Baja.
Roberto Guerrero : In recent years Guerrero has returned to racing, but of a different venue.
Roberto Guerrero : His initial promise was never completely fulfilled, winning only two CART races, both in 1987.
Roberto Guerrero : Guerrero was also selected to participate in the 1988 International Race of Champions.
Roberto Guerrero : Roberto José Guerrero Isaza (born 16 November 1958, in Medellín) is a Colombian-American former racing driver.
Roberto Guerrero : In 1992 he spun off on the pace lap after having qualified on the pole position.
Roberto Guerrero : He came very close to winning outright on two occasions, but bad luck always kept the victory out of his grasp.
Roberto Guerrero : With no championship points in Formula One and no prospects to drive for a competitive team, Guerrero left at the end of the 1983 season to race in the United States.
Roberto Guerrero : Guerrero finished runner up twice, in the top-five five times, and held the qualifying speed record from 1992 through 1996.
Roberto Guerrero : Guerrero scored his best finish of 1982 (and his entire Formula One career) at the German Grand Prix with an 8th-place finish.
Miguel Pallardó : Miguel Pallardó González (born 5 September 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Peter Capaldi : He returned for a second series in 2008 although he died in the third episode.
Peter Capaldi : The original run closed at the Gielgud on 14 April 2012.
Peter Capaldi : He also appeared in the 2007 British comedy film "Magicians".
Peter Capaldi : He starred in "Inside the Mind of Leonardo", a documentary about Leonardo da Vinci.
Peter Capaldi : Peter Dougan Capaldi (born 14 April 1958) is a Scottish actor, writer and director.
Peter Capaldi : He also wrote and directed "Strictly Sinatra" in 2001, and in 2009 he wrote and presented "A Portrait of Scotland", a documentary detailing 500 years' history of Scottish portrait painting.
Peter Capaldi : In Neil Gaiman's gothic fantasy "Neverwhere", he portrayed the angel Islington.
Peter Capaldi : He voiced Chief Petty Officer Grieves in the BBC Radio Ministry of Defence comedy "Our Brave Boys".
Peter Capaldi : A film spin-off from "The Thick of It" called "In the Loop" (in which Capaldi returned to the role of Tucker), was released in 2009.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi is also an audiobook narrator, and his many titles include several of the works of Iain Banks.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi is a patron of Worldwide Cancer Research, and the Scottish children's charity, the Aberlour Child Care Trust.
Peter Capaldi : He appeared as King Charles I in the Channel 4 series "The Devil's Whore", aired in 2008.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi displayed an early talent for performance by putting on a puppet show in primary school.
Peter Capaldi : In the 1999 Channel 4 series "Psychos", he played a mathematician with bipolar disorder.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi has appeared in over 40 films and television shows since his appearance as Danny Oldsen in "Local Hero" (1983).
Peter Capaldi : He played Balthazar, one of the Biblical Magi, in the 2010 BBC adaptation of "The Nativity".
Peter Capaldi : In 2013 he portrayed Alan Rusbridger, the editor of The Guardian in "The Fifth Estate".
Peter Capaldi : In 2006, 2008 and 2010 he was nominated for the BAFTA and RTS Best Comedy Actor Awards.
Peter Capaldi : Tucker is said to be largely, if loosely, based upon Tony Blair's right-hand man Alastair Campbell, although Capaldi has said that he based his performance more on Hollywood power players, such as the often abrasive Harvey Weinstein.
Peter Capaldi : He appeared in the "Midsomer Murders" episode "Death in Chorus" and ITV1's "Fallen Angel".
Peter Capaldi : In 2007, Capaldi appeared as Mark Jenkins (Sid's dad) in the E4 teen comedy drama series "Skins".
Peter Capaldi : He played Beatles member George Harrison in "" (1985), had roles in "The Lair of the White Worm" (1988) and "Dangerous Liaisons" (1988), and was featured as Ozzy in a 1985 episode of "Minder".
Peter Capaldi : He had a small role as a therapist in "Big Fat Gypsy Gangster", written by and starring his "Getting On" co-star Ricky Grover.
Peter Capaldi : He appeared in "The Field of Blood" as Dr Pete, for which he received a BAFTA Scotland nomination in the TV actor/actress category; he was beaten by his co-star Jayd Johnson.
Peter Capaldi : As an art student, he was the lead singer and guitarist in a punk rock band called "The Dreamboys", whose drummer was future comedian Craig Ferguson.
Peter Capaldi : He starred as Rory in the 1996 television version of Banks's "The Crow Road".
Peter Capaldi : In 2014 he starred in a new adaptation of "The Three Musketeers" as Cardinal Richelieu on BBC One.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi provided his voice for the animated film "Haunted Hogmanay" in 2006.
Peter Capaldi : Prior to taking over the lead role in "Doctor Who", Capaldi was best known for playing spin doctor Malcolm Tucker in the Armando Iannucci-written BBC sitcom "The Thick of It", which he played from 2005 to 2012.
Peter Capaldi : He was educated at St Teresa's Primary School in Possilpark, St Matthew's Primary School in Bishopbriggs, and St Ninian's High School, Kirkintilloch, before attending the Glasgow School of Art.
Peter Capaldi : He won the 2010 BAFTA Television Award for Male Performance in a Comedy Role.
Peter Capaldi : While at high school, he was a member of the Antonine Players, who performed at the Fort Theatre in Bishopbriggs.
Peter Capaldi : In 2012, Capaldi played Randall Brown, the new Head of News, on the BBC2 drama "The Hour".
Peter Capaldi : He also won the 2010 and 2012 British Comedy Award for Best TV Comedy Actor.
Peter Capaldi : In 1995, he won an Oscar for Best Live Action Short Film for his film "Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life", which was tied with fellow nominee "Trevor", leading to both films being announced as joint winners, and won BAFTA Award for Best Short Film a year before that.
Peter Capaldi : In November 2011, he began playing Professor Marcus in "The Ladykillers" at the Liverpool Playhouse, then transferred to the Gielgud Theatre in London.
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi's first starring role on television was as Luke Wakefield, a strange man who imagines he has witnessed a crime, in the BBC drama series "Mr Wakefield's Crusade".
Peter Capaldi : Capaldi made an appearance as a university professor in the sitcom "Peep Show", and played a prime suspect in the 2007 series of "Waking the Dead".
Peter Capaldi : He played fictional "Songs of Praise" producer Tristan Campbell in two episodes of the sitcom "The Vicar of Dibley", and a transgender woman in ITV's "Prime Suspect".
Kip Thorne : I happen to not believe in God."
Kip Thorne : He has been recognized by numerous awards including:
Kip Thorne : In 1999, Thorne made some speculations on what the 21st century will find as the answers to the following questions:
Kip Thorne : Raised in an academic environment, two of his four siblings also became professors.
Kip Thorne : This book has been published in six languages, and editions in Chinese, Italian, Czech, and Polish are in press.
Kip Thorne : A significant aspect of his research is developing the mathematics necessary to analyze these objects.
Kip Thorne : Thorne has served on:
Kip Thorne : Thorne has published more than 150 articles in scholarly journals.
Kip Thorne : Their children are Kares Anne and Bret Carter, an architect.
Kip Thorne : Thorne and Peterson divorced in 1977.
Kip Thorne : This has triggered research to explore the ability of quantum fields to possess such extended negative energy.
Kip Thorne : That is, any object of mass M around which a hoop of circumference formula_1 can be spun must be a black hole.
Kip Thorne : Thorne and Linda Jean Peterson married in 1960.
Kip Thorne : He has been a Woodrow Wilson Fellow, Danforth Fellow, Guggenheim Fellow, and Fulbright Fellow.
Kip Thorne : If his results can be generalized, they would suggest that none of the supposed paradoxes formulated in time travel stories can actually be formulated at a precise physical level: that is, that "any" situation in a time travel story turns out to permit "many" consistent solutions.
Kip Thorne : In June 2009, he resigned his Feynman Professorship (he is now the Feynman Professor of Theoretical Physics, Emeritus) to pursue a career of writing and movie making.
Kip Thorne : Approximately 50 physicists have received Ph.D.s at Caltech under Thorne's personal mentorship.
Kip Thorne : After several months wrestling with the problem, he proved that it was impossible for cylindrical magnetic field lines to implode.
Kip Thorne : He has also received the honorary degree of doctor of humane letters from Claremont Graduate University and an honorary doctorate from the Physics Department of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
Kip Thorne : He was elected to hold the Lorentz chair for the year 2009 Leiden University, the Netherlands.
Kip Thorne : He is perhaps best known to the public for his controversial theory that wormholes can conceivably be used for time travel.
Kip Thorne : In 1994, he published "Black Holes and Time Warps: Einstein's Outrageous Legacy", a book for non-scientists for which he received numerous awards.
Kip Thorne : Recent calculations by Thorne indicate that simple masses passing through traversable wormholes could never engender paradoxes – there are "no" initial conditions that lead to paradox once time travel is introduced.
Kip Thorne : Thorne's work has dealt with the prediction of gravitational wave strengths and their temporal signatures as observed on Earth.
Kip Thorne : He laid the foundations for the theory of pulsations of relativistic stars and the gravitational radiation they emit.
Kip Thorne : He wrote his doctoral thesis, "Geometrodynamics of Cylindrical Systems", under the supervision of John Wheeler.
Kip Thorne : With Anna Żytkow, Thorne predicted the existence of red supergiant stars with neutron-star cores (Thorne–Żytkow objects).
Kip Thorne : Thorne rapidly excelled at academics early in life, winning recognition in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search as a senior at Logan High School and becoming one of the youngest full professors in the history of the California Institute of Technology at age 30.
Kip Thorne : With Clifford Will and others of his students, he laid the foundations for the theoretical interpretation of experimental tests of relativistic theories of gravity – foundations on which Will and others then built.
Kip Thorne : In 2017, Thorne was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics along with Rainer Weiss and Barry C. Barish "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves".
Kip Thorne : Thorne also carries out engineering design analyses for features of the LIGO that cannot be developed on the basis of experiment and he gives advice on data analysis algorithms by which the waves will be sought.
Kip Thorne : degree from Caltech in 1962, and Ph.D. degree from Princeton University in 1965.
Kip Thorne : With his postdoc Wojciech Zurek, he showed that the entropy of a black hole is the logarithm of the number of ways that the hole could have been made.
Kip Thorne : Thorne and his co-workers at Caltech conducted scientific research on whether the laws of physics permit space and time to be multiply connected (can there exist classical, traversable wormholes and "time machines"?).
Kip Thorne : In 1973, he co-authored the textbook "Gravitation" with Charles Misner and John Wheeler; that according to John C. Baez and Chris Hillman, is one of the great scientific books of all time and has inspired two generations of students.
Kip Thorne : Throughout the years, Thorne has served as a mentor and thesis advisor for many leading theorists who now work on observational, experimental, or astrophysical aspects of general relativity.
Kip Thorne : However, Thorne's scientific contributions, which center on the general nature of space, time, and gravity, span the full range of topics in general relativity.
Kip Thorne : Thorne has investigated the quantum statistical mechanical origin of the entropy of a black hole.
Kip Thorne : Kip Stephen Thorne (born June 1, 1940) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate, known for his contributions in gravitational physics and astrophysics.
Kip Thorne : A longtime friend and colleague of Stephen Hawking and Carl Sagan, he was the Feynman Professor of Theoretical Physics at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) until 2009 and is one of the world's leading experts on the astrophysical implications of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
Kip Thorne : Thorne is known for his ability to convey the excitement and significance of discoveries in gravitation and astrophysics to both professional and lay audiences.
Kip Thorne : , Thorne was interested in the origin of classical space and time from the quantum foam of quantum gravity theory.
Kip Thorne : Thorne has written and edited books on topics in gravitational theory and high-energy astrophysics.
Kip Thorne : With James Hartle, Thorne derived from general relativity the laws of motion and precession of black holes and other relativistic bodies, including the influence of the coupling of their multipole moments to the spacetime curvature of nearby objects, as well as writing down the Hartle-Thorne metric, an approximate solution which describes the exterior of a slowly and rigidly rotating, stationary and axially symmetric body.
Kip Thorne : With Sung-Won Kim, Thorne identified a universal physical mechanism (the explosive growth of vacuum polarization of quantum fields), that may always prevent spacetime from developing closed timelike curves (i.e., prevent backward time travel).
Kip Thorne : Thorne has also theoretically predicted the existence of universally antigravitating "exotic matter" – the element needed to accelerate the expansion rate of the universe, keep traversable wormhole "Star Gates" open and keep timelike geodesic free float "warp drives" working.
Kip Thorne : He has provided theoretical support for LIGO, including identifying gravitational wave sources that LIGO should target, designing the baffles to control scattered light in the LIGO beam tubes, and – in collaboration with Vladimir Braginsky's (Moscow, Russia) research group – inventing quantum nondemolition designs for advanced gravity-wave detectors and ways to reduce the most serious kind of noise in advanced detectors: thermoelastic noise.
Kip Thorne : As a tool to be used in both enterprises, astrophysics and theoretical physics, Thorne and his students have developed an unusual approach, called the "membrane paradigm", to the theory of black holes and used it to clarify the "Blandford-Znajek" mechanism by which black holes may power some quasars and active galactic nuclei.
Kip Thorne : Thorne and his second wife, Carolee Joyce Winstein, a professor of biokinesiology and physical therapy at USC, married in 1984.
Kip Thorne : Thorne's research has principally focused on relativistic astrophysics and gravitation physics, with emphasis on relativistic stars, black holes and especially gravitational waves.
Kip Thorne : Thorne returned to Caltech as an associate professor in 1967 and became a professor of theoretical physics in 1970, the William R. Kenan, Jr.
Alexandre Lopes : Alexandre Lopes (born 29 October 1974) is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a defender.
Armando Manzanero : He has participated in numerous radio and television shows, recorded more than thirty albums, and composed the musical scores of several movies.
Armando Manzanero : In 1993 "Billboard" magazine gave him an award for his excellent musical career.
Armando Manzanero : In 1982, the song "Corazón Amigo" (Heart Friend), was honored in the Yamaha Festival.
Armando Manzanero : He is the current president of the Mexican Society of Authors and Composers (Sociedad de Autores y Compositores de México).
Armando Manzanero : In 1965 he won the first place of the "Festival de la Canción" (Song Festival) in Miami with the song "Cuando Estoy Contigo" (When I'm With You).
Armando Manzanero : At the age of eight he was introduced into the world of music in the "Escuela de Bellas Artes" (School of Fine Arts) of his native city, later furthering his musical studies in Mexico City.
Armando Manzanero : His work has been performed by singers such as Tito Rodriguez, Frank Sinatra, Andrea Bocelli, Raquel Bitton Tony Bennett, Elvis Presley, Alejandro Fernández, Perry Como, Luis Miguel, Franck Pourcel, Paul Mauriat, Ray Conniff, María Martha Serra Lima, Mina, Claudio Nicoletti, Raphael, Roberto Carlos, Christina Aguilera, Manoella Torres, Marco Antonio Muñiz, Angelica Maria, José José, Tania Libertad, Lucero, Cristian Castro, and Il Divo, Carmen París, as well as with pianist Raúl di Blasio and others.
Armando Manzanero : In 1978 he won the first place of the Mallorca Festival in Spain, with the song "Señor Amor" (Mister Love).
Armando Manzanero : In 1970, his song "Somos Novios" was translated into English by Sid Wayne, composer for Elvis Presley.
Armando Manzanero : Armando Manzanero Canché (born in Mérida, Yucatán on 7 December 1935) is a Mexican musician, singer, and composer of Maya descent, widely considered the premier Mexican romantic composer of the postwar era and one of the most successful composers of Latin America.
Armando Manzanero : In 1959, an executive of RCA Victor urged him to record his first album of love songs, which he named "Mi Primera Grabación" (My First Record).
Adebayo Akinfenwa : However, he failed a medical.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He is known for his physical strength and heavy build.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : This followed a fractured left shin the previous October.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa reportedly weighs around 16 stone (101 kg) and can bench press 200 kg, almost double his own body weight.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : However, just a handful of matches into his stint, the club suffered a financial crisis and released its professional playing staff.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He declined to sign a new contract with Torquay at the end of the season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He also helped Swansea reach the League One promotion play-off final in his first season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Following this, in November 2007 he joined League One team Millwall on a month-to-month contract, however he failed to score any goals in seven appearances.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He started the 2008–09 season well, scoring twice in three matches by the end of September.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : In December 2003 he moved to Rushden & Diamonds and in February 2004 joined Doncaster Rovers, his fifth club of the season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He scored 14 league goals during the 2004–05 season but was unable to help the club avoid relegation to League Two.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : On 20 June 2014, he signed for League Two side AFC Wimbledon, who had pursued his signature for 14 months.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa was born in Islington, London.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He scored his first goal against Bristol Rovers on 16 August.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Whilst at the Gills, Akinfenwa was able to form a strong partnership with Cody McDonald and the pair were able to score 36 goals between them that season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Northampton Town released him at the end of the 2012–13 season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He started the following match, at home to Gillingham, and scored two goals in a 4–0 win.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : In July 2005, Akinfenwa moved to Swansea City, who were ordered to pay an £85,000 fee as compensation.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He was a regular the following season, until a broken right leg in the 2–0 defeat at home to Scunthorpe United ended his season.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa ended his stay at Northampton in May 2010.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa returned to Sixfields on 25 May 2011, after new Cobblers manager Gary Johnson brought him in to "capture the imagination of the supporters".
Adebayo Akinfenwa : As a teenager, he joined the Lithuanian club FK Atlantas on the advice of his agent, whose Lithuanian wife's brother knew a member of the coaching staff there.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He had been offered a new deal but Northampton could not agree a deal with him within an agreed timeframe.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Saheed Adebayo Akinfenwa (born 10 May 1982) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Wycombe Wanderers.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He scored on his debut against Tranmere Rovers, and this was also the first competitive goal scored at Swansea's new Liberty Stadium.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He scored the winning goal in the 2006 Football League Trophy Final, in which Swansea beat Carlisle United 2–1.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : In July 2004, Akinfenwa changed clubs again, signing for Torquay United, as a replacement for David Graham.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : After reigniting his successful partnership with Cody McDonald, scoring 10 goals over the course of the 2013–14 season and coming third in their Supporters Player of the Year awards, Akinfenwa left the club on expiry of his one-year contract.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He spent two years at the club before returning to the UK early in 2003, where he joined Welsh Premier League champions Barry Town.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : At the end of the 2006–07 season, he rejected a new contract with Swansea, and agreed to sign for Swindon Town on 29 June 2007.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : On 30 May 2008, Akinfenwa signed a new one-year contract at Northampton despite declared interest from Leyton Orient and Grimsby Town.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa re-signed for Gillingham on a free transfer on 2 July 2013.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He made his debut against Swindon Town, where he came off the bench to score a late equaliser in a 1–1 draw.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : He then had the same impact in his home debut, scoring the equaliser in a 1–1 draw against Leeds United.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : Akinfenwa quickly joined Boston United in October 2003, scoring a last minute winner on his debut against Swindon Town in the Football League Trophy.
Adebayo Akinfenwa : After a 2–2 draw, the match went to a penalty shoot-out but Akinfenwa was one of two Swansea players to miss with their penalties, granting promotion to Barnsley.
Renzo Revoredo : -Descentralizado 2018
Renzo Revoredo : Universitario de Deportes
Renzo Revoredo : Coronel Bolognesi
Renzo Revoredo : Renzo Revoredo Zuazo (born 11 May 1986 in Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Sporting Cristal and the Peru national football team.
Catalino Rivarola : Catalino Rivarola Méndez (born 30 April 1965 in Zabalhos, Asunción) is a former football defender from Paraguay.
Eike Immel : Following his retirement from the game after a stay with Manchester City, whom he joined after his Stuttgart manager had preferred a younger goalkeeper in 1995, Eike Immel was working in a coaching role, performing a similar role under Christoph Daum at Fenerbahçe in 2005.
Axel Rudi Pell : He commenced his musical career with Steeler (1984–88) before leaving in 1988 for a solo career.
Axel Rudi Pell : SPV Records released a live DVD on 25 February 2008, titled "Live over Europe", which includes the full performance from the Rock Hard Festival in 2007, and comes with a bonus disc which includes live footage from Pell's own archive.
Axel Rudi Pell : Axel Rudi Pell (born 27 June 1960) is a German heavy metal guitar player.
Axel Rudi Pell : During this time, he has played with such drummers as Jörg Michael and Mike Terrana, and singers Charlie Huhn, Johnny Gioeli, Jeff Scott Soto, and Rob Rock.
Stephen Moyer : The couple married on 21 August 2010 at a private residence in Malibu, California.
Stephen Moyer : Moyer graduated from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA).
Stephen Moyer : He also has a daughter from his seven-year relationship with journalist Lorien Haynes.
Stephen Moyer : Stephen Moyer (born Stephen John Emery; 11 October 1969) is an English film and television actor and director who is best known as vampire Bill Compton in the HBO series "True Blood".
Paul Ince : However, Ince made history during England's summer tour of the US when, in a match against the host nation, he became England's first black captain in the absence of David Platt and Tony Adams.
Paul Ince : Paul Emerson Carlyle Ince (; born 21 October 1967) is an English football manager and a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1982 to 2007.
Fernando Soriano : Fernando Soriano Marco (born 24 September 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and is a manager.
Fernando Soriano : On 17 May 2016, aged 36, Soriano retired and was immediately appointed manager of Almería until the end of the division two season.
Steve Coogan : Stephen John Coogan (; born 14 October 1965) is an English actor, comedian, and producer.
Steve Coogan : In 2013, he co-wrote, produced, and starred in the film "Philomena", which earned him nominations at the Golden Globes and BAFTAs, and as well as two at the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.
James Bourne : The EP is set to be released in the summer.
James Bourne : The tickets for the 20 August premiere went up for sale on 7 May.
James Bourne : He has also helped write songs for the British drama "Britannia High".
James Bourne : The slogan used for the musical is "I guess it really pays to be a slacker...", and is centred around 17-year-old Michael Dork, who is called a nerd, geek and slacker by others.
James Bourne : Bourne owns an American skating and apparel company called SicPuppy, named after a band he was once a member of.
James Bourne : They held auditions and after listening to a few songs the two had written together, Charlie Simpson joined the band.
James Bourne : At the age of 17, Bourne dropped out of the South East Essex college course in Music Technology to pursue his music career.
James Bourne : The event was hosted by David Gest and Matt Willis.
James Bourne : Despite their success, Busted split on 14 January 2005 after just three years, following Simpson's decision to leave the band to concentrate on his side project Fightstar.
James Bourne : Willis and Bourne placed an ad for a third band member in "NME" magazine.
James Bourne : He is also has a good relationship with the band members of McFly.
James Bourne : Bourne attended the independent fee-paying Thorpe Hall School in Southend-On-Sea.
James Bourne : By the end of the band's career, they had managed eight top 10 singles and four number ones – "You Said No", "Crashed the Wedding", "Who's David?"
James Bourne : He also wrote Eoghan Quigg's debut solo single "28,000 Friends", which was originally performed by Bourne at The Living Room, New York on 11 October 2007.
James Bourne : In February 2009, Youth Music Theatre UK commissioned Bourne, along with his friend Elliot Davis, to write a musical based on the Son of Dork album "Welcome to Loserville", "Loserville: The Musical".
James Bourne : Bourne wrote the majority of Busted's two albums with Matt Willis, Charlie Simpson and Tom Fletcher (McFly).
James Bourne : He met Matt Willis at a gig and they started writing songs together at Bourne's house in Southend.
James Bourne : After signing to Universal in 2002, Busted released their first single, "What I Go To School For", from their self-titled debut album in September that year, which quickly became No.
James Bourne : Bourne paid over £16,000 for his own record company, Sicpuppy Records, which, in 2007, gave unsigned UK bands a chance to play on the Sic Tour 2007 in Shepherd's Bush Empire.
James Bourne : Bourne was born in Rochford, Essex to Peter and Maria Bourne and moved to Southend-on-Sea at age ten months.
James Bourne : James Elliot Bourne (born 13 September 1983 in Rochford, Essex, England) is an English singer-songwriter and musician.
Paul Verhoeven : Verhoeven would continue to discuss the film throughout the 1990s.
Paul Verhoeven : He graduated with a degree in mathematics and physics from the University of Leiden.
Paul Verhoeven : His films altogether received a total of nine Academy Award nominations, mainly for editing and effects.
Paul Verhoeven : Verhoeven won the Saturn Award for Best Director for "RoboCop".
Paul Verhoeven : In contrast, he won the Golden Raspberry Awards for Worst Picture and Worst Director for "Showgirls"; he is one of the few people to have accepted their Golden Raspberry awards in person, and was the first person to go to the ceremony to receive it.
Paul Verhoeven : When he left the Navy, Verhoeven took his skills to Dutch television.
Paul Verhoeven : Paul Verhoeven (; born 18 July 1938) is a Dutch director, screenwriter and film producer.
Paul Verhoeven : Verhoeven's first feature film "Business Is Business" was released in 1971 and was not well received.
Paul Verhoeven : "Turkish Delight" received the award for Best Dutch Film of the Century at the Netherlands Film Festival.
Paul Verhoeven : In 2016 however, Verhoeven followed "Black Book" by directing a French film: "Elle", an adaptation of a novel by Philippe Djian.
Paul Verhoeven : His first major success was the 1969 "Floris" television series, starring Rutger Hauer.
Paul Verhoeven : His Dutch war film "Black Book" (2006) was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language and was voted by the Dutch public, in 2008, as the best Dutch film ever made.
Paul Verhoeven : His first national success came in 1973 with "Turkish Delight", starring Rutger Hauer and Monique van de Ven.
Paul Verhoeven : He directed the films "Turkish Delight" (1973), "Soldier of Orange" (1977), "Flesh and Blood" (1985), "RoboCop" (1987), "Total Recall" (1990), "Basic Instinct" (1992), "Showgirls" (1995), "Starship Troopers" (1997), "Black Book" (2006) and "Elle" (2016).
Paul Verhoeven : After "Basic Instinct" and "Showgirls", Verhoeven returned to the science fiction, graphic violence and special-effects tropes that had marked his earlier films with "Starship Troopers" (1997), loosely based on the novel of the same name by Robert A. Heinlein, and "Hollow Man" (2000).
Paul Verhoeven : Verhoeven followed those successes with the equally intense and provocative "Basic Instinct" (1992), an erotic thriller.
André Vingt-Trois : André Vingt-Trois was born in Paris, France, to Armand Vingt-Trois and Paulette ("née" Vuillamy).
André Vingt-Trois : He has been a member of the Congregation for Bishops and the Pontifical Council for the Family since 12 June 2008 and of the Congregation for the Clergy since 2 February 2010.
André Vingt-Trois : He then attended the Institut Catholique de Paris, from where he obtained his licentiate in moral theology.
André Vingt-Trois : Vingt-Trois was appointed Archbishop of Tours on 21 April 1999, and Archbishop of Paris on 11 February 2005.
André Vingt-Trois : On 5 November 2007, he was elected President of the French Episcopal Conference for a term of three years.
André Vingt-Trois : Vingt-Trois completed his secondary studies at the Lycée Henri IV and entered the Seminary of Saint-Sulpice at Issy-les-Moulineaux in 1962.
André Vingt-Trois : He then served as director of his "alma mater" of the Seminary of Saint-Sulpice until 1988, also teaching moral and sacramental theology there.
André Vingt-Trois : On 25 June 1988, Vingt-Trois was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Paris and Titular Bishop of Thibilis by Pope John Paul II.
André Vingt-Trois : André Armand Vingt-Trois () (born 7 November 1942) is a French cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : in meta-analysis of placebo.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : Peter C. Gøtzsche (born November 26, 1949) is a Danish physician, medical researcher, and former leader of the Nordic Cochrane Center at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : His membership of Cochrane was terminated by its Governing Board of Trustees on September 25, 2018.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : In September 2018 he was expelled from Cochrane Collaboration.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : and that many meta-analyses may have data extraction errors.
Peter C. Gøtzsche : The Board announced the step on September 26 expelling Gøtzsche because of an "ongoing, consistent pattern of disruptive and inappropriate behaviours ..., taking place over a number of years, which undermined this culture and were detrimental to the charity’s work, reputation and members."
Peter C. Gøtzsche : also found faults with a 2018 Cochrane review of the HPV vaccine.
François Fillon : His youngest brother, Dominique, is a pianist and jazz musician.
François Fillon : Fillon was born on 4 March 1954 in Le Mans, Sarthe, France.
François Fillon : Fillon has stated that he is personally opposed to abortion but would not vote to ban it.
François Fillon : He then studied at the University of Maine in Le Mans where he received a master's degree in public law in 1976.
François Fillon : He subsequently received a master of Advanced Studies ("diplôme d'études approfondies") in public law from Paris Descartes University.
François Fillon : François Charles Armand Fillon (; born 4 March 1954) is a retired French politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 2007 to 2012 under President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Andrew Ogilvy : Andrew James "A.
Bernard Hinault : he was the most recent French winner of the Tour de France.
Bernard Hinault : Since 1981, Hinault had been joined at Renault by two young talents, Laurent Fignon and the American Greg LeMond.
Bernard Hinault : Bernard Hinault (; born 14 November 1954) is a French former professional cyclist.
Mike Huckabee : He was a candidate in the United States Republican presidential primaries in both 2008 and 2016.
Mike Huckabee : In 2003, physicians diagnosed him with type 2 diabetes, and informed him that he would not live more than 10 years if he did not lose weight.
Mike Huckabee : His first job, when he was 14, was at a radio station, where he read the news and weather.
Mike Huckabee : He has cited his working-class upbringing as the reason for his political views; his father worked as a fireman and mechanic, and his mother worked as a clerk at a gas company.
Mike Huckabee : He says that adoptions should be child focused and opposes gay adoptions.
Mike Huckabee : His reelection came despite the defeat in the general election of fellow Republican U.S.
Mike Huckabee : He wrote a book chronicling his weight-loss experience, "Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork".
Mike Huckabee : In Huckabee's first political race in 1992, he lost to incumbent Democratic senator Dale Bumpers, receiving 40 percent of the vote in the general election.
Mike Huckabee : Huckabee acknowledges that he has weighed as much as 300 pounds (135 kg).
Mike Huckabee : Michael Dale Huckabee (born August 24, 1955) is an American politician and Christian minister who served as the 44th governor of Arkansas from 1996 to 2007.
Mike Huckabee : He graduated from Ouachita Baptist University on May 8, 1978, completing his bachelor's degree in religion before attending Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth, Texas.
Mike Huckabee : He has chaired the Southern Growth Policies Board, the Southern Regional Education Board, the Southern Technology Council, the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission, and the Education Commission of the States.
Mike Huckabee : Consequently, he also registered victories in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and Tennessee on Super Tuesday, bringing his delegate count up to 156, compared with 689 for Republican party front-runner John McCain.
Mike Huckabee : When elected governor of Arkansas, Huckabee was obese.
Mike Huckabee : Huckabee denied the reports.
Mike Huckabee : Huckabee has voiced his support of intelligent design and he has stated that he does not accept the validity of Darwin's theory of evolution.
Mike Huckabee : Only Democrats Orval Faubus, who served six consecutive two-year terms (1955–1967), and Bill Clinton, who served 11 years, 11 months (1979–1981; 1983–1992), had longer tenures.
German Ruano : By 2008, he had become the second-longest serving active squad member after Juan Carlos Plata.
German Ruano : After finishing second on the 2008–2009 clausura tournament, Municipal did not renew his contract, and afterwards Ruano, who wore the number 17 on his shirt throughout his career, announced his retirement.
German Ruano : He also played four matches at the 1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup and two matches at the 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
German Ruano : Born in Guatemala City, Ruano, a right back of outstanding defensive and attacking skills, began his career with local side CD Suchitepéquez.
German Ruano : His final international was a January 2001 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica, a game which also marked the end of the international careers of national team stalwarts Jorge Rodas and Edgar Valencia.
German Ruano : Ruano made his debut for Guatemala in a December 1995 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Panama and went on to collect 57 caps in the next six years, appearing in a total 19 matches during the qualification processes to the World Cups of 1998 and 2002.
Guy Verhofstadt : He was a Member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1985 to 2009.
Guy Verhofstadt : He was the 47th Prime Minister of Belgium from 1999 to 2008, Deputy Prime Minister of Belgium from 1985 to 1992 and Minister of Budget from 1985 to 1992.
Guy Verhofstadt : Because of his economic views and his young age, he became known as "Baby Thatcher".
Guy Verhofstadt : Verhofstadt resigned and disappeared from the political scene, only to return to the party's presidency in 1997 with a less radical image.
Guy Verhofstadt : In 1982, at age 29, he became president of the party.
Guy Verhofstadt : He was appointed Prime Minister on 12 July 1999, the first liberal to hold that office since 1938.
Guy Verhofstadt : During the prelude to the Iraq crisis of 2003, Belgium joined France, Germany and Russia in opposition to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
Guy Verhofstadt : In September 2016, Verhofstadt was named the European Parliament's representative on matters relating to Brexit.
Guy Verhofstadt : It was the first Belgian government without a Christian Democratic party since 1958, and the first one to include green parties.
Guy Verhofstadt : Guy Maurice Marie Louise Verhofstadt (; ; born 11 April 1953) is a Belgian politician who was the Leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe from 2009 to 2019, and has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Belgium since 2009.
Guy Verhofstadt : After a failed attempt to form a government in November 1991, he changed the PVV into the Flemish Liberals and Democrats (VLD).
Ramush Haradinaj : trial.'
Ramush Haradinaj : Haradinaj has five brothers.
Ramush Haradinaj : The youngest brother Frashër was still a student as of 2007 and worked in the service of the now former Provisional Institutions of Self-Government.
Ramush Haradinaj : Enver Haradinaj, another brother of Ramush, was assassinated in April 2005 in a drive-by shootout in Kosovo.
Ramush Haradinaj : Haradinaj also earned a master's degree in business from the American University in Kosovo, which is associated with the Rochester Institute of Technology in New York.
Ramush Haradinaj : After graduating from high school in 1987, he did his mandatory military service in the Yugoslav People's Army, where he was later promoted to platoon commander.
Ramush Haradinaj : He was acquitted on 3 April 2008, because of lack of convincing evidence.
Ramush Haradinaj : In September 1998, some months later, the bodies of 39 people were found near Glodjane.
Ramush Haradinaj : He is a former officer and leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), and previously served as Prime Minister of Kosovo between 2004 and 2005.
Ramush Haradinaj : After the Kosovo War, Haradinaj attended law school at the University of Pristina.
Ramush Haradinaj : Ramush Haradinaj is currently married to the RTK news reporter Anita Haradinaj, they have three young children, two boys and one girl.
Ramush Haradinaj : Haradinaj served 100 days as Prime Minister in 2005 before being indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), at The Hague.
Ramush Haradinaj : Two of them, Luan Haradinaj and Shkelzën Haradinaj, were killed as members of the KLA during the fights with the Serbian security forces.
Ramush Haradinaj : In Switzerland, Haradinaj joined the Albanian nationalist organization "People's Movement of Kosovo", from which the KLA originated; this organization wanted to separate Kosovo from Yugoslavia through armed struggle.
Ramush Haradinaj : The discovery of their bodies led to public accusations of war crimes against Haradinaj and his group.
Ramush Haradinaj : The indictment alleges that Haradinaj, as a commander of the KLA, committed crimes against humanity and violations of the laws or customs of war between March and September 1998, the alleged purpose of which was to exert control over territory, targeting both Serb, Albanian, and Romani civilians.
Ramush Haradinaj : Ramush Haradinaj (; born 3 July 1968) is a Kosovar politician who is the outgoing Prime Minister of Kosovo, and leader of the AAK party.
Ramush Haradinaj : After demilitarization of the KLA following NATO's entry into Kosovo in 1999, the KLA was transformed into the Kosovo Protection Corps (KPC).
Andy García : Over a period of several years, they built up a million-dollar perfume company.
Andy García : When García was 5 years old, his family moved to Miami, Florida, after the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion.
Andy García : In 1982, García married Marivi Lorido.
Andy García : García began acting at Florida International University but soon went to Hollywood.
Andy García : During his last year in high school, he became ill with mononucleosis, which convinced him to pursue a career in acting.
Andy García : He played the role of a gang member in the first episode of the popular TV series "Hill Street Blues".
Andy García : García earned an Academy Award nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his performance.
Andy García : He co-wrote, directed, and starred in "The Lost City" (2005) alongside Dustin Hoffman and Bill Murray.
Andy García : Andrés Arturo García Menéndez (born April 12, 1956) is an American actor and director.
Andy García : García was raised as a Roman Catholic and attended Miami Beach Senior High School, where he played on the basketball team.
Andy García : Here We Go Again" as Fernando Cienfuegos alongside "Cher", Amanda Seyfried, Lily James, Colin Firth, Stellan Skarsgaard, and Pierce Brosnan.
Andy García : He appeared in a supporting role in "The Mean Season" in 1985, alongside Kurt Russell, and director Brian De Palma cast him in "The Untouchables" in 1987.
Tony Randel : Tony Randel (born May 29, 1956) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Cat Stevens : 2".
Cat Stevens : I got down to thinking about myself.
Cat Stevens : It seemed almost as if I had my eyes shut."
Cat Stevens : They subsequently returned to England.
Cat Stevens : On 1 October 2004 he requested the removal of his name, "I remain bewildered by the decision of the US authorities to refuse me entry to the United States".
Cat Stevens : Some people give a political interpretation to charity.
Cat Stevens : You know, up until that point, I hadn't had a life.
Cat Stevens : All family members worked in the restaurant.
Cat Stevens : The following day, he was denied entry and flown back to the United Kingdom.
Cat Stevens : He also donated a portion of his box-set royalties to the fund for victims' families, and the rest to orphans in underdeveloped countries.
Cat Stevens : Immediately following the September 11 attacks on the United States, he said:
Cat Stevens : "At the time I was reported to have done it, I didn't know such a group existed.
Cat Stevens : You come to a point where you have sung, more or less ... your whole repertoire and you want to get down to the job of living.
Cat Stevens : An accompanying single, called "Heaven/Where True Love Goes", was also released.
Cat Stevens : He was called "the artist boy", and said, "I was beat up, but I was noticed".
Cat Stevens : He spent months recuperating in the hospital and a year of convalescence.
Cat Stevens : They currently live in London, spending part of each year in Dubai.
Cat Stevens : At first he tried forming a band, but realised he preferred performing solo.
Cat Stevens : In 1973, Stevens moved to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, as a tax exile from the United Kingdom, however, he later donated the money to UNESCO.
Cat Stevens : He later said, "to go from the show business environment and find you are in hospital, getting injections day in and day out, and people around you are dying, it certainly changes your perspective.
Cat Stevens : Islam believed his inclusion on a "watch list" may have simply been an error: a mistaken identification of him for a man with the same name, but different spelling.
Cat Stevens : Powell responded by stating that the watchlist was under review, adding, "I think we have that obligation to review these matters to see if we are right".
Cat Stevens : Other songs written for D'Arbanville included "Maybe You're Right", and "Just Another Night".
Cat Stevens : In a 2004 interview on "Larry King Live", he said "A lot of people would have loved me to keep singing.
Cat Stevens : At that point, his goal was to become a songwriter.
Cat Stevens : 206 in the 2003 list of "Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time".
Cat Stevens : Stevens' next album was the concept album "Numbers", a less successful departure for him.
Cat Stevens : During this time Stevens began to question aspects of his life and spirituality.
Cat Stevens : Although he discontinued his pop career, he was persuaded to perform one last time before what would become his twenty-five-year musical hiatus.
Cat Stevens : He took up meditation, yoga, and metaphysics; read about other religions; and became a vegetarian.
Cat Stevens : On 5 May 2009, Islam released "Roadsinger", a new pop album recorded in 2008.
Cat Stevens : His initial recordings had not included any musical instruments other than percussion, and featured lyrics about Islamic themes, some in spoken word or hamd form.
Cat Stevens : In addition, he invited and collaborated with other Muslim singers, including Canadian artist Dawud Wharnsby.
Cat Stevens : At 15, inspired by the popularity of the Beatles, he became interested in the guitar.
Cat Stevens : Two years later, in December 2006, Islam was admitted without incident into the United States for several radio concert performances and interviews to promote his new record.
Cat Stevens : However, almost 20 years later, in 1997, the film "Rushmore" received his permission to use his songs "Here Comes My Baby" and "The Wind", showing a new willingness on his part to release his music from his Western "pop star" days.
Cat Stevens : Georgiou began performing his songs in London coffee houses and pubs.
Cat Stevens : On 15 September 2017, he released his fifteenth studio album, "The Laughing Apple".
Cat Stevens : The Israeli government had deported Islam in 2000 over allegations that he provided funding to the Palestinian organisation Hamas, but he denied doing so knowingly.
Cat Stevens : As a result of his serious illness and long convalescence, and as a part of his spiritual awakening and questioning, he wrote as many as 40 songs, many of which would appear on his albums in years to come.
Cat Stevens : Some of that success was attributed to the pirate radio station Wonderful Radio London, which gained him fans by playing his records.
Cat Stevens : In 2007, he received the Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Song Collection from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
Cat Stevens : In 1965 he signed a publishing deal with Ardmore & Beechwood and recorded several demos, including "The First Cut Is the Deepest".
Cat Stevens : According to his statement, the man on the list was named "Youssef Islam", indicating that Islam was not the suspected terrorism supporter.
Cat Stevens : Islam stated "I have never knowingly supported or given money to Hamas".
Cat Stevens : Having established a signature sound, Stevens enjoyed a string of successes over the following years.
Cat Stevens : Georgiou developed an interest in piano at a young age, eventually using the family baby grand piano to work out the chords, since no one else there played well enough to teach him.
Cat Stevens : Two of the songs, "Don't Be Shy" and "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out", were not released on any album until their inclusion in 1984 on a second "greatest hits" collection, "."
Cat Stevens : To rectify this, after signing with Island Records in 1970, an American distribution deal was arranged with A&M Records' Jerry Moss in North America.
Cat Stevens : The lead track, "Thinking 'Bout You", received its debut radio play on a BBC programme on 23 March 2009.
Cat Stevens : He invested in building his own recording studio which he named Mountain of Light Studios in the late 1990s, and he was featured as a guest singer on "God Is the Light", a song on an album of nasheeds by the group Raihan.
Cat Stevens : During the same year, he dedicated time and effort in joining the Forum Against Islamophobia and Racism, an organisation that worked towards battling misconceptions and acts against others because of their religious beliefs or their racial identity (or both), after many Muslims reported a backlash against them due in part to the grief caused by the events in the United States on 11 September.
Cat Stevens : The album was produced with Rick Nowels, who has worked with Dido and Rod Stewart.
Cat Stevens : Subsequent releases in the 1970s also did well on the charts and in ongoing sales, although they did not touch the success he had from 1970 to 1973.
Cat Stevens : On 21 April 2005 Islam gave a short talk before a scheduled musical performance in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on the anniversary of the prophet Muhammad's birthday.
Cat Stevens : In March 2006, Islam finished recording his first all-new pop album since 1978.
Cat Stevens : In 1966, at age 18, he was heard by manager/producer Mike Hurst, formerly of British vocal group the Springfields.
Cat Stevens :  Around this time, Stevens had a catalogue of new songs that reflected his new perspective on what he wanted to bring to the world with his music.
Cat Stevens : He took a one-year course at Hammersmith School of Art, considering a career as a cartoonist.
Cat Stevens : After his religious conversion in the late 1970s, Stevens stopped granting permission for his songs to be used in films.
Cat Stevens : He appeared on videotape on a VH1 pre-show for the October 2001 Concert for New York City, condemning the attacks and singing his song "Peace Train" for the first time in public in more than 20 years, as an a cappella version.
Cat Stevens : For seven months from 1971 to 1972 Stevens was romantically linked to popular singer Carly Simon while both were produced by Samwell-Smith.
Cat Stevens : He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014.
Cat Stevens : However, the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) added him to a "watch list" which provoked an international controversy and led the British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw to complain personally to the United States Secretary of State Colin Powell at the United Nations.
Cat Stevens : Realising there were few educational resources designed to teach children about the Islamic religion, Islam wrote and produced a children's album, "A Is for Allah", in 2000 with the assistance of South African singer-songwriter Zain Bhikha.
Cat Stevens : Stevens' brother David Gordon, a convert to Judaism, brought him a copy of the Qur'an as a birthday gift from a trip to Jerusalem.
Cat Stevens : The album, "An Other Cup", was released internationally in November 2006 on his own label, Ya Records (distributed by Polydor Records in the UK, and internationally by Atlantic Records)—the 40th anniversary of his first album, "Matthew and Son".
Cat Stevens : In 2007, he said that when he became a Muslim in 1977, the Imam at his mosque told him that it was fine to continue as a musician, as long as the songs were morally acceptable, but others were saying that "it was all prohibited", and he decided to avoid the question by ceasing to perform.
Cat Stevens : In 2006, he returned to pop music – releasing his first new studio album of new pop songs in 28 years, titled "An Other Cup".
Cat Stevens : Islam gradually resumed his musical career in the 1990s.
Cat Stevens : Following his conversion, Islam abandoned his musical career for nearly two decades.
Cat Stevens : In 1979, he auctioned all of his guitars for charity.
Cat Stevens : This was followed in 2000 by the inclusion of "Peace Train" in the movie "Remember the Titans", in 2000 by the use in "Almost Famous" of the song "The Wind", and in 2006 the inclusion of "Peace Train" on the soundtrack to "We Are Marshall".
Cat Stevens : His December 1967 album "New Masters" failed to chart in the United Kingdom.
Cat Stevens : He admits having purposefully sabotaged his own contract with Hurst, making outlandishly expensive orchestral demands and threatening legal action, which resulted in his goal: release from his contract with Deram Records, a sub-label of Decca Records.
Cat Stevens : Appearing with his hair freshly shorn and an untrimmed beard, he headlined a charity concert on 22 November 1979 in Wembley Stadium to benefit UNICEF's International Year of the Child.
Cat Stevens : He had looked into "Buddhism, Zen, I Ching, numerology, tarot cards, and astrology".
Cat Stevens : It yielded several hits, including "Peace Train", "Morning Has Broken", and "Moonshadow".
Cat Stevens : It sold over 1 million copies, and was awarded a gold record in 1971.
Cat Stevens : He performed "Wild World" in Nelson Mandela's 46664 concert with his former session player Peter Gabriel, the first time he had publicly performed in English in 25 years.
Cat Stevens : In July 1970, Stevens recorded one of his songs, "But I Might Die Tonight", for the Jerzy Skolimowski film, "Deep End".
Cat Stevens : With interests in both art and music, he and his mother moved to Gävle, Sweden, where he attended primary school (Solängsskolan) and started developing his drawing skills after being influenced by his uncle Hugo Wickman, a painter.
Cat Stevens : Islam wrote all of the songs except "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood", and recorded it in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Cat Stevens : In 2009, he released the album "Roadsinger", and in 2014, he released the album "Tell 'Em I'm Gone", and began his first US tour since 1978.
Cat Stevens : After a brief engagement to Louise Wightman, Islam married Fauzia Mubarak Ali on 7 September 1979, at Regent's Park Mosque in London.
Cat Stevens : His final original album under the name Cat Stevens was "Back to Earth", released in late 1978, which was also the first album produced by Samwell-Smith since his peak in single album sales in the early 1970s.
Cat Stevens : On 21 September 2004, Islam was on a United Airlines flight from London to Washington, travelling to a meeting with US entertainer Dolly Parton, who had recorded "Peace Train" several years earlier and was planning to include another Cat Stevens song on an upcoming album.
Cat Stevens : After Islam's friend, Irfan Ljubijankić, the Foreign Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina, was killed by a Serbian rocket attack, Islam appeared at a 1997 benefit concert in Sarajevo and recorded a benefit album named after a song written by Ljubijankić, "I Have No Cannons That Roar".
Cat Stevens : Over the next two years, Stevens recorded and toured with an eclectic group of artists ranging from Jimi Hendrix to Engelbert Humperdinck.
Cat Stevens : The performer is noted as "Yusuf", with a cover label identifying him as "the artist formerly known as Cat Stevens".
Cat Stevens : "Rolling Stone" magazine compared its popularity with that of Elton John's "Tumbleweed Connection", saying it was played "across the board, across radio formats".
Cat Stevens : On 9 August 2016, Islam announced "A Cat's Attic Tour", his second North American tour since 1978, beginning on 12 September 2016 at the Sony Centre for the Performing Arts in Toronto and ending on 7 October 2016 at the Pantages Theatre in Los Angeles.
Cat Stevens : "Catch Bull at Four" was Platinum certified in 2001.
Cat Stevens : Simon wrote and recorded at least two Top 50 songs, "Legend in Your Own Time" and "Anticipation" about Stevens.
Cat Stevens : Stevens formally converted to the Muslim faith on 23 December 1977, taking the name Yusuf Islam in 1978.
Cat Stevens : While on holiday in Marrakesh, Morocco, Stevens was intrigued by the sound of the adhān, the Islamic ritual call to prayer, which was explained to him as "music for God".
Cat Stevens : The concert closed with his performance along with David Essex, Alun Davies, and Islam's brother, David Gordon, who wrote the finale song "Child for a Day".
Cat Stevens : Producer Paul Samwell-Smith paired Stevens with guitarist Alun Davies, who was at that time working as a session musician.
Cat Stevens : In April 1977, his "Izitso" album updated his pop rock and folk rock style with the extensive use of synthesisers, giving it a more synthpop style.
Cat Stevens : Featuring the return of Alun Davies and best known for "Oh Very Young", "Buddha and the Chocolate Box" reached platinum status in 2001.
Cat Stevens : In December 1977, Stevens converted to Islam and adopted the name Yusuf Islam the following year.
Cat Stevens : "Izitso" included his last chart hit, "(Remember the Days of the) Old Schoolyard", an early synthpop song that used a polyphonic synthesiser; it was a duet with fellow UK singer Elkie Brooks.
Cat Stevens : Steven Georgiou, born on 21 July 1948 in the Marylebone area of London, was the youngest child of a Greek Cypriot father, Stavros Georgiou (1900–1978), and a Swedish mother, Ingrid Wickman (1915–1989).
Cat Stevens : His other hit songs include "Father and Son", "Wild World", "Moonshadow", "Peace Train", and "Morning Has Broken".
Cat Stevens : During the time he was studying the Qur'an, Stevens began to identify more and more with the story of Joseph, a man bought and sold in the market place, which is how he said he had increasingly felt within the music business.
Cat Stevens : In 2003, after repeated encouragement from within the Muslim world, Islam once again recorded "Peace Train" for a compilation CD, which also included performances by David Bowie and Paul McCartney.
Cat Stevens : The follow-up to "Foreigner" was "Buddha and the Chocolate Box", largely a return to the instrumentation and styles employed in "Teaser and the Firecat" and "Tea for the Tillerman".
Cat Stevens : The lack of success of Stevens' second album mirrored a difference of personal tastes in musical direction, and a growing resentment of producer Mike Hurst's attempts to re-create another album like that of his debut, with heavy-handed orchestration, and over-production, rather than the folk rock sound Stevens was attempting to produce.
Cat Stevens : With Krost's recommendation, Stevens signed with Paul Samwell-Smith, previously the bassist of the Yardbirds, to be his new producer.
Cat Stevens : Islam wrote a song about his 2004 exclusion from the US, titled "Boots and Sand", recorded in 2008 and featuring Paul McCartney, Dolly Parton, and Terry Sylvester.
Cat Stevens : The album is now most notable for his song "The First Cut Is the Deepest", a song he sold for £30 () to P. P. Arnold that was to become a massive hit for her, and an international hit for Keith Hampshire, Rod Stewart, James Morrison, and Sheryl Crow.
Cat Stevens : The first single released from "Mona Bone Jakon" was "Lady D'Arbanville", which Stevens wrote about his young American girlfriend Patti D'Arbanville.
Cat Stevens : "Mona Bone Jakon" was the precursor for Stevens' international breakthrough album, "Tea for the Tillerman", which became a Top 10 "Billboard" hit.
Cat Stevens : Stevens began work on "Mona Bone Jakon", a folk rock based album.
Cat Stevens : Yusuf Islam (born Steven Demetre Georgiou; ), commonly known by his stage name Cat Stevens, and later Yusuf, is a British singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Cat Stevens : "I'm Gonna Get Me a Gun" was his second UK top 10 single, reaching number 6, and the album "Matthew and Son" reached number 7 on the UK Albums Chart.
Cat Stevens : Stevens' albums "Tea for the Tillerman" (1970) and "Teaser and the Firecat" (1971) were certified triple platinum in the US by the RIAA.
Cat Stevens : As well as the Beatles, other musicians who influenced him were the Kinks, Bob Dylan, Nina Simone, blues artists Lead Belly and Muddy Waters, Biff Rose (particularly Rose's first album), Leo Kottke and Paul Simon.
Cat Stevens : In 2001, this album was certified by the RIAA as a Multi-Platinum record, having sold 3 million copies in the United States at that time.
Cat Stevens : His 1972 album "Catch Bull at Four" spent three weeks at number one on the "Billboard" 200, and fifteen weeks at number one in the Australian ARIA Charts.
Cat Stevens : 1971's "Teaser and the Firecat" album reached number two and achieved gold record status within three weeks of its release in the United States.
Cat Stevens : His 1967 debut album reached the top 10 in the UK, and its title song "Matthew and Son" reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart.
Jazz Richards : He made no further appearances during the remainder of the season.
Jazz Richards : His loan spell ended on 17 December after just 9 appearances for the Terriers.
Jazz Richards : Twelve days later, he was rewarded with a new 18-month contract.
Jazz Richards : However, the club later released video footage that showed him performing the gesture.
Jazz Richards : Richards earned £60 a week while on a scholarship with the "Swans".
Jazz Richards : He finished the season with eight appearances.
Jazz Richards : Richards represented the Wales under-17 and under-19 sides.
Jazz Richards : After starting the season as a regular in the first team, Richards suffered a training injury in September that led to him missing three months of the season.
Jazz Richards : He eventually made his return on 2 January, as unused substitute against Aston Villa.
Jazz Richards : As a result, Fulham accepted a bid from Cardiff City for Richards.
Jazz Richards : Ashley Darel Jazz Richards (born 12 April 1991) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a full-back for club Cardiff City and the Wales national team.
Jazz Richards : He made only 51 appearances for the club in all competitions during a six-year spell with the first team.
Jazz Richards : He made his debut in a goalless draw at Birmingham City, where he became embroiled in controversy after reportedly refusing to do Cardiff's traditional ayatollah gesture, performed by fans of the club, several times at the match.
Jazz Richards : At the end of January, he joined Crystal Palace on loan until the end of the season.
Jazz Richards : In his first season with Cardiff, he appeared in a career high 26 league matches.
Jazz Richards : However, ahead of the 2016–17 season, Richards was expected to lose his first team place at Fulham, with manager Slaviša Jokanović preferring Ryan Fredericks in the right-back position.
Jazz Richards : During his time with the "Swans", he spent time on loan with Crystal Palace, Huddersfield Town and Fulham, before joining the latter for an undisclosed fee in 2015.
Jazz Richards : On 2 July 2015, Swansea accepted Fulham's bid for Richards to transfer on a permanent deal.
Jazz Richards : During his loan spell, he signed a new contract with Swansea until June 2016.
Jazz Richards : At the start of the following season, Richards again suffered an injury blow early in the season, being forced to undergo surgery after hurting his ankle during 2–1 victory over Sunderland on 23 September 2017.
Jazz Richards : After Richards made 15 appearances during the 2009–10 season, he signed a new two-year deal with Swansea.
Jazz Richards : On 27 May 2012, he gained his first full international cap for Wales in their 2–0 friendly loss to Mexico in New Jersey, replacing Neil Taylor for the last ten minutes of the match.
Jazz Richards : In 2016, he returned to Cardiff City, helping the club win promotion to the Premier League in 2018.
Jazz Richards : After returning to Swansea, Richards made his first appearance of the 2013–14 season in the second leg of the Europa League qualifiers, a 0–0 draw against Malmö, helping Swansea advance 4–0 on aggregate.
Jazz Richards : On 10 September 2013, Richards joined Championship side Huddersfield Town on a 93-day emergency loan.
Jazz Richards : A versatile player who is also capable of playing at left-back and as a midfielder, Richards began his professional career at his hometown club Swansea City, having previously played youth football for their local rivals Cardiff City.
Jazz Richards : On 24 January 2015, Richards joined Championship side Fulham on a one-month loan deal.
Jazz Richards : On 19 July 2016, Richards joined Championship club Cardiff City on a three-year-deal in a swap move which saw Scott Malone join Fulham.
Jazz Richards : He went on to make 11 appearances and appeared as an unused substitute in the 2013 Championship play-off final, as Palace beat Watford 1–0 to achieve promotion to the Premier League.
Jazz Richards : After two seasons, he was released and joined the academy at their South Wales rivals Swansea City at the age of fifteen.
Jazz Richards : He returned from injury in January 2018, playing in five matches before his season was ended by a further injury.
Jazz Richards : He made his debut for the club five days later, on 30 January 2013 in a 1–0 loss against Huddersfield Town.
Jazz Richards : He made eight appearances during the 2010–11 season as Swansea went on to become the first Welsh team ever to gain promotion to the Premier League.
Jazz Richards : After spending two seasons with the academy and reserve sides, Richards made his professional debut for Swansea in a Championship match against Middlesbrough during a 3–0 loss on 15 August 2009, replacing Shaun MacDonald as a substitute in the 63rd minute.
Jazz Richards : He made his debut for the club on 31 January 2015, starting in a 2–1 loss against Blackburn Rovers.
Jazz Richards : Richards made his full international debut for Wales in 2012, and represented the nation at UEFA Euro 2016.
Mark Ravenhill : He often writes for the arts section of "The Guardian".
Mark Ravenhill : His one-man show "Product", which toured internationally after its premiere at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe, is both a satire on the post-9/11 attitudes to terrorism, and a minutely observed reflection on the limits of language and form to capture contemporary reality.
Mark Ravenhill : He studied English and Drama at Bristol University from 1984–1987, and held down jobs as a freelance director, workshop leader and drama teacher.
Mark Ravenhill : In November 2007, he announced in "the Guardian" that for the moment, he would concentrate on writing about heterosexual characters.
Mark Ravenhill : In the mid-nineties, Ravenhill was diagnosed as HIV+, his partner of the early 1990s having died from AIDS.
Mark Ravenhill : In 1997, Ravenhill became the literary director of a new writing company, Paines Plough.
Mark Ravenhill : He made his acting debut in his monologue "Product", at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Mark Ravenhill : In 2008 the Royal Court, The Gate Theatre, the National Theatre, Out of Joint, and Paines Plough collectively presented the seventeen short plays Ravenhill wrote for the 2007 Edinburgh Festival Fringe under the title "Ravenhill for Breakfast", retitled as "Shoot/Get Treasure/Repeat".
Mark Ravenhill : Mark Ravenhill (born 7 June 1966) is an English playwright, actor and journalist.
Mark Ravenhill : His play, "The Cut", opened in 2006 at the Donmar Warehouse starring Sir Ian McKellen; it divided critics with its portrait of a world dominated by the administering of a surgical procedure: the country, the year and the procedure are all unspecified.
Mark Ravenhill : While his work in the 1990s – "Shopping and Fucking", "Handbag", and "Some Explicit Polaroids" for example – may be characterised as trying to represent contemporary British society, his later work has become more formally experimental and abstract.
Mark Ravenhill : In 2009 Mark Ravenhill presented a staged reading of "A Life In Three Acts", transcripts of conversations with Bette Bourne, an actor, drag queen and equal rights activist, at the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh.
Mark Ravenhill : He grew up in West Sussex, England and cultivated an interest in theatre early in life, putting on plays with his brother when they were eight and seven, respectively.
Mark Ravenhill : His plays include "Shopping and Fucking" (first performed in 1996), "Some Explicit Polaroids" (1999) and "Mother Clap's Molly House" (2001).
Osama Hawsawi : Hawsawi began his professional football career where Al-Wehda Club and soon after, at Al-Wehda, he became a regular in the first team, playing in the central defense.
Osama Hawsawi : Hawsawi earned 138 caps for the Saudi Arabia national team between 2006 and 2018, playing at three AFC Asian Cups, captaining the side at the 2018 World Cup and finishing as runner-up at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup.
Martin Luther King III : And I'm not sure we do that.
Martin Luther King III : "The party does not do enough," he said.
Martin Luther King III : Well, it got his attention all right."
Martin Luther King III : Lowery.
Martin Luther King III : It's like there's a ghost in front of him and he's always trying to catch it."
Martin Luther King III : King was ten years old when his father was assassinated.
Martin Luther King III : One friend, Rev.
Martin Luther King III : King remains a commissioner in the company as of 2008.
Martin Luther King III : Comedian Dick Gregory participated in the program as well.
Martin Luther King III : King's answer is said to have shocked the host.
Martin Luther King III : I think we have to find a way to hold the parties accountable.
Martin Luther King III : "It's our responsibility to hold the party accountable.
Martin Luther King III : Martin King added, "We are definitely working together.
Martin Luther King III : "I sit beside my successor, to assure him of my love and support," said Rev.
Martin Luther King III : My brother and sister and I are constantly in communication ...
Martin Luther King III : Young said of the suspension, "I felt we had to use a two-by-four to get his attention.
Martin Luther King III : "While I'm not leading a group and I'm not having direct conversations ...
Martin Luther King III : Jesse Jackson all pledged their support for King.
Martin Luther King III : Bernice Albertine King.
Martin Luther King III : When he was eight years old and only in the third grade, he began to endure racial comments and insults from a Caucasian boy in his class, who also happened to like to draw.
Martin Luther King III : King was reinstated only one week later after promising to take a more active role.
Martin Luther King III : In October 2009, Martin and his siblings settled the lawsuit out of court.
Martin Luther King III : He was defeated for reelection after revealing that he owed the federal government more than $200,000 in back taxes and fines.
Martin Luther King III : He went on to say that he believed there should be communication between African-Americans and the Tea Party Movement, saying "the only way you change is you have to be at least communicating".
Martin Luther King III : In 1990, he apologized to all homosexuals for mentioning that "something may be wrong" with them during a meeting with some middle school students, both meeting with some gay-rights leaders to hear their concerns and referring to his remarks as "uninformed and insensitive".
Martin Luther King III : King appeared on MSNBC's "The Cycle" on May 9, 2014.
Martin Luther King III : "This was blown up way out of proportion," King told the Associated Press.
Martin Luther King III : King lived with his mother in his childhood home until his adulthood.
Martin Luther King III : degree in political science from Morehouse in 1979.
Martin Luther King III : There, he visited the Lorraine Hotel for the first time since his father's death and placed a wreath where he stood before being shot.
Martin Luther King III : They were raised in Vine City, an urban neighborhood in Atlanta, Georgia.
Martin Luther King III : In February 2009, King and his wife traveled to India, fifty years after his father and mother made the trip.
Martin Luther King III : He was asked by co-host Touré if he believed that Democratic Party has done enough to get the overwhelming support from African-Americans it receives.
Martin Luther King III : "It's the right time, and Martin is in the right place to take this great organization forward," Dexter King said in a statement.
Martin Luther King III : King said he also planned to concentrate on racial profiling, prisoners' rights and closing the digital divide between whites and blacks.
Martin Luther King III : King attended Brown's funeral on August 25.
Martin Luther King III : The event coincided with Glenn Beck's Restoring Honor rally planned for the same day on the eastern part of the Mall.
Martin Luther King III : After he attended The Galloway School, King attended Morehouse College, the same school where his father, grandfather, and great-grandfather attended.
Martin Luther King III : Alongside Kerry Kennedy, King opposed the death penalty in 1989, stating "If we believed in an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, most of us would be without eyes and without teeth."
Martin Luther King III : He has also developed a $100 million renovation plan to upgrade The King Center's Freedom Hall Complex, the first major improvement in the Center's site and facilities in its 30-year history.
Martin Luther King III : The event marked the 45th anniversary of the "I Have a Dream" speech and the first time an African American accepted the presidential nomination of a major party.
Martin Luther King III : During his service as a commissioner in Fulton County, King expressed appreciation to an officer who potentially saved his mother from harm from a crazed man.
Martin Luther King III : He also spoke as a campus guest speaker at SUNY Canton on February 23, 2010, at the College Union Board's invitation.
Martin Luther King III : He also hired Lamell J. McMorris, an executive director who, according to "The New York Times", "rubbed board members the wrong way."
Martin Luther King III : E. Randel T. Osburn, said of King, "Watching him is like watching somebody trying to outrun themselves.
Martin Luther King III : Martin, Bernice, and Dexter have each expressed love for each other and hope that they will reconcile once their legal matters have been resolved.
Martin Luther King III : Years prior to his father's death, Harry Belafonte set up a trust fund for King and his siblings.
Martin Luther King III : However, King also suggested the group needed a new approach, stating, "We must not allow our lust for 'temporal gratification' to blind us from making difficult decisions to effect future generations."
Martin Luther King III : King wrote a "Washington Post" op-ed column offering measured criticism of Beck's event:
Martin Luther King III : King was the fourth president of the group, which sought to fight police brutality and start new local chapters during the first years of his tenure.
Martin Luther King III : Joseph Lowery, former United Nations Ambassador Andrew Young and Rev.
Martin Luther King III : Dexter claimed he made numerous attempts to get his siblings to stop such misuses of power but was unsuccessful.
Martin Luther King III : In January 2011, it was reported that King will attempt to become a "strategic partner" in the New York Mets baseball team.
Martin Luther King III : However, he also warned that his father's dream would not be completely fulfilled even if Obama won the presidency, because the country was suffering from a poor health care system, education system, housing market and justice system, and that "we all have to roll up our sleeves and do work to ensure that the dream that he shared can be fulfilled."
Martin Luther King III : Bernice King said she is "proud that my brothers and I are speaking with one voice to communicate our parents' legacy to the world."
Martin Luther King III : In a rally on August 5, 2001, in Montgomery, SCLC leaders, including Rev.
Martin Luther King III : King denounced the war in Iraq and the Mumbai attacks during a lecture at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations.
Martin Luther King III : King served as an elected county commission member in Fulton County, Georgia, the county encompassing most of Atlanta, from 1987 to 1993.
Martin Luther King III : King was further criticized for failing to join the battle against AIDS, allegedly because he feels uncomfortable talking about condoms.
Martin Luther King III : In 2006, King founded an organization called Realizing the Dream, which has been absorbed into The King Center under King as president.
Martin Luther King III : King was among the co-founders of Bounce TV, a black-oriented digital broadcasting network.
Martin Luther King III : His mother had reservations about naming him after his famous father, "realizing the burdens it can create for the child," but King Jr. always wanted to name his son Martin Luther III.
Martin Luther King III : To commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the March on Washington, King traveled to Washington, along with other civil rights leaders.
Martin Luther King III : King's birth caused much of his mother's time to be taken away from her artistry and she spent the remainder of his birth year caring for him and his older sister Yolanda.
Martin Luther King III : On an interview with Fox News, King said his father would be "greatly disappointed" with the violence that occurred in Ferguson after the grand jury verdict.
Martin Luther King III : King said his father would be "proud of Barack Obama, proud of the party that nominated him, and proud of the America that will elect him."
Martin Luther King III : On March 29, 2008, King threw out the first pitch at the Major League Baseball Civil Rights Game.
Martin Luther King III : Within only a few months of taking the position, however, King was criticized by the SCLC board for failing to answer their correspondence or to take up issues important to the organization.
Martin Luther King III : In New Delhi, King visited museums on Mahatma Gandhi's life and answered questions from students.
Martin Luther King III : She was named after her aunt, Yolanda King, who had died of a heart condition at age 51 in Santa Monica, California, the previous year.
Martin Luther King III : During his stay in India, King led a delegation, which included John Lewis and Andrew Young.
Martin Luther King III : On June 9, 1986, he announced his candidacy for the Fulton County Commission, becoming the first of his father's immediate family to become directly involved in politics.
Martin Luther King III : As he spoke to those who participated in the march, King called for them to continue his father's fight and promoted Realizing the Dream, which he said sought to eliminate poverty.
Martin Luther King III : According to the suit, Dexter failed to keep Martin and Bernice informed about the company's financial affairs.
Martin Luther King III : King was present at a rally with Michael Brown's parents on August 17.
Martin Luther King III : King has been described as a shy man who rarely socialized, and friends have claimed he tends to overwork, in part due to the pressure to live up to his father's name.
Martin Luther King III : The Southern Christian Leadership Conference suspended King from the presidency in June 2001, concerned that he was letting the organization drift into inaction.
Martin Luther King III : King's birth occurred as his father was speaking to members of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and he announced his son's name after being told of the birth.
Martin Luther King III : On November 17, 2011, King and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka co-authored an article for CNN, calling for reforms to end oppressive immigration laws.
Martin Luther King III : King led a mass march in Atlanta and spoke to a crowd of supporters at the Georgia state capitol, urging them to "defend the collective bargaining rights of teachers, bus drivers, police, firefighters and other public service workers, who educate, protect and serve our children and families."
Martin Luther King III : In 1997, King was unanimously elected to head the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), a civil rights organization his father founded.
Martin Luther King III : Although critics said the lawsuit was at odds with their father's message and legacy, King III maintained it was in keeping with his history of negotiation and nonviolent direct action, claiming, "My father also used the court system."
Martin Luther King III : Yolanda Renee appeared with her family at the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington celebration, where President Obama and various leaders and other notable persons were charmed by her presence.
Martin Luther King III : On February 5, 2006, King, accompanied by the nieces and nephews of Rosa Parks, presented the ceremonial coin at Super Bowl XL.
Martin Luther King III : In January 2000, King joined members of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in getting tested for prostate cancer during a program of the group aimed encouraging aging African-American men to do the same.
Martin Luther King III : In August 2013, King went to Philadelphia, where he joined Mayor Michael Nutter in announcing the city's joining of a national campaign on poverty, jobs and education.
Martin Luther King III : The board also felt he failed to demonstrate against national issues the SCLC would previously have protested, including the disenfranchisement of black voters in the Florida election recount and time limits on welfare recipients implemented by then-President Bill Clinton.
Martin Luther King III : On April 4, 2011, the 43rd anniversary of the assassination of his father, King helped to lead nationwide demonstrations against initiatives to eliminate and undermine collective bargaining rights of public workers in Wisconsin and other states.
Martin Luther King III : On September 29, 2015, King was awarded the Humanitarian Award by the Montreal Black Film Festival.
Martin Luther King III : On November 21, 2013, King spoke at DePauw University regarding his memories of John F. Kennedy's assassination.
Martin Luther King III : After he was reinstated, King prepared a four-year plan outlining a stronger direction for the organization, agreeing to dismiss McMorris and announcing plans to present a strong challenge to the Bush administration in an August convention in Montgomery, Alabama.
Martin Luther King III : Among the claims in the suit were that Martin improperly kept a $55,000 Lincoln Navigator SUV donated to the King Center for his own personal use, and that he "commandeered a reception" being held at the King Center and "turned it into his own wedding reception."
Martin Luther King III : In August 2014, King addressed the shooting of Michael Brown and reported that he would come to Ferguson, Missouri.
Martin Luther King III : On April 4, 2008, the fortieth anniversary of his father's death, King and Al Sharpton led a march around Memphis, Tennessee.
Martin Luther King III : Along with Reverend Al Sharpton and a number of other civil rights leaders, on August 28, 2010, King took part in the 'Reclaim the Dream' commemorative march, marking the 47th anniversary of the historic Great March on Washington.
Martin Luther King III : In addition, King launched "The King Center Audio and Visual Digitization Project" in partnership with Syracuse University which will "preserve and digitize some 3,500 hours of audio and video footage" of his father.
Martin Luther King III : In February 2008, Martin Luther King III married longtime girlfriend Arndrea Waters.
Martin Luther King III : On April 4, 2000, the thirty-second anniversary of his father's death, King joined his mother, brother, sister Bernice and aunt Christine King Ferris in going to his father's tomb.
Martin Luther King III : In October 2008, Martin Luther King III had not seen his brother since June, and Dexter had yet to meet his niece, Yolanda.
Martin Luther King III : The group's national chairman at the time, Claud Young, sent a June 25 letter to King that read, "You have consistently been insubordinate and displayed inappropriate, obstinate behavior in the (negligent) carrying out of your duties as president of SCLC."
Martin Luther King III : They spoke at Dunbar High School in Washington, D.C. followed by a reassemblage at the site of the future Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial location in the center of the National Mall.
Martin Luther King III : On September 19, 2010, King received the Ramakrishna Bajaj Memorial Global Award for outstanding contributions to the promotion of human rights at the 26th Anniversary Global Awards of the Priyadarshni Academy in Mumbai, India.
Martin Luther King III : King is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, as was his father.
Martin Luther King III : Martin Luther King III spoke on behalf of the 2008 Democratic Party presidential nominee, Senator Barack Obama, at the Democratic National Convention on August 28, 2008.
Martin Luther King III : Under King's leadership, the SCLC held hearings on police brutality, organized a rally for the 37th anniversary of the "I Have a Dream" speech and launched a successful campaign to change the Georgia state flag, which previously featured a large Confederate cross.
Martin Luther King III : CEO Dexter King had accused Martin of establishing the foundation to make money off their parents' legacy that should go to the King Center.
Martin Luther King III : Martin Luther King III gave a tribute at Michael Jackson's memorial service on July 7, 2009, and spoke at Jackson's funeral at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, alongside his sister, Bernice.
Martin Luther King III : The coin was then tossed by New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to end the pregame ceremonies, which included a dedication and moment of silence to the memories of Parks and Scott-King and a performance of the Star-Spangled Banner by Dr. John, Aaron Neville and Aretha Franklin accompanied by the Alabama State and Clark Atlanta University choirs.
Martin Luther King III : On January 19, 2009, the Martin Luther King Jr. national holiday, King joined Obama in painting and refurbishing the Sasha Bruce Youthwork shelter for homeless teens in Northeast Washington for the nationwide day of community service.
Martin Luther King III : As president of The King Center, King has been credited with spearheading an innovative "King Center Imaging Project" in partnership with JPMorgan Chase, which is digitizing and photographing an estimated 200,000 historic documents, including his father's speeches, sermons, correspondence and other writings and making the documents available on-line to the world.
Martin Luther King III : Martin Luther King III (born October 23, 1957) is an American human rights advocate and community activist.
Martin Luther King III : Also in 1993, King helped found the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. Inc., the company that manages the license of Martin Luther King Jr.'s image and intellectual property.
Martin Luther King III : It alleged the company's assets were being "misapplied or wasted," and demanded that Dexter produce documents pertaining to the 2006 sale of some of Martin Luther King Jr.'s documents.
Martin Luther King III : King III's lawyer, Jock Smith, denied the allegations as petty and misguided, and said the suit demonstrates Dexter King's misuse of power and his history of making poor decisions involving the Center without seeking proper input from his siblings.
Martin Luther King III : On June 26, 1985, King was arrested, along with his mother and his sister Bernice, while taking part in an anti-apartheid protest at the Embassy of South Africa in Washington, D.C. On January 7, 1986, Martin Luther King III and his sisters were arrested for "disorderly conduct" by officers deployed to a Winn Dixie supermarket, which had been the subject of some protesting since September of the previous year.
Martin Luther King III : Martin Luther King III has three siblings; the late Yolanda Denise King, Dexter Scott King and Rev.
Martin Luther King III : Dexter filed a similar countersuit against Martin and Bernice on August 18, 2008, claiming they breached their duties to the King Center and their father's estate, misused assets belonging to the center and kept money that should have gone back to the center and estate.
Martin Luther King III : On May 25, 2008, the couple had a daughter, Yolanda Renee King, the first and only grandchild of Martin Luther King and Coretta Scott King.
Martin Luther King III : On April 6, 2010, Martin Luther King III, brother Dexter King, and sister Bernice King issued a joint statement, announcing the re-election of Martin Luther King III as President and CEO of The King Center.
Martin Luther King III : Martin Luther King III was born on October 23, 1957, to civil rights advocates Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : '.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : He studied Law at the University of León, graduating in 1982.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : At the end of the year, the Mad Cow disease came back into the spotlight after its outbreak in 1996.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : One of the most important points of friction was the absence of televised debates between the candidates.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : The attacks took place three days before the General Election and all electoral activities were suspended.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Several commuter trains were bombed, causing 191 deaths and outrage all over Spain.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In 2000, the British nuclear submarine arrived at Gibraltar harbour to have its nuclear reactor repaired.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 11 March 2004 the most deadly peacetime attacks in Spanish history took place.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In this regard, a majority of 74% of the Spanish people were against Spanish involvement in the war.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : A General Strike was announced for 20 June 2002 (the first since Aznar won the election in 1996).
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : They married on 27 January 1990 and have two daughters named Laura (b.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In 1995, new regional and local elections were held.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero was the main proponent of the "Pacto de las Libertades contra el Terrorismo" ("Anti Terrorist Freedom pact) which was signed on 8 December 2000.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero repeatedly criticized the Government's management of the crisis arguing that it was out of control.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Some months after withdrawing the troops, the Zapatero government agreed to increase the number of Spanish soldiers in Afghanistan and to send troops to Haiti to show the Spanish Government's willingness to spend resources on international missions approved by the United Nations.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : After graduating, Zapatero worked as a teaching assistant in constitutional law at the University of León until 1986 (he continued working some hours a week without pay until 1991).
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : A regional election was held in the Basque Country on 13 May 2001.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero was a "dark horse" who had against him his inexperience and in favour his image of reform and being the only MP among the candidates.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero's criticisms of the government were very active from the beginning, blaming the government for its inability to control the rise in the price of fossil fuel and asking for a reduction in the corresponding taxes.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In 1986, he was elected to represent the province of León in the Cortes (Parliament), becoming its youngest member after the election held on 20 June.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero held his seat, but the Socialist Party obtained only 125 seats, 16 fewer than in 1996.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : After the election took place, winner George W. Bush did not return Zapatero's congratulation phone call, though the White House firmly denied that Bush's intention was to snub the Spanish prime minister.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Among them, Zapatero who considered any action against Saddam's regime to be illegal and was opposed to the very concept of preemptive war.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In 1996, after the General Election, Zapatero kept his seat at the Congress of Deputies.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 30 December 2006 the ceasefire was broken when a car bomb exploded in Madrid's International Airport, Barajas and ETA claimed authorship.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 9 February 2012 he assumed as member of the Council of State.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 19 December 2001 Zapatero travelled to Morocco, after the Moroccan government expelled the Spanish ambassador sine die.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 25 June 2000 Zapatero officially announced his intention to run for the federal Secretaryship General at an Extraordinary Conference of the Socialist Party of León.</ref>
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 1 January 2010, Spain assumed the Presidency of the European Union for the first six months of the 18-month 'Trio' along with Belgium and Hungary.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : A 'Yes' vote was supported by the Socialist Party and the People's Party and as a result almost 77% voted in favour of the European Constitution, but turnout was around 43%.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 12 March 2000, the PSOE had lost its second successive election to José María Aznar's People's Party.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero finally won by a relatively small margin (he obtained 414 votes out of 995 and José Bono obtained 405) on 22 July 2000.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In 2002, Zapatero was chosen as the Socialist candidate for the next general election.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero (; born 4 August 1960) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : In January 2011 Spain's Unemployment Rate had risen to 20.33% exceeding his target rate of 19.4%.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Among the main actions taken by the Zapatero administration were the withdrawal of Spanish troops from the Iraq war, the increase of Spanish troops in Afghanistan; the idea of an Alliance of Civilizations; the legalisation of same-sex marriage in Spain; reform of abortion law; a peace negotiation attempt with ETA; increase of tobacco restrictions; and the reform of various autonomous statutes, particularly the Statute of Catalonia.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : On 5 June 2007, ETA declared this ceasefire over.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : During the campaign, Zapatero harshly criticized the People's Party for its management of the "Prestige" crisis, its attitude towards the invasion of Iraq and the high cost of housing.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero ran against three other opponents (José Bono, Rosa Díez and Matilde Fernández).
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : Zapatero was finally reelected secretary general with 68% of the ballots in the 7th Regional Conference held in July 1994, following the removal of the false memberships.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : The following year, Zapatero was again elected Secretary General of León and after the national conference held by the party that year he entered the National Executive (the party's governing body).
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : His paternal grandfather, Juan Rodríguez y Lozano (28 July 1893 – Puente Castro, León, 18 August 1936), was a Republican captain, executed by Francisco Franco's National army a month into the Spanish Civil War, for refusing to fight with them.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : He left the Council of State in 2015 in order to become the President of the Advisory Board of the Institute for Cultural Diplomacy, a Berlin-based organization trying to foster intercultural relations.
José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero : He left the Council of State in 2015 in order to become the President of the Advisory Board of the Institute for Cultural Diplomacy, a Berlin-based organization trying to foster intercultural relations.
Marián Masný : Kevin Keegan described Masný as "one of the world's most skilful wingers".
Marián Masný : He played most of his career for Slovan Bratislava from 1968 to 1989 and also played briefly for Petržalka before he retired in 1990.
Marián Masný : Marián Masný (born 13 August 1950 in Rybany) is a Slovak former football player.
Marián Masný : Masný started out at amateur football clubs Jednota Trenčin and then Dukla Banska Bystrica before joining professional team played Slovan Bratislava.
Marián Masný : He was a participant at the 1976 UEFA European Championship, where Czechoslovakia won the gold medal, and at the 1980 UEFA European Championship where they came third and at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Peter Møller : Peter Møller-Nielsen (born 23 March 1972) is a Danish former professional football player who became a sports journalist after ending his football career in December 2005.
Emanuel Berg : Emanuel Berg (born 28 December 1981) is a Swedish chess grandmaster.
Emanuel Berg : At the Najdorf Memorial in Warsaw, he placed joint second with Tomi Nyback, after Krishnan Sasikiran.
Christoph Waltz : Waltz studied acting at the Max Reinhardt Seminar in Vienna.
Christoph Waltz : He started as a stage actor, performing at venues such as Zurich's Schauspielhaus Zürich, Vienna's Burgtheater, and the Salzburg Festival.
Christoph Waltz : Christoph Waltz (; born 4 October 1956) is a German-Austrian actor and director, mainly active in the United States.
Christoph Waltz : Waltz's native language is German, and he also speaks both English and French fluently.
Christoph Waltz : In Quentin Tarantino's 2009 film "Inglourious Basterds", Waltz portrayed SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa, also known as "The Jew Hunter".
Roberto Laiseka : Roberto Laiseka Jaio (born 1969-06-17 in Guernica) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer.
Roberto Laiseka : He retired in 2006 after he couldn't recover from a knee injury in 2006 Giro d'Italia.
Dani Pedrosa : In the end, Pedrosa failed to become champion after his DNF in Australia.
Dani Pedrosa : He finished the 2012 season as runner-up to Lorenzo with 332 points, the highest number of points ever gained without taking the title at the time.
Dani Pedrosa : He was a 125 cc world champion in 2003, and is the youngest world champion in 250 cc Grands Prix in the 2004 season.
Dani Pedrosa : However, Pedrosa had to start the race from the back, due to a rules infraction relating to the start procedure.
Dani Pedrosa : Daniel Pedrosa Ramal (born 29 September 1985) is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle racer who retired from competition at the end of the season.
Dani Pedrosa : He followed that victory up with another at Brno, prevailing after a final-lap battle with main title rival Jorge Lorenzo.
Dani Pedrosa : He crashed out during the race, but finished the next three races in second place, before winning his third race of the season – and the 400th race win by a Spanish rider – in Japan, where his title chances in 2010 had ended; and moved within one point of teammate Dovizioso for third place in the championship.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa's front tyre warmer became stuck just before his bike was restarted; the bike was removed from the grid – to be replaced by the back-up bike – but the tyre warmer was removed at the last moment and the bike was restored to the grid.
Dani Pedrosa : He finished third at Laguna Seca the following weekend, before taking his first pole position of the season at the Czech Grand Prix.
Dani Pedrosa : He had managed to make his way into the top ten on the opening lap before he was taken out by Héctor Barberá, losing ground to Lorenzo, who won the race.
Dani Pedrosa : Simoncelli was given a ride-through penalty, while the fall left Pedrosa with a broken collarbone, which ruled him out until July's Italian Grand Prix, where he finished in eighth place.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa remained with Repsol Honda for the season.
Dani Pedrosa : Following the summer break, Pedrosa scored his second victory of the season at Indianapolis, winning from pole position as well as setting a lap record during the race.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa finished six of the first seven races on the podium, with a best result of second on three occasions.
Dani Pedrosa : At the Italian Grand Prix, it was announced that Pedrosa had signed a two-year contract extension with the Repsol Honda team from onwards, and would be partnered by Moto2 front-runner Marc Márquez.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa finished that weekend's race second, before a third place at the United States Grand Prix.
Dani Pedrosa : At Misano, Pedrosa qualified on pole for the race, which was then delayed after Karel Abraham's Ducati stalled just before the start, forcing the riders to complete a second parade lap.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa claimed his second victory of the season at the German Grand Prix, after taking advantage of an error by Lorenzo with nine laps left in the race.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa won four races in 2010 and finished second in the championship standings behind Jorge Lorenzo.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa took podium placings in the opening three races of the season, culminating in a victory at the Portuguese Grand Prix in May.
Dani Pedrosa : He won his first race of the season at the German Grand Prix, winning at the Sachsenring for the third year in succession; Pedrosa and Stoner had been running one-two in the race, before Stoner crashed on the final lap.
Dani Pedrosa : Dovizioso finished ahead of Pedrosa in both Australia and Valencia, while the Malaysian race, in which Pedrosa had qualified on pole for, was cancelled due to the death of Simoncelli in the first attempt to run the race.
Dani Pedrosa : In the Aragon Grand Prix, Pedrosa qualified second but took the victory, after passing Lorenzo on lap seven; the result allowed Pedrosa to close the championship gap to 33 points.
Dani Pedrosa : Pedrosa remained with an expanded three-rider Repsol Honda team in , partnering Andrea Dovizioso and Casey Stoner.
Dani Pedrosa : On lap 18 of the following race in France, Pedrosa was involved in an incident with Gresini Racing's Marco Simoncelli while fighting over second place in the race; Simoncelli passed Pedrosa on the outside line into the "Chemin aux Boeufs", but pulled in front of Pedrosa and as a result, Pedrosa clipped Simoncelli's rear wheel and fell to the ground.
Derlis Gómez : He was named in his country's squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, though he did not start for the team.
Derlis Gómez : Derlis Venancio Gómez López (born 2 November 1972 in Ypacaraí) is a Paraguayan footballer.
Derlis Gómez : He plays as a goalkeeper for 12 de Octubre in Paraguay.
Ezequiel Lavezzi : On 17 February 2016, Lavezzi signed with Hebei China Fortune on a two-year deal where it is reported he will earn £10 million a year.
Ezequiel Lavezzi : Lavezzi won his first piece of silverware with Napoli on 20 May 2012 as the club defeated Juventus 2–0 in the Coppa Italia final.
Ezequiel Lavezzi : Ezequiel Iván Lavezzi (; born 3 May 1985) is a retired Argentine professional footballer who last played for Chinese club Hebei China Fortune and the Argentina national team as a forward.
Osvaldo Castro : Castro started his career Chilean club Unión La Calera in 1965, before joining Deportes Concepción.
Osvaldo Castro : Osvaldo Castro Pelayos (born 17 October 1948) is a retired Chilean footballer who played league football for clubs in Chile and Mexico, as well as playing international football for Chile.
Osvaldo Castro : Castro joined Club Jalisco for the 1975–76 season, scoring 26 goals in 32 league appearances.
Marius Trésor : He obtained 65 international caps, scoring four goals.
Marius Trésor : Trésor's career began with the French club Ajaccio.
Marius Trésor : With Marseille, he won the French Cup in 1976.
Marius Trésor : For the French national team, Trésor played in the World Cup in 1978 and 1982.
Marius Trésor : He also won the Ligue 1 title in 1984 with Girondins de Bordeaux.
Antonio Baseotto : And if drugs are good business, he sells drugs...".
Antonio Baseotto : In 1992 Baseotto was appointed bishop of his diocese.
Antonio Baseotto : On 10 December 2004, during the Mass of the Dead for the Country, Baseotto justified the violations of human rights committed during the so-called Dirty War: "It was a war, and in a war it is impossible to avoid excesses".
Antonio Baseotto : In the 1980s, he served in the diocese of Añatuya, Santiago del Estero, a province ruled in a quasi-feudalistic fashion by the indefinitely-reelected old-time Peronist Carlos Juárez.
Antonio Baseotto : Antonio Baseotto (b. Añatuya, April 4, 1932) was a Roman Catholic bishop from Argentina.
Antonio Baseotto : On 18 February 2005, Baseotto became a national focus of controversy after he sent a letter to the national Minister of Health Ginés González García, accusing him of committing "apology of crime" because of the minister's support for the legalization of abortion in Argentina.
Antonio Baseotto : Baseotto was born on April 4, 1932 and ordained as a priest in 1957.
Jean Tigana : In October 2005, after more than two years out of the game, he signed a two and a half year contract with Turkish side Beşiktaş.
Jean Tigana : The club later took him to court, claiming he had wrongly overpaid for certain players such as Steve Marlet, but the charges were dropped.
Jean Tigana : He took over as manager of English club Fulham in April 2000 and helped them to promotion from the Division One to the FA Premier League as champions in his first full season.
Jean Tigana : He represented France, and as an international Tigana joined Michel Platini, Luis Fernandez and Alain Giresse in what was termed "the Magic Square" (le Carré Magique) – one of the great midfield foursomes of all time.
Jean Tigana : He most recently coached Chinese Super League outfit Shanghai Shenhua.
Jean Tigana : Tigana was born in Bamako, French Sudan (now Mali) to a Malian father and a French mother.
Jean Tigana : Tigana's single international goal came against Hungary in the 1986 FIFA World Cup finals, in which France managed a third-place finish.
Jean Tigana : He was part of the French national football team that won the European Championship in 1984, defeating Spain in the final.
Jean Tigana : In Bordeaux's midfield for eight years, Tigana helped them to three league titles and three French cups, as well as taking them close to European glory on two occasions, losing in the semi-final of the European Cup and Cup Winners' Cup in 1985 and 1987 respectively.
Jean Tigana : He moved to Lyon in 1978 and then to Bordeaux in a $4 million transfer.
Martin Freeman : On 22 December 2016, Freeman announced in an article in the "Financial Times" that he and Abbington had separated.
Martin Freeman : Freeman is a supporter of the Labour Party.
Martin Freeman : His parents, Philomena (née Norris) and Geoffrey Freeman, a naval officer, separated when Freeman was a child.
Martin Freeman : Freeman is a close friend of actor Simon Pegg, who is godfather to his son, Joe.
David Ginola : He hosts 'Match of ze Day' ('MozD'), a program which broadcasts live Premier League matches on Canal+.
David Ginola : Despite this, Newcastle finished second again, being narrowly overtaken by Manchester United.
David Ginola : Ginola was inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame on 11 December 2008.
David Ginola : In July 2000, Ginola joined Aston Villa for a transfer fee of £3 million.
David Ginola : In 1995, Ginola joined Newcastle United for £2.5 million.
David Ginola : In 2008, Ginola received a silver medal at the International Wine Challenge for a rosé wine produced at his vineyard in Provence.
David Ginola : Ginola was born in Gassin, a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
David Ginola : David Désiré Marc Ginola (; born 25 January 1967) is a French former international football player who has also worked as an actor, model and football pundit.
David Ginola : Halfway through the season, Kevin Keegan suddenly resigned as manager to be succeeded by Kenny Dalglish.
David Ginola : In 1999, Dutch legend Johan Cruijff remarked that it was his belief that Ginola was currently the best player in the world.
David Ginola : In 1987, Ginola played for the France under-21 team at the Toulon Tournament.
David Ginola : Furthermore, between 1992 and 1995, his stellar displays in European competitions against the Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona had attracted media attention in Spain, with local media dubbing him ""El Magnifico"".
David Ginola : The ball was collected by Emil Kremenliev, who launched a lightning Bulgarian counterattack which resulted in Emil Kostadinov scoring the winning goal.
David McKee : While still at college, he started selling one-off cartoons, particularly to the national press.
David McKee : The company King Rollo Films was started.
David McKee : After attending the local grammar school he studied at Plymouth College of Art.
Felipe Gutiérrez : Four years later, after being scouted, he moved to Universidad Católica.
Felipe Gutiérrez : He was also voted "revelation of the season" by readers of the Chilean edition of the "El Grafico" magazine.
Felipe Gutiérrez : In the 2012 Apertura, he became the club's top scorer with seven goals, including scoring two braces against Cobreloa and Cobresal.
Felipe Gutiérrez : Felipe Alejandro Gutiérrez Leiva (; born 8 October 1990) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sporting Kansas City.
Felipe Gutiérrez : Gutiérrez made his professional debut for the club on 2 August 2012 in the third qualifying round of the Europa League against FK Mlada Boleslav, being substituted on in the 73rd minute.
Felipe Gutiérrez : He scored his first goal for Twente on 30 August 2012 in a Europa League play-off match against Bursaspor in a 4–1 win, helping the Dutch team qualify for the group stage.
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey has been married twice.
Patrick Dempsey : "I have never given up."
Patrick Dempsey : The project has not been able to find a director.
Patrick Dempsey : The couple divorced on 26 April 1994.
Patrick Dempsey : His first major television role was a three-episode stint as Will Truman's closeted sportscaster boyfriend on "Will & Grace".
Patrick Dempsey : His audition was successful, and he spent the following four months touring with the company in Philadelphia.
Patrick Dempsey : He went on to play the role of Aaron Brooks on "Once & Again".
Patrick Dempsey : He also voiced the character Kenai in "Brother Bear" sequel "Brother Bear 2", replacing Joaquin Phoenix.
Patrick Dempsey : He attended Buckfield High School and St. Dominic Regional High School, and after moving to Houston attended Willowridge High School.
Patrick Dempsey : In 2000, he played Detective Kincaid in "Scream 3".
Patrick Dempsey : He received good reviews, however, as he portrayed real-life Mob boss, Meyer Lansky in 1991 when "Mobsters" was put on the screen.
Patrick Dempsey : In 1993, he played a young John F. Kennedy in the two-part TV mini-series "".
Patrick Dempsey : He told Barbara Walters on her 2008 Oscar special that he thinks dyslexia made him what he is today.
Patrick Dempsey : He starred as Dylan Gould in "" (2011).
Patrick Dempsey : He followed this with another tour, "Brighton Beach Memoirs", in the lead role, which was directed by Gene Saks.
Patrick Dempsey : The couple have three children, daughter Talula Fyfe (born February 20, 2002), and twin sons Sullivan Patrick and Darby Galen (born February 1, 2007).
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey made several featured appearances in television in the 1990s; he was cast several times in pilots that were not picked up for a full season, including lead roles in the TV versions of the films "The Player" and "About A Boy".
Patrick Dempsey : Universal Pictures acquired the rights to the prize-winning novel "The Art of Racing in the Rain" in July 2009, for Dempsey to star in.
Patrick Dempsey : He has since starred in other films, including "Brother Bear 2" (2006), "Enchanted" (2007), "Made of Honor" (2008), "Valentine's Day" (2010), "Flypaper" (2011), "Freedom Writers" (2007), "" (2011), and "Bridget Jones's Baby" (2016).
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey received an Emmy nomination in 2001 as Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series for the role of Aaron.
Patrick Dempsey : This was followed by the teen comedy "Can't Buy Me Love" in 1987 with actress Amanda Peterson and "Some Girls" with Jennifer Connelly in 1988.
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey's most recent roles include the 2008 film "Made of Honor" as Tom, and the 2010 romantic comedy "Valentine's Day"; the latter film follows five interconnecting stories about Los Angelinos anticipating (or in some cases dreading) the holiday of love.
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey's first major feature film role was at age 21 with Beverly D'Angelo in the movie "In The Mood", the actual World War II story about Ellsworth Wisecarver whose relationships with older married women created a national uproar.
Patrick Dempsey : In 1989, Dempsey had the lead role in the films "Loverboy" with actress Kirstie Alley and "Happy Together" with actress Helen Slater.
Patrick Dempsey : Dempsey has also made notable appearances in the stage productions of "On Golden Pond", with the Maine Acting Company, and as Timmy (the Martin Sheen role) in a 1990 Off-Broadway revival of "The Subject Was Roses" co-starring with John Mahoney and Dana Ivey at the Roundabout Theatre in New York.
Geert Lovink : Geert Lovink (born 1959, Amsterdam) is the founding director of the Institute of Network Cultures, whose goals are to explore, document and feed the potential for socio-economical change of the new media field through events, publications and open dialogue.
Geert Lovink : Lovink earned his master's degree in political science at the University of Amsterdam, holds a PhD from the University of Melbourne and has been a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Queensland.
David Córcoles : David Córcoles Alcaraz (born 8 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CF Vilamarxant as a right back.
David Córcoles : On 5 December 2006 he played his first game with the first team of the latter, coming on as a substitute for Miguel Pallardó in the last minute of the 0–1 group stage loss against A.S. Roma for the UEFA Champions League; in La Liga's last round, also in that season, he featured the full 90 minutes of a 3–3 home draw to Real Sociedad.
Jason Richardson : On August 18, 2015, Richardson signed with the Atlanta Hawks.
Jason Richardson : Jason Anthoney Richardson (born January 20, 1981) is an American former professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Jason Richardson : On August 10, 2012, Richardson was traded to the Philadelphia 76ers in a four-team deal which sent Dwight Howard to the Los Angeles Lakers.
Jason Richardson : On December 10, 2008, Richardson was traded along with Jared Dudley, and a 2010 second-round pick to the Phoenix Suns for Boris Diaw, Raja Bell and Sean Singletary.
Juan Orlando Hernández : He began his second presidential term on 27 January 2018.
Juan Orlando Hernández : This union has produced three children: Juan Orlando, Ana Daniela, and Isabela.
Juan Orlando Hernández : At the end of May 2019 US prosecutors unsealed some 2015 documents which revealed that Hernández was himself the subject of a major drug trafficking and money laundering investigation, alongside his sister Hilda and others.
Juan Orlando Hernández : Hernández was born in Gracias, Honduras to Juan Hernández Villanueva and Elvira Alvarado Castillo, as the fifteenth of seventeen children.
Juan Orlando Hernández : On 22 April 2015, the Supreme Court unanimously allowed presidential re-election.
Juan Orlando Hernández : Juan Jose Orlando Hernández Alvarado, often known as JOH (born 28 October 1968), is the current president of Honduras, who assumed office on 27 January 2014, after winning the 2013 Honduran general election.
Manuel Orantes : Orantes was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2012.
Manuel Orantes : A year earlier, he was runner-up to Björn Borg in the final of the French Open, taking a two-set lead before Borg won the last three sets, losing just two games in total.
Manuel Orantes : Manuel Orantes Corral (; born 6 February 1949) is a former tennis player from Spain who was active in the 1970s and 1980s.
Manuel Orantes : Orantes was a stalwart member of the Spanish Davis Cup team from 1967 to 1980, earning a record of 60–27 in Davis Cup match play.
Manuel Orantes : He also was a member of the Spanish team which won the inaugural World Team Cup in 1978.
Manuel Orantes : On 7 September 1975 Orantes defeated top-seeded Jimmy Connors in the final of the US Open at Forest Hills, New York to win his only Grand Slam title.
Manuel Orantes : He also won 22 doubles titles in his career, including Hamburg in 1975 and Canada in 1974.
Manuel Orantes : Overall, he won 36 singles titles, including Rome (1972), Hamburg (1972 & 1975), Canada (1975), Monte Carlo (1975), the U.S. Claycourt Championships (1973, 1975 & 1977), the U.S.
Manuel Orantes : He reached 20 doubles finals, including the French Open in 1978, Canada in 1976, and Hamburg in 1973.
Lucien Aimar : Lucien Aimar came second in the Tour de l'Avenir in 1964, 42 seconds behind the Italian, Felice Gimondi.
Lucien Aimar : Lucien Aimar (; born 28 April 1941) is a French cyclist, who won the Tour de France in 1966 and the national road championship in 1968.
Lucien Aimar : Aimar turned professional in 1965 for Ford-Gitane, a team led by Jacques Anquetil.
Lucien Aimar : He joined the new Sonolor-Lejeune team, run by Jean Stablinski with Lucien Van Impe and Bernard Guyot as leaders.
Jannero Pargo : He averaged 3.5 points and 1.4 assists per game in the Euroleague.
Jannero Pargo : Pargo's brother, Jeremy, is also a professional basketball player.
Jannero Pargo : He played college basketball for Neosho County CC and Arkansas.
Jannero Pargo : Jannero Pargo (born October 22, 1979) is an American professional basketball coach and former player.
Eugene Parker : His work has greatly increased understanding of the solar corona, the solar wind, the magnetic fields of both the Earth and the Sun, and their complex electromagnetic interactions.
Eugene Parker : degree in physics from Michigan State University in 1948 and Ph.D. from Caltech in 1951.
Jordi Bernet : He made his debut in comics at fifteen, continuing his father's humorous series "Doña Urraca" ("Mrs. Magpie") after his death in 1960, under the pseudonym "Jordi".
Jordi Bernet : Jordi Bernet Cussó (born 14 June 1944) is a Spanish comics artist, best known for the gangster comics series "Torpedo" and for American weird western comic book "Jonah Hex".
Marcin Gortat : During the lockout-shortened 2011–12 NBA season, Gortat averaged 15.4 points and 10.0 rebounds per game.
Marcin Gortat : Marcin Gortat (; born February 17, 1984) is a Polish professional basketball player who last played for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Marcin Gortat : On July 10, 2014, Gortat re-signed with the Wizards to a reported five-year, $60 million contract.
Marcin Gortat : After being drafted 57th overall in the 2005 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns (with his rights later traded to the Orlando Magic), Gortat elected to keep playing with Cologne in Germany until 2007.
Marcin Gortat : On October 25, 2013, Gortat was traded, along with Shannon Brown, Malcolm Lee, and Kendall Marshall, to the Washington Wizards in exchange for Emeka Okafor and a 2014 protected first-round draft pick.
Vlada Avramov : He earned his first call-up to national team against Azerbaijan, 2 September 2006, but he made his debut on 21 October 2007 versus Poland, due to injury of long term regular Vladimir Stojković.
Vlada Avramov : In 2001, he moved to Vicenza, and after played five seasons in Serie B (one of them on loan at Pescara), he joined Fiorentina in August 2006, being immediately loaned to Treviso.
Vlada Avramov : Avramov started his career at First League of FR Yugoslavia with FK Vojvodina.
Vlada Avramov : Vladimir "Vlada" Avramov (; born 5 April 1979) is a retired Serbian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Triple H : brands.
Triple H : He attended Nashua South High School, where he played baseball and basketball.
Triple H : He has a sister named Lynn.
Triple H : However the Undertaker and Kane would then proceed to attack them.
Triple H : During this time, he began using his finishing maneuver, the "Pedigree".
Triple H : Triple H underwent successful surgery on November 8 with a timeframe for his return unknown.
Triple H : This gimmick referred to his surname's French origins and he was asked to speak with a French accent, as he could not speak French.
Triple H : The group was pushed on "Raw" from 2003 to 2004 and the height of their dominance occurred after Armageddon, where every member of Evolution left the pay-per-view holding a title.
Triple H : During the May 21, 2001 episode of "Raw Is War", he suffered a legitimate and career-threatening injury.
Triple H : Paul Michael Levesque was born in Nashua, New Hampshire, on July 27, 1969.
Triple H : He regained the title from Michaels in a Three Stages of Hell match at Armageddon.
Triple H : In 2010, Levesque's role as an Executive Senior Advisor was officially formalized as he was given an office at WWE headquarters in Stamford, Connecticut.
Triple H : The next night, the four had a segment to apologize and it ended with Triple H attacking Angle.
Triple H : His ring name was soon modified to Terra Ryzing, which he used until mid-1994, when he was renamed Jean-Paul Lévesque.
Triple H : They then defeated The Spirit Squad again on the July 15, 2006 episode of "Saturday Night's Main Event XXXIII" in a 5-on-2 elimination match.
Triple H : After this, he successfully defended it against Jeff Hardy both at No Mercy and Cyber Sunday.
Triple H : Between late 1994 and early 1995, Lévesque briefly teamed with Lord Steven Regal, whose upper class British persona was similar to Lévesque's character.
Triple H : Stephanie then retreated and Rousey signed the contract.
Triple H : He went on to defeat Eugene at SummerSlam.
Triple H : Despite his inability to place any weight on his leg, Triple H was able to complete the match.
Triple H : Helmsley held the title for nearly four months before dropping it to Rocky Maivia on the February 13, 1997 special episode of "Monday Night Raw", called "Thursday Raw Thursday".
Triple H : At the event, Triple H emerged victorious.
Triple H : The tear required an operation, which was performed by orthopedic surgeon Dr. James Andrews.
Triple H : Perfect became his manager and he won the Intercontinental Championship for the first time on October 21, 1996, defeating Marc Mero.
Triple H : He teamed with fellow Evolution member Flair to defeat Chris Masters and Carlito.
Triple H : They then again defeated the McMahons at SummerSlam, withstanding the attack of several wrestlers who assaulted them before the match as directed by Mr. McMahon.
Triple H : At the event, they defeated the Brothers of Destruction, at the cost of Triple H tearing his pectoral muscles.
Triple H : Triple H added that the tagline of this contest would be "Last Time Ever".
Triple H : Lévesque had a brief feud with Alex Wright that ended at Starrcade with Wright pinning him.
Triple H : Helmsley was being highlighted again in 1997, winning the 1997 King of the Ring tournament by defeating Mankind in the finals.
Triple H : On the November 3 episode of "Raw", Mr. McMahon announced that if Team Authority would lose, they would be removed from power.
Triple H : In 2019, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame as part of the D-Generation X stable.
Triple H : After losing the Intercontinental title, he feuded with Goldust, defeating him at WrestleMania 13.
Triple H : After the match Triple H finally turned face for the first time since mid-2013, as he and Michaels showed respect for The Undertaker and Kane, as they embraced with each other.
Triple H : Triple H's next appearance came at the 2018 Elimination Chamber event for the Raw contract signing of Ronda Rousey.
Triple H : Paul Michael Levesque (born July 27, 1969), better known by the ring name Triple H, is an American business executive, professional wrestler, and actor.
Triple H : This injury brought an abrupt end to the McMahon-Helmsley Era, as the rigorous rehabilitation process kept Triple H out of action for over eight months, completely missing The Invasion storyline.
Triple H : In the night's main event, he and Austin were defending the WWF Tag Team Championship against Chris Jericho and Chris Benoit.
Triple H : At Unforgiven, D-Generation X then defeated the McMahons and ECW World Champion Big Show in a 3-on-2 handicap Hell in a Cell match.
Triple H : The following week, Angle revealed that although Triple H and Stephanie were WWE executives, they also had contracts to compete as wrestlers.
Triple H : "Raw" general manager Eric Bischoff then awarded Triple H the World Heavyweight Championship, represented by the Big Gold Belt (which previously had been used to represent the NWA World Heavyweight Championship and WCW World Heavyweight Championship), making him the first World Heavyweight Champion.
Triple H : Triple H lost to John Cena at Greatest Royal Rumble event in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Triple H : The feud ended at No Way Out in a Hell in a Cell, where Triple H retained the title and forced Foley to retire.
Triple H : Regardless, Triple H's longtime friend Kevin Nash attacked Punk immediately after the match to allow Alberto Del Rio to become the new champion.
Triple H : On the June 23 episode of "Raw", Triple H was drafted to the SmackDown brand as a part of the 2008 WWE draft, in the process making the WWE Championship exclusive to "SmackDown".
Triple H : After holding the title for a month, Triple H dropped it to Hulk Hogan at Backlash.
Triple H : During the segment, Triple H confirmed that there were no special stipulations in Rousey's contract, but she would have her debut match at WrestleMania 34.
Triple H : In February 2003, Triple H formed a stable known as Evolution with Ric Flair, Randy Orton, and Batista.
Triple H : On December 13 at , DX defeated Jeri-Show (Chris Jericho and Big Show) to win the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match.
Triple H : Following the announcement, it was also announced Triple H would return to in-ring competition at WWE Super Show-Down to take on renowned nemesis, The Undertaker, one last time.
Triple H : Flair defeated Triple H in a steel cage match at Taboo Tuesday for Flair's Intercontinental Championship.
Triple H : This led to Rousey putting Triple H through a table and Stephanie slapped Rousey.
Triple H : At the event, Triple H and Stephanie lost to Angle and Rousey after Stephanie submitted to Rousey's armbar.
Triple H : On October 8, Triple H and Shawn Michaels announced they will reunite DX, to face The Brothers of Destruction at Crown Jewel.
Triple H : Triple H returned to "Raw" as a face on January 7, 2002 at Madison Square Garden.
Triple H : Meanwhile, Shawn Michaels had made his return to WWE and joined the New World Order (nWo).
Triple H : Angle reminded Triple H of his warning from after Survivor Series, and he scheduled himself and Rousey to face Triple H and Stephanie at WrestleMania 34 in a mixed tag team match.
Triple H : Later that year, Shawn Michaels, Helmsley, Chyna and Rick Rude formed D-Generation X (DX).
Triple H : Triple H begin to show signs of a face turn as he returned on the July 23 episode of "Raw" alongside Stephanie and Vince McMahon to announce the first ever all women's pay-per-view event, WWE Evolution.
Triple H : Shawn Michaels returned on the June 12 episode of "Raw" and soon reunited with Triple H to re-form D-Generation X, turning Triple H into a fan favorite once again for the first time since mid-2002.
Triple H : Triple H returned on the April 30 episode of "Raw", when he refused to give in to Brock Lesnar's unreasonable contract demands, resulting in Lesnar attacking him and storyline breaking his arm.
Triple H : On August 20, Triple H returned to "Raw" and spoke about how he reluctantly accepted the rematch as the last match between the two at WrestleMania XXVIII (a Hell in a Cell with Shawn Michaels as special guest referee) was billed as the "End of an Era".
Triple H : Before Rousey signed her contract, Kurt Angle brought up the incident from WrestleMania 31 where Rousey embarrassed The Authority and said that Triple H and Stephanie were now glad to own Rousey so they could manipulate her.
Triple H : Levesque was known backstage as one of the members of The Kliq, a stable of wrestlers including; Shawn Michaels, Kevin Nash, Sean Waltman and Scott Hall, who were known for influencing Vince McMahon and the WWF creative team.
Triple H : On February 25's edition of "Raw", Batista returned and attacked Ric Flair backstage as Flair was about to make an entrance for his birthday celebration and called out Triple H. On March 11's edition of "Raw" Batista challenged Triple H for a match at WrestleMania 35 which Triple H accepted and made it a No Holds Barred match.
Triple H : Triple H unsuccessfully attempted to win the WWE title from Cena on numerous occasions, blaming his shortcomings on Vince McMahon, which eventually led to a feud between the McMahons and Triple H.
Triple H : At Cyber Sunday during DX's feud with Rated-RKO, special guest referee Eric Bischoff allowed the illegal use of a weapon to give Rated-RKO the win.
Triple H : During the match, DX embarrassed Vince by shoving his face in between Big Show's buttocks, and DX won when Triple H broke a sledgehammer over the shoulders of Mr. McMahon after Michaels performed a "Sweet Chin Music" on him.
Bob Woodward : He may be the best reporter of all time."
Bob Woodward : Robert Upshur Woodward (born March 26, 1943) is an American investigative journalist.
Bob Woodward : These scandals led to numerous government investigations and the eventual resignation of President Richard Nixon.
Patrick Cockburn : He has written three books on Iraq's recent history.
Patrick Cockburn : Cockburn has written three books on Iraq.
Patrick Cockburn : Cockburn was born in Ireland and grew up in County Cork.
Patrick Cockburn : "The Occupation: War and Resistance in Iraq" (2006) mixes first hand accounts with reporting.
Patrick Cockburn : Two more were written by Cockburn alone after the U.S. invasion, following his reporting from Iraq.
Patrick Cockburn : He has also published a collection of essays on the Soviet Union, titled "Getting Russia Wrong: The End of Kremlinology" (1989).
Patrick Cockburn : Both are about how the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant was able to set up its own state in northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
Patrick Cockburn : The same book was later re-published in Britain with the title "Saddam Hussein: An American Obsession".
Patrick Cockburn : "The Occupation" was nominated for the 2006 National Book Critics Circle award for nonfiction.
Patrick Cockburn : He co-wrote the book "" with his son, Henry, which explains their coming to terms with the latter's diagnosis with schizophrenia.
Patrick Cockburn : He was educated at Trinity College, Glenalmond, Perthshire, and Trinity College, Oxford.
Patrick Cockburn : He was a research student at the Institute of Irish Studies, Queens University Belfast, from 1972 to 1975.
Patrick Cockburn : Cockburn's book is critical of the invasion as well as the Salafi fundamentalists who comprise much of the insurgency.
Patrick Cockburn : In addition he writes for "CounterPunch" and the "London Review of Books".
Patrick Cockburn : He is also the author of "The Jihadis Return: Isis and the New Sunni Uprising" (2014), which has been translated into nine languages, and "The Rise of Islamic State: Isis and the New Sunni Revolution" (2015).
Patrick Cockburn : Cockburn has written a memoir, "The Broken Boy" (2005), which describes his childhood in 1950s Ireland, as well as an investigation of the way polio was handled – Cockburn himself caught and survived polio in 1956.
Patrick Cockburn : He has also worked as a correspondent in Moscow and Washington and is a frequent contributor to the "London Review of Books".
Patrick Cockburn : The first, "Out of the Ashes: The Resurrection of Saddam Hussein", was written with his brother Andrew prior to the war in Iraq.
Patrick Cockburn : "Muqtada" is a journalistic account of the recent history of the religiously and politically prominent Sadr family, the rise of Muqtada, and the development of the Sadrist Movement since the 2003 U.S. invasion.
Patrick Cockburn : He won the Martha Gellhorn Prize in 2005, the James Cameron Prize in 2006, the Orwell Prize for Journalism in 2009, Foreign Commentator of the Year (Editorial Intelligence Comment Awards 2013), Foreign Affairs Journalist of the Year (British Journalism Awards 2014), Foreign Reporter of the Year (The Press Awards For 2014).
Patrick Cockburn : Patrick Oliver Cockburn ( ; born 5 March 1950) is a journalist who has been a Middle East correspondent for the "Financial Times" since 1979 and, from 1990, "The Independent".
Patrick Cockburn : The second, "Muqtada: Muqtada al-Sadr, the Shia Revival, and the Struggle for Iraq" was published in 2008.
Patrick Cockburn : His parents were the well-known socialist author and journalist Claud Cockburn and Patricia Byron, née Arbuthnot, author of the book "Figure of Eight."
Patrick Cockburn : His two brothers also became journalists, Alexander Cockburn, who died in 2012, and Andrew Cockburn, and a half-sister, mystery writer Sarah Caudwell.
Gregor Braun : Gregor Braun (born 31 December 1955) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Germany, who was a professional rider from 1977 to 1989 and who became a multiple Olympic Gold medaillist and track world champion.
Gregor Braun : He represented West Germany at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where he won the gold medal in both the men's individual pursuit and in the team pursuit with Peter Vonhof, Hans Lutz and Günther Schumacher, corroborating their win a year before, also as amateurs, with capturing the gold in the men's team pursuit in the 1975 world championships in Montreal.
Franz Vranitzky : In the subsequent elections on 23 November 1986, the SPÖ remained the strongest party.
Franz Vranitzky : He was succeeded in both positions by his minister of finance, Viktor Klima.
Franz Vranitzky : After a referendum on 12 June 1994 resulted in 66% in favour of EU membership, Austria joined the European Union in January 1995.
Franz Vranitzky : In 1962 he joined the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ).
Franz Vranitzky : In June 2005, he donated one of his kidneys to his wife Christine, who suffered from chronic kidney failure.
Franz Vranitzky : He was criticized for receiving multiple compensations from his various functions in government-run businesses.
Franz Vranitzky : He financed his studies teaching Latin and English and as a construction worker.
Franz Vranitzky : In 1962, Vranitzky married Christine Christen, with whom he fathered two children.
Franz Vranitzky : In 1969, he received a doctorate in International business studies.
Franz Vranitzky : As a young man, Vranitzky played basketball and was a member of Austria's national team, which in 1960 unsuccessfully tried to qualify for the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Franz Vranitzky : He attended the Realgymnasium Geblergasse and studied economics, graduating in 1960.
Franz Vranitzky : As the son of a foundryman, Vranitzky was born into humble circumstances in Vienna's 17th district.
Franz Vranitzky : He later occupied the same position for the tourism company TUI and Magic Life hotels.
Franz Vranitzky : On 8 July 1991, in a speech in parliament, Vranitzky acknowledged a share in the responsibility for the pain brought, not by Austria as a state, but by citizens of this country, upon other people and peoples", thereby departing from the hitherto official portrayal of Austria as "Hitler's first victim."
Franz Vranitzky : On 13 September 1986, however, radical FPÖ politician Jörg Haider was elected chairman of his party, ousting the moderate Vice Chancellor Norbert Steger.
Franz Vranitzky : In December, he was elected to the board of governors of automotive supplier Magna.
Franz Vranitzky : The United States regarded Waldheim as a persona non grata, thereby barring him from entering the country in 1987, while Israel had recalled its ambassador after Waldheim's election.
Franz Vranitzky : After the end of the Cold War, Vranitzky focused on furthering relations with the nations of Eastern Europe and membership in the European Union, of which Vranitzky and his foreign minister, Alois Mock, were strong advocates.
Franz Vranitzky : He actively supported his party's frontrunner Alfred Gusenbauer in the 2006 elections.
Franz Vranitzky : The following year, Hannes Androsch, minister of finance under Chancellor Bruno Kreisky, appointed him economic and financial advisor.
Franz Vranitzky : When Waldheim was elected on 8 June, Sinowatz resigned from the government, proposing Vranitzky as his successor.
Franz Vranitzky : In 1988, Vranitzky also succeeded Fred Sinowatz as chairman of his party.
Franz Vranitzky : In the presidential elections of 1986, Chancellor Sinowatz vociferously opposed Kurt Waldheim, the candidate of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) opposition.
Franz Vranitzky : In January 1997, Vranitzky resigned as Chancellor and as party chairman.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs also has a number of personal achievements.
Ryan Giggs : He was the only player to play in each of the first 22 seasons of the Premier League, as well as the only player to score in each of the first 21 seasons.
Ryan Giggs : However, he was not included in the squad of 16 that defeated Barcelona in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final 11 days later.
Ryan Giggs : He was named as BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2009.
Ryan Giggs : After two seasons in the league where they had finished mid table, they were finally starting to threaten the dominance of Liverpool and Arsenal, though they only managed to finish sixth that season.
Ryan Giggs : He was the first player in history to win two consecutive PFA Young Player of the Year awards (1992 and 1993), though he did not win the PFA Player of the Year award until 2009.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs holds the record for the most assists in Premier League history, with 162.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs is mixed race – his paternal grandfather is from Sierra Leone – and has spoken of the racism he faced as a child.
Ryan Giggs : The move was a traumatic one, as Giggs was very close to his grandparents in Cardiff, but he would often return there with his family at weekends or on school holidays.
Ryan Giggs : Lee Sharpe, who had won the race to displace Danny Wallace, took to the field as United's left winger, while Wallace was selected as a substitute.
Ryan Giggs : In 1980, when Giggs was six years old, his father switched from rugby union to rugby league, and signed for Swinton RLFC, forcing the whole family to move north to Swinton, a town in Salford, Greater Manchester.
Ryan Giggs : He was elected into the PFA Team of the Century in 2007, the Premier League Team of the Decade in 2003, as well as the FA Cup Team of the Century.
Ryan Giggs : Ferguson's quest for a successful left winger had not been an easy one since the departure of Jesper Olsen two years earlier; he had initially signed Ralph Milne, but the player was not a success at United and lasted just one season in the first team before Ferguson secured the Southampton winger Danny Wallace in September 1989.
Ryan Giggs : At this time, United had recently won the FA Cup – their first major trophy since the appointment of Alex Ferguson as manager in November 1986.
Ryan Giggs : In his first full start, Giggs was credited with his first ever goal in a 1–0 win in the Manchester derby on 4 May 1991, though it appeared to be a Colin Hendry own goal.
Ryan Giggs : In addition to the many honours Giggs has received within football, he was appointed an OBE in the Queen's 2007 Birthday Honours List for his services to football.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs captained United on numerous occasions, particularly in the 2007–08 season when regular captain Gary Neville was ruled out with various injuries.
Ryan Giggs : On 28 June 2012, Giggs was confirmed as one of the three over-age players selected for Great Britain to compete at 2012 Summer Olympics alongside Craig Bellamy and Micah Richards, and he was subsequently named the team captain.
Ryan Giggs : At the end of the 2013–14 season, he was named as Manchester United's interim player-manager following the sacking of David Moyes.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs made his League debut against Everton at Old Trafford on 2 March 1991, as a substitute for the injured full-back Denis Irwin in a 2–0 defeat.
Ryan Giggs : Giggs was born at St David's Hospital in Canton, Cardiff, to Danny Wilson, a rugby union player for Cardiff RFC, and Lynne Giggs (now Lynne Johnson).
Ryan Giggs : During his time at United, he won 13 Premier League winner's medals, four FA Cup winner's medals, three League Cup winner's medals, two UEFA Champions League winner's medals, a FIFA Club World Cup winners medal, an Intercontinental Cup winner's medal, a UEFA Super Cup winner's medal and nine FA Community Shield winner's medals.
Shi Jun : Shi moved back to Chinese football with the newly promoted Chengdu Blades where he played in 15 games scoring 4 goals in his debut season.
Burt Bacharach : ""I had gone through this with Nikki.
Burt Bacharach : The remake was a critical and commercial disaster and a flurry of lawsuits resulted between the composer and the lyricist, as well as from Warwick.
Burt Bacharach : In later years, his songs were newly appropriated for the soundtracks of major feature films, by which time "tributes, compilations, and revivals were to be found everywhere".
Burt Bacharach : A significant figure in easy listening, Bacharach is described by writer William Farina as "a composer whose venerable name can be linked with just about every other prominent musical artist of his era."
Burt Bacharach : In 2012, the duo received the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song, the first time the honor has been given to a songwriting team.
Burt Bacharach : Nikki died by suicide in 2007 at the age of 40.
Burt Bacharach : He is the son of Irma M. (née Freeman) and Mark Bertram "Bert" Bacharach, a well-known syndicated newspaper columnist.
Burt Bacharach : 1 singles in the UK, giving Bacharach and David the honor of being the first songwriters to have written consecutive No.
Burt Bacharach : Bacharach and David then wrote more songs to make use of Warwick's singing talents, which led to one of the most successful teams in popular music history.
Burt Bacharach : In 1957, Bacharach and lyricist Hal David met while at the Brill Building in New York City, and began their writing partnership.
Burt Bacharach : Bacharach studied music (Bachelor of Music, 1948) at Montreal's McGill University, under Helmut Blume, at the Mannes School of Music, and at the Music Academy of the West in Montecito, California.
Burt Bacharach : Bacharach and David also collaborated with Broadway producer David Merrick on the 1968 musical "Promises, Promises", which yielded two hits, including the title tune and "I'll Never Fall in Love Again."
Burt Bacharach : His songs were adapted by a few jazz artists of the time, such as Stan Getz, Cal Tjader, Grant Green, and Wes Montgomery.
Burt Bacharach : They received a career breakthrough when their song "The Story of My Life" was recorded by Marty Robbins, becoming a number 1 hit on the U.S. Country Chart in 1957.
Burt Bacharach : Songs that he co-wrote which have topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 include "This Guy's in Love with You" (1968), "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head" (1969), "(They Long to Be) Close to You" (1970), "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" (1981), and "That's What Friends Are For" (1986).
Burt Bacharach : The year 1969 marked, perhaps, the most successful Bacharach-David collaboration, the Oscar-winning "Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head", written for and prominently featured in the acclaimed film "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid".
Burt Bacharach : In 1973, Bacharach and David wrote the score for "Lost Horizon", a musical version of the 1937 film.
Burt Bacharach : By the early 1980s, Bacharach's marriage to Angie Dickinson had ended, but a new partnership with lyricist Carole Bayer Sager proved rewarding, both commercially and personally.
Burt Bacharach : Over the next 20 years, Warwick's recordings of his songs sold over 12 million copies, with 38 singles making the charts and 22 in the Top 40.
Burt Bacharach : Following the initial success of these collaborations, Bacharach went on to write hits for Gene Pitney, Cilla Black, Dusty Springfield, Jackie DeShannon, Bobbie Gentry, Tom Jones, Herb Alpert, B. J. Thomas, the Carpenters, among numerous other artists.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : and political freedom (?
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : However, real power was held by army commander Raoul Cédras.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : A June 2005 cable states:
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : After completing his post-graduate studies in 1979, Aristide travelled in Europe, studying in Italy, Greece, and in the Palestinian town of Beit Jala at the Cremisan Monastery.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Aristide spent his exile first in Venezuela and then in the United States, working to develop international support.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Aristide was later forced into exile in the Central African Republic and South Africa.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Aristide continues to be among the most important political figures in the country, and is considered by many to be the only really popular, democratically elected leader Haiti has ever had.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : On 17 March 2011, Aristide departed for Haiti from his exile in South Africa.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : He was educated at the Collège Notre-Dame in Cap-Haïtien, graduating with honors in 1974.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : A detailed study on the armed rebel paramilitaries has found that these groups received vital support from a handful of Haitian elites, Dominican governmental sectors, and foreign intelligence.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : He then took a course of novitiate studies in La Vega, Dominican Republic, before returning to Haiti to study philosophy at the Grand Séminaire Notre Dame and psychology at the State University of Haiti.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : They also said that the emergence of armed rebel groups seeking to overthrow Aristide reflected "the failure of the country's democratic institutions and procedures".
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : A statement prepared by the Salesians called the priest's political activities an "incitement to hatred and violence", out of line with his role as a clergyman.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Jean-Bertrand Aristide (born 15 July 1953) is a former Haitian priest and politician who became Haiti's first democratically elected president.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Amnesty International reported that, after Aristide's departure in 2004, Haiti was "descending into a severe humanitarian and human rights crisis".
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : BBC correspondents say Mr Aristide is seen as a champion of the poor, and remains popular with many in Haiti.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : The undermanned Haitian police faced difficulties in fending off cross-border attacks led by the ex-army paramilitary rebels.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Videos surfaced showing a portion of a speech by Aristide on 27 August 1991, which took place just after army and death squad members attempted to assassinate him, where he says "Don't hesitate to give him what he deserves.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : In December 1988, Aristide was expelled from his Salesian order.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Critics allege that he was endorsing the practice of "necklacing" opposition activists – placing a gasoline-soaked tire around a person's neck and setting the tire ablaze – others argue he was actually speaking about people using the constitution to empower themselves and to defend their country against rightist death squads.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : He returned to Haiti in 1982 for his ordination as a Salesian priest, and was appointed curate of a small parish in Port-au-Prince.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : Although there were accusations of human rights abuses, the OAS/UN International Civilian Mission in Haiti, known by the French acronym MICIVIH, found that the human rights situation in Haiti improved dramatically following Aristide's return to power in 1994.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide : A coup attempt against Aristide had taken place on 6 January, even before his inauguration, when Roger Lafontant, a Tonton Macoute leader under Duvalier, seized the provisional president Ertha Pascal-Trouillot and declared himself president.
Xavi Aguado : Xavier 'Xavi' Companys Aguado (born 5 June 1968) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
John Cusack : The son of filmmaker Dick Cusack, his sisters are actresses Joan and Ann Cusack.
John Cusack : Cusack was born in 1966 in Evanston, Illinois.
John Cusack : He made his breakout role in Rob Reiner's "The Sure Thing" (1985).
John Cusack : John Paul Cusack (; born June 28, 1966) is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter.
John Cusack : He began acting in films during the 1980s and has since starred in a number of movies, including "Better Off Dead" (1985), "Say Anything..." (1989), "Bullets over Broadway" (1994), "Grosse Pointe Blank" (1997), "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "High Fidelity" (2000), "1408" (2007), "Igor" (2008), "2012" (2009), "The Raven" (2012) and "Love & Mercy" (2014).
John Cusack : Cusack played Edgar Allan Poe in James McTeigue's biopic film "The Raven" (2012) and starred in David Cronenberg's "Maps to the Stars" (2014).
John Cusack : Cusack was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in "High Fidelity" (2000), based on Nick Hornby's novel.
John Cusack : He also starred in Cameron Crowe's directorial debut film, "Say Anything..." (1989).
John Cusack : In Roland Emmerich's disaster film "2012" (2009), he played a struggling novelist who attempts to survive the apocalypse and save mankind.
Matt Sorum : Sorum was born Matthew William Sorum on November 19, 1960, in an unincorporated area of Orange County, California that later became the city of Mission Viejo.
Matt Sorum : In 1988, he was recruited to play on the debut album of Y Kant Tori Read, a band fronted by a then unknown Tori Amos.
Asafa Powell : He also received the honour of Track & Field Athlete of the Year for 2006.
Asafa Powell : However, after appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), the suspension was reduced to 6 months.
Asafa Powell : At the 2016 Rio Olympic Games he won a gold medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay.
Sito Pons : Points system from 1988 to 1991:
Sito Pons : Points system from 1969 to 1987:
Sito Pons : In 1990 he was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for his achievements in sports.
Sito Pons : After retiring from competition, Pons created the Honda-Pons Racing team in MotoGP, which had as its riders the likes of Loris Capirossi, Alex Barros, Max Biaggi and Troy Bayliss.
Sito Pons : Alfonso Pons Ezquerra (Barcelona 9 November 1959), better known as Sito Pons, is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Kardo Bestilo : Kardo Bestilo (born in 1976) is an Angolan writer, member of the Arts Movement LEV´ARTE born a year after the country gained independence from Portugal.
Brewster Kahle : Kahle advocated in 2009:
Brewster Kahle : In 2001, he implemented the Wayback Machine, which allows public access to the World Wide Web archive that the Internet Archive has been gathering since 1996.
Brewster Kahle : He is a member of the advisory board of the National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Program of the Library of Congress, and is a member of the National Science Foundation Advisory Committee for Cyberinfrastructure.
Brewster Kahle : He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1982 with a Bachelor of Science in computer science and engineering, where he was a member of the Chi Phi Fraternity.
Brewster Kahle : Brewster Lurton Kahle ( ; born October 22, 1960) is an American computer engineer, Internet entrepreneur, internet activist, advocate of universal access to all knowledge, and digital librarian.
Marc Valiente : Valiente was a Spanish international at under-19 and under-20 levels.
Marc Valiente : On 25 July 2019, Valiente returned to Spain by signing a two-year contract with Sporting de Gijón of the second tier.
Marc Valiente : Marc Valiente Hernández (born 29 March 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays mainly as a central defender for Sporting de Gijón.
Marc Valiente : On 26 June 2018, Valiente moved to the Serbian SuperLiga after agreeing to a two-year deal at FK Partizan.
Zsolt Baumgartner : However, he failed to agree terms with Jordan, and he signed with Minardi instead.
Zsolt Baumgartner : Baumgartner raced throughout the Formula One season, and after two near-misses (ninth in Monaco and 10th in Canada) he managed to take Minardi's first point in over two years by finishing eighth (albeit second last) in the US Grand Prix.
Zsolt Baumgartner : In 2008 Baumgartner became the test driver for team Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Zsolt Baumgartner : Zsolt Baumgartner (born 1 January 1981 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian former racing driver who raced for the Jordan and Minardi teams in Formula One.
Zsolt Baumgartner : to decrease its sponsorship amount, leading Baumgartner and his management to set up a "Zsolt Baumgartner Supporter's Club", a plan similar to that employed by Justin Wilson in 2003.
Zsolt Baumgartner : Baumgartner made his Formula One race debut at the 2003 Hungarian Grand Prix, substituting for the injured Ralph Firman in the Jordan team; he also took part in the Italian Grand Prix that year.
Rowan Williams : He has expressed his continuing sympathies with Orthodoxy in lectures and writings since that time.
Rowan Williams : He also attended the inauguration of Pope Benedict XVI.
Rowan Williams : Williams said in April 2010 that the child sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic Church in Ireland had been a "colossal trauma" for Ireland in particular.
Rowan Williams : On 26 December 2012, 10 Downing St announced Williams' elevation to the peerage as a life baron, so that he could continue to speak in the Upper House of Parliament.
Rowan Williams : Williams has written on the Spanish Catholic mystic Teresa of Ávila.
Rowan Williams : He is currently patron of the Fellowship of Saint Alban and Saint Sergius, an ecumenical forum for Orthodox and Western (primarily Anglican) Christians.
Rowan Williams : Williams did his doctoral work on the mid-20th-century Russian Orthodox theologian Vladimir Lossky.
Rowan Williams : He was the only child of Aneurin Williams and his wife Nancy Delphine (known as "Del") Williams (née Morris) – Presbyterians who became Anglicans in 1961.
Rowan Williams : Having spent much of his earlier career as an academic at the universities of Cambridge and Oxford successively, Williams speaks three languages and reads at least nine.
Rowan Williams : During the Pope's state visit to the United Kingdom in September 2010, the two led a service together at Westminster Abbey.
Rowan Williams : Williams lectured and trained for ordination at the College of the Resurrection in Mirfield, West Yorkshire, for two years (1975–1977).
Rowan Williams : His remarks were condemned by the second most senior Catholic bishop in Ireland, the Archbishop of Dublin, Diarmuid Martin, who said that "Those working for renewal in the Catholic Church in Ireland did not need this comment on this Easter weekend and do not deserve it."
Rowan Williams : Rowan Douglas Williams, Baron Williams of Oystermouth, (born 14 June 1950), is a Welsh Anglican bishop, theologian and poet.
Rowan Williams : Williams was born on 14 June 1950 in Swansea, Wales, into a Welsh-speaking family.
Rowan Williams : Justin Welby succeeded Williams as Archbishop of Canterbury on 9 November 2012, being enthroned in March 2013.
Rowan Williams : On the death of Pope John Paul II, he accepted an invitation to attend his funeral, the first Archbishop of Canterbury to attend a funeral of a Pope since the break under King Henry VIII.
Rowan Williams : Previously the Bishop of Monmouth and Archbishop of Wales, Williams was the first Archbishop of Canterbury in modern times not to be appointed from within the Church of England.
Rowan Williams : In 1977, he returned to Cambridge to teach theology as a tutor (as well as chaplain and Director of Studies) at Westcott House; he was made a deacon in the chapel by Eric Wall, Bishop of Huntingdon, at Michaelmas (2 October).
Rowan Williams : He was the 104th Archbishop of Canterbury, a position he held from December 2002 to December 2012.
Luc Ferry : From 2002 and until 2004 he served as the Minister of Education on the cabinet led by the conservative Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin.
Luc Ferry : During his tenure, he was the minister in charge of the implementation of the French law on secularity and conspicuous religious symbols in schools.
Luc Ferry : As a professor of political science and political philosophy, Luc Ferry taught at the Institut d'études politiques de Lyon (1982–1988)—during which time he also taught and directed graduate research at the Pantheon-Sorbonne University—, then at Caen University (1989–96).
Luc Ferry : He received the award of Docteur honoris causa from the Université de Sherbrooke (Canada).
Gary Kagelmacher : In 2007, aged 19, he was loaned to Real Madrid Castilla in the Spanish third division, being an automatic first-choice from an early stage; the move was made permanent at the end of his first season.
Gary Kagelmacher : Gary Christofer Kagelmacher Pérez (born 21 April 1988) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Peñarol as a right back or a central defender.
Gary Kagelmacher : Born in Montevideo of German descent, Kagelmacher began his professional career with local club Danubio FC.
Gary Kagelmacher : In the last match of the 2008–09 campaign, Kagelmacher made his La Liga debut with Real Madrid, starting in a 2–1 away loss against CA Osasuna.
Hao Haidong : Hao Haidong (; born 9 May 1970) is a Chinese former international footballer.
Joan Rigol : Rigol also sat in the Spanish Congress from 1979 to 1980, representing Barcelona Province.
Joan Rigol : Joan Rigol i Roig (Torrelles de Llobregat - 4 April 1943) is a Spanish politician.
Joan Rigol : In 1976 he joined the Democratic Union of Catalonia (UDC), the political party which he presided from 1987 to 2000.
Oleg Kononenko : In 2019 he was named a Hero of Turkmenistan.
Oleg Kononenko : They returned to Earth on July 1, 2012.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko spent 199 days in space.
Oleg Kononenko : This spacewalk lasted 6 hours and 18 minutes.
Oleg Kononenko : The spacewalk lasted 5 hours and 54 minutes.
Oleg Kononenko : He, along with his fellow crewmembers, arrived at the space station on December 23.
Oleg Kononenko : His responsibilities included system design, analysis, and development of spacecraft electrical power systems.
Oleg Kononenko : The crew launched on April 8, 2008, and landed on October 24, 2008.
Oleg Kononenko : Oleg enjoys reading and team sports.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko and Volkov installed one experiment and retrieved another.
Oleg Kononenko : The spacewalk was in Russian Orlan suits and Kononenko wore an Orlan suit with blue stripes.
Oleg Kononenko : The two cosmonauts also installed struts on a ladder used by spacewalkers on the Pirs Docking Compartment.
Oleg Kononenko : They also continued to outfit the station's exterior, including the installation of a docking target on the "Zvezda" service module.
Oleg Kononenko : President of Turkmenistan Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov awarded the cosmonaut with the Star of President Order.
Oleg Kononenko : Oleg Dmitriýewiç Kononenko was born June 21, 1964, in Chardzhou, USSR (now Turkmenistan) in a simple family.
Oleg Kononenko : They installed shields on the Zvezda Service Module to protect it from micrometeoroid orbital debris and moved the Strela 1 crane from the Pirs docking compartment to the Poisk Mini Research Module (MRM-2).
Oleg Kononenko : As another get-ahead task, they also installed an experiment called Vynoslivost on the Poisk Mini Research Module.
Oleg Kononenko : As part of the Vynoslivost or "Endurance" experiment, two trays of metal samples would be left exposed on the surface of the Poisk Module.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko was awarded the Hero of the Russian Federation medal and the Yu.
Oleg Kononenko : He is married to Tatiana Mikhailovna Kononenko (née Yurieva).
Oleg Kononenko : On March 29, 1996, Oleg was selected as a cosmonaut candidate by the Interagency Committee, and from June 1996 to March 1998, he underwent cosmonaut training at the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center and on March 20, 1998, was awarded the title of test cosmonaut by the Interagency Qualification Committee.
Oleg Kononenko : In October 1998 he began training as part of the group of cosmonauts selected for the International Space Station (ISS) Program.
Oleg Kononenko : They have a son, Andrey Olegovich Kononenko, and a daughter, Alisa Olegovna Kononenko.
Oleg Kononenko : He and cosmonaut Volkov inspected their Soyuz TMA-12 spacecraft and retrieved a pyro bolt from it.
Oleg Kononenko : On July 15, 2008 Kononenko again went outside from "Pirs" to conduct his second spacewalk.
Oleg Kononenko : After graduation, Kononenko worked at the Russian Space Agency’s Central Specialized Design Bureau TsSKB-Progress in Kuybishev, starting as an engineer and working his way up to leading design engineer.
Oleg Kononenko : On February 12, 2012, Kononenko and colleague cosmonaut Anton Shkaplerov were scheduled to conduct a six-hour spacewalk outside the ISS.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko graduated from the N. E. Zhukovskiy Kharkiv Aviation Institute in 1988 as a mechanical engineer.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko conducted his first spacewalk on July 10, 2008 when he ventured into space from the "Pirs" docking compartment airlock of the ISS.
Oleg Kononenko : From March 2004 through March 2006, he trained as part of the group of cosmonauts selected for the ISS Program.
Oleg Kononenko : On December 21, 2011, Kononenko, along with André Kuipers and Donald Pettit, launched to the International Space Station to join the crew of Expedition 30.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko was a Flight Engineer on both the Expedition 17 mission to the International Space Station, and the Soyuz TMA-12 mission that flew him there.
Oleg Kononenko : From March 2002, through February 2004, he trained as the flight engineer for the Soyuz TMA vehicle and the Expedition 9 and Expedition 11 primary crews.
Oleg Kononenko : From December, 2001, through April 2002, Kononenko trained as a backup flight engineer for the Soyuz TM-34 vehicle for the third ISS visiting crew.
Oleg Kononenko : Kononenko returned to Earth with Expedition 17 commander Sergei Volkov, and spaceflight participant Richard Garriott (who launched aboard Soyuz TMA-13 to the ISS on October 12, 2008 with the Expedition 18 crew).
Florentino Pérez : Pérez was reelected in 2004 with 94.2% of the total votes.
Florentino Pérez : Florentino Pérez is the current president of Real Madrid.
Florentino Pérez : Florentino Pérez Rodríguez (; born 8 March 1947) is a Spanish businessman, civil engineer, former politician, and current president of Real Madrid, as well as Chairman and CEO of Grupo ACS, a civil engineering company.
Daniel Xuereb : Daniel Xuereb (born 22 June 1959) is a former football striker from France, who earned eight international caps (one goal) for the French national team during the 1980s.
Conny Torstensson : With Sweden he participated in the 1974 and 1978 editions of the FIFA World Cup.
Willi Schulz : At that tournament, Schulz was rated as one of the best defenders.
Willi Schulz : Willi Schulz (born 4 October 1938 in Wattenscheid, Germany) is a German former international footballer who played as a defender.
Henri Kontinen : 220 in October 2010.
Henri Kontinen : He reached the final of the 2008 Wimbledon boys' singles which he lost to Grigor Dimitrov having beaten Bernard Tomic in the semi final.
Kad Merad : In 1999, they began appearing on the French Satellite TV channel Comédie+ on their own show, "La Grosse Emission".
Kad Merad : and appears in AaRON's film soundtrack video clip.
Kad Merad : The next year, he starred as Phillipe Abrams in the French movie Bienvenue chez les Ch'tis.
Kad Merad : In 2007, Kad received the César Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Je vais Bien, ne t'en fais pas!
Kad Merad : Kad Merad (born Kaddour Merad; 27 March 1964) is a French-Algerian filmmaker and actor who has acted both on stage and on screen.
Kad Merad : In 2003, he scored his First box-office success with "Mais Qui a tué Pamela Rose?
Kad Merad : Kad Merad was born in Sidi Bel Abbès, Algeria, on 27 March 1964 to an Algerian father and a French mother.
Kad Merad : In 1990, he was hired by Ouï FM, the Paris rock radio station where he met Olivier Baroux.
Amin Maalouf : Although his native language is Arabic, he writes in French, and his works have been translated into over 40 languages.
Amin Maalouf : Amin Maalouf (; ; born 25 February 1949) is a Lebanese-born French author who has lived in France since 1976.
Amin Maalouf : He received the Prix Goncourt in 1993 for his novel "The Rock of Tanios" as well as the 2010 Prince of Asturias Award for Literature.
Amin Maalouf : He studied sociology at the Francophone Université Saint-Joseph in Beirut.
Amin Maalouf : He was elected a member of the Académie française on 23 June 2011 to fill seat 29, left vacant by the death of anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss.
Amin Maalouf : In 1993, Maalouf was awarded the Prix Goncourt for his novel The Rock of Tanios (""Le rocher de Tanios")", set in 19th-century Lebanon.
Amin Maalouf : Maalouf's novels are marked by his experiences of civil war and migration.
Wilfred Bouma : Wilfred Bouma (; born 15 June 1978) is a Dutch former footballer who played most notably for PSV Eindhoven, Aston Villa and the Netherlands national team.
Alexander Payne : His films are noted for their dark humor and satirical depictions of contemporary American society.
Alexander Payne : As a part of his Spanish degree, he studied at Spain's University of Salamanca.
Alexander Payne : Payne was nominated for an Academy Award for Writing Adapted Screenplay for "Election".
Alexander Payne : In 2001, Payne wrote a draft of "Jurassic Park III".
Chris Hemsworth : The episode in which he appeared in was broadcast on 19 May 2015.
Chris Hemsworth : In 2014, he was named by "People" magazine as "Sexiest Man Alive."
Chris Hemsworth : Hemsworth was born in Melbourne, to Leonie (née van Os), an English teacher, and Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counsellor.
Chris Hemsworth : Hemsworth was a contestant on the fifth season of "Dancing with the Stars Australia", partnered with professional dancer Abbey Ross.
Chris Hemsworth : Christopher Hemsworth (born 11 August 1983) is an Australian actor.
Chris Hemsworth : In 2004, Hemsworth auditioned for the role of Robbie Hunter in Australian soap opera "Home and Away".
Chris Hemsworth : Hemsworth reprised his role as Thor in "", released on 3 November 2017 in the U.S., and again in both the third and fourth "Avengers" films, "" and "" in 2018 and 2019 respectively.
Chris Hemsworth : In 2002, Hemsworth starred in two episodes of fantasy television series "Guinevere Jones" as King Arthur, as well as making an appearance in soap opera series "Neighbours" and one episode of "Marshall Law".
Takeshi Koshida : He played 19 games for Japan until 1985.
Hotaru Yamaguchi : The addition of Fábio Simplício resulted in Yamaguchi being increasingly deployed as an attacking midfielder toward the latter part of the season, which he finished with 30 appearances.
Hotaru Yamaguchi : Yamaguchi began to receive substantial playing time with Cerezo in 2011, scoring his first league goal on Matchday 24 against Urawa Reds.
Hiroki Mizumoto : At this tournament, he played full-time in all 4 matches.
Hiroki Mizumoto : In August 2008, he was selected Japan U-23 national team for 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hiroki Mizumoto : He scored his first professional goal on 22 July 2006 against Sanfrecce Hiroshima.
Hiroki Mizumoto : JEF United Chiba
Hiroki Mizumoto : On 23 June 2008 he transferred to Kyoto Sanga FC.
Hiroki Mizumoto : Mizumoto made his senior national team debut on 4 October 2006, in a friendly match against Ghana.
Hiroki Mizumoto : In June 2005, Mizumoto was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2005 World Youth Championship.
Milan Osterc : Milan Osterc (; born 4 July 1975) is a retired Slovenian football striker.
Tomáš Necid : Tomáš Necid (; born 13 August 1989) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a striker in the Netherlands for ADO Den Haag, and the Czech Republic national team.
Heiko Westermann : FC Nürnberg.
Heiko Westermann : He has been capped 27 times by Germany and has scored four goals for them since 2008.
Heiko Westermann : In July 2010, Westermann agreed to a transfer to Hamburger SV, reportedly in the region of €7.5 million.
Heiko Westermann : Westermann began his professional career with 2.
Heiko Westermann : Heiko Westermann (born 14 August 1983) is a former German footballer who played as a central defender.
Heiko Westermann : He was also instrumental in Schalke's Champions League campaign, being the only outfield player for the club to play every single minute.
Heiko Westermann : Bundesliga club Greuther Fürth.
Heiko Westermann : He was transferred to Schalke in 2007 for a fee of €2.8 million.
Heiko Westermann : On 14 July 2016, it was announced that Westermann had signed a two-year deal with Eredivisie side Ajax.
Masaki Sumitani : or ""Foohhhh!""
Masaki Sumitani : Sumitani once reprised his role as Hard Gay for a teaser for the video game "Devil's Third".
Masaki Sumitani : After graduating from Hyogo Prefectural Kakogawa Higashi High School, he entered Doshisha University and majored in Commerce.
Masaki Sumitani : After completing his degree at the prestigious Doshisha University, Sumitani got a job at CO-OP KOBE, as a grocery delivery man.
Masaki Sumitani : The official name is Razor Ramon HG.
Masaki Sumitani : Both Sumitani and Izubuchi joined the Yoshimoto Kogyo-produced program Yoshimoto Shin-kigeki in 2001, often playing yakuza, salaryman, udon restaurant owners, construction workers, and others.
Masaki Sumitani : Hard Gay makes regular use of a number of catchphrases in his act; he usually makes his entrance in front of the camera shouting ""Dōmō Haadogei desu"" ("Hello, it's Hard Gay"), with arms thrust out and a spin afterwards.
Masaki Sumitani : Under his performing name "GiveUp Sumitani", he won the heavy class Kyoto pro-wrestling championship co-hosted by DWA and the Ritsumeikan Wrestling Alliance (RWA) of nearby Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto.
Masaki Sumitani : During their college years, Razor Ramon won the Fukuwarai award in the Imamiya Kids’ Ebisu Manzai Contest and gained experience on the stage through the audition live performance SABUKI at 2chome-gekijo, an Osaka comedy club opened by the Yoshimoto Kogyo comedy troupe at which many comedians from the Kansai area start their career.
Julio Voltio : In 2014, Voltio left reggaeton and converted to Christianity.
Julio Voltio : The album languished, however, and the duo's enthusiasm dwindled.
Julio Voltio : The production covers the time that Voltio spent in prison.
Julio Voltio : Karel was last featured in La Mision 4.
Julio Voltio : Voltio recently teamed up with Calle 13 to speak out against police brutality in Puerto Rico.
Julio Voltio : Although the trio released no listed albums, they were influential in starting the reggaeton movement.
Julio Voltio : Growing up in the Parque Ecuestre section of Carolina, Voltio entered the music business as a teenager.
Julio Voltio : They released their debut album Los Dueños del Estilo in 2003.
Julio Voltio : On August 11, 2008, announced the publication of a documentary titled "En vivo desde Oso Blanco".
Julio Voltio : Julio Voltio (born as Julio Irving Ramos Filomeno on June 11, 1977 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is one of the reggaeton genre's best-known artists.
Julio Voltio : Having experienced relative success, Voltio returned with his a self-titled release in 2005, which included his biggest hit to date "Chulín Culín Chunflai", which features Residente Calle 13 and a remix version with Three 6 Mafia.
Julio Voltio : Together with Rey 29 and Héctor Delgado (AKA Hector "El Father"), he formed "The Masters of Funk".
Julio Voltio : With few options, Voltio was preparing to exit the music business when Tego Calderón, a leading artist with White Lion Records, convinced him to sign with the label.
Julio Voltio : Pina stole money from Voltio and he left that company, then went into a musical battle (Tiraera Pina, Bling Bling, Wasa Wasa) against Lito y Polaco, Pina Records main artists.
Julio Voltio : Having taken Tego's advice, Voltio released the album Voltage AC, with the hits "Bumper", "No Amarres Fuego" (featuring Zion & Lennox) and "Julito Maraña".
Keiran Lee : In 2012, it was reported that Brazzers had taken out an insurance policy with Lloyd's of London, insuring Lee's penis for a reported $1 million.
Keiran Lee : In August 2011, Brazzers placed a billboard advertisement with a photo of Lee in a tank top and sunglasses on Sunset Boulevard.
Roberto Boninsegna : After leaving Juventus in 1979, he finished his career with Verona, retiring from professional football at the end of the 1979–80 Serie B season.
Roberto Boninsegna : Roberto Boninsegna ( born 13 November 1943 in Mantua) is an Italian former football player, who mainly played as a forward.
Roberto Boninsegna : In Serie A, he totaled 171 goals in 281 games, and was top goalscorer in Italy during the 1970–71 and 1971–72 Serie A seasons, with Inter.
Filip Jícha : He most recently played for Spanish handball team FC Barcelona.
Filip Jícha : Currently he is the head coach of THW Kiel.
Filip Jícha : Filip Jícha (born 19 April 1982) is a former Czech handballer.
Leszek Engelking : From 1984-95, he was a member of an editorial staff of "Literatura na Świecie" ("Literature in the World"), a Polish monthly devoted to foreign literature.
Leszek Engelking : He graduated from Warsaw University (1979).
Leszek Engelking : He has published six collections of poems:
Leszek Engelking : From 1997–98, he was a lecturer at Warsaw University and a visiting professor at Palacký University, Olomouc (Czech Republic).
Leszek Engelking : Leszek Engelking (born 2 February 1955, Bytom, Upper Silesia) is a Polish poet, short-story writer, critic, essayist, scholar, and translator.
Leszek Engelking : He has translated works by Nabokov, Daniela Hodrova, Jáchym Topol, Ezra Pound, Miroslav Holub, Charles Bukowski, Christopher Reid, Nikolay Gumilyov, Petr Mikeš, Ivan Wernisch, Ivan Blatný, Agneta Pleijel, Oldřich Wenzl, Richard Caddel, Jaroslav Seifert, Václav Burian, Egon Bondy, Maximilian Voloshin, David A. Carrión, Gerardo Beltrán, W.B.
E. Allen Emerson : Regents Chair Emeritus at the University of Texas, Austin, United States.
E. Allen Emerson : He won the 2007 A.M. Turing Award along with Edmund M. Clarke and Joseph Sifakis for the invention and
Marcos Assunção : In April, however, he cut ties with the club, signing a short-term deal at Associação Portuguesa de Desportos in June.
Marcos Assunção : He made his debut against El Salvador, and scored his only international goal against Russia on 18 November 1998 in a 5–1 friendly win.
Marcos Assunção : In January 2014, Assunção joined Figueirense Futebol Clube after his contract with Santos expired.
Marcos Assunção : Marcos dos Santos Assunção (born 25 July 1976) is a Brazilian former professional footballer.
Mogens Herman Hansen : He has written many books about the Athenian Democracy.
Mogens Herman Hansen : The following year he was engaged to work at the same university.
Mogens Herman Hansen : From 1993 to 2005 he was the director of the Copenhagen Polis Centre.
Mogens Herman Hansen : In June 2010, Hansen retired after 40 years at Copenhagen University.
Mogens Herman Hansen : He finished his masters at University of Copenhagen in 1967.
Mogens Herman Hansen : Hansen is a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences, by Deutsches Archäologisches Institut and the British Academy.
Mogens Herman Hansen : Hansen was visiting fellow at the University of Melbourne, University of British Columbia, Wolfson College (University of Cambridge), Princeton University, and Churchill College (Cambridge).
Jason Segel : He grew up in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood.
Jason Segel : His father is Jewish, whereas his mother is of English, Scottish, Irish, and French ancestry.
Jason Segel : He has stated that he was raised Jewish, as well as "a little bit of everything".
Jason Segel : He has an older brother, Adam, and a younger sister, Alison.
Jason Segel : He won a slam dunk contest in high school and he was nicknamed "Dr.
Jason Segel : He was a backup to the team's star center, Jason Collins, who went on to play in the NBA.
Jason Segel : His performance as the late author David Foster Wallace in the 2015 film "The End of the Tour" was met with critical acclaim, earning him a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead.
Jason Segel : Segel has starred in several films, including "Knocked Up" (2007), "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" (2008), "I Love You, Man" (2009), "Despicable Me" (2010), "Bad Teacher" (2011), "Jeff, Who Lives at Home" (2011), "The Muppets" (2011), "The Five-Year Engagement" (2012), "This Is 40" (2012), "Sex Tape" (2014) and "The Discovery" (2017).
Jason Segel : Segel went to Hebrew school and had a Bar Mitzvah ceremony, and also attended St. Matthew's Parish School, a private Episcopal school.
Jason Segel : He is best known for his role as Marshall Eriksen in the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", as well as for his work with producer Judd Apatow on the television series "Freaks and Geeks" and "Undeclared", and for the critically and commercially successful comedies he has starred in, written, and produced.
Jason Segel : Following elementary school and middle school, Segel completed his high school studies at Harvard-Westlake School, where his frame helped him as an active member of the 1996 and 1997 CIF state champion boys' basketball team.
Federico Andahazi : His books have been translated to many languages.
Federico Andahazi : He obtained a bachelor's degree in Psychology (University of Buenos Aires); he practiced psychoanalysis a few years, while he was working on his short stories.
Federico Andahazi : "Errante en la sombra" was published in 2004; Andahazi wrote more than forty tangos for this story, in which singer Carlos Gardel takes part.
Federico Andahazi : Also during the summer of 2005, Andahazi and his readers collectively wrote a newspaper series called "Mapas del fin del mundo" (Maps from the End of the World) published by the newspaper Clarín.
Federico Andahazi : In 2008, Andahazi published his first non-fiction book, "Pecar como Dios manda", a sexual history of Argentines.
Federico Andahazi : Federico Andahazi (born June 6, 1963) is an Argentine writer and psychologist.
Federico Andahazi : However, the mentor and financial supporter of the contest, María Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat, announced her "disagreement" with the decision of the jury, through a request published in most newspapers of Buenos Aires, in which she stated that the novel "does not contribute to [the] exalt[ation of] the most high values of the human spirit".
Federico Andahazi : He is the son of Bela Andahazi, an aristocratic Hungarian poet and psychoanalyst, and Juana Merlín, of Russian-Jewish ancestry.
Federico Andahazi : There he narrates the story of Quetza, the brilliant son of Tenochtitlan, who discovers the European continent.
Federico Andahazi : The "Fundación" respected and implemented the decision of the jury, which included María Angélica Bosco, Raúl Castagnino, José María Castiñeira de Dios, María Granata and Eduardo Gudiño Kieffer, but the jury was subsequently dismissed by Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat and the literary competitions organized by the "Fundación Fortabat" have not been held again.
Javi Moreno : Javier 'Javi' Moreno Valera (born 10 September 1974) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a striker, and is the manager of AD Alcorcón B.
Javi Moreno : After three years he was released, subsequently joining SE Eivissa-Ibiza in the third level; as he did not play the number of minutes he was expecting upon signing, he announced his retirement in December 2008.
Javi Moreno : Along the way, defeated were the likes of Gaziantepspor, Lillestrøm SK, Rosenborg BK, Inter Milan, fellow league club Rayo Vallecano and 1.
Stefan Nimke : Stefan Nimke (born 1 March 1978 in Hagenow, Bezirk Schwerin) is an Olympic and world champion track cyclist from Germany.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : She wrote:
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : She dismissed the discrimination complaint against Hoppe and the non-disciplinary letter was withdrawn from Hoppe's personnel file.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : Hoppe identifies as a culturally conservative libertarian.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : An investigation was conducted and the university's provost, Raymond W. Alden III, issued Hoppe a non-disciplinary letter of instruction on February 9, 2005, with a finding that he had "created a hostile or intimidating educational environment in violation of the University's policies regarding discrimination as to sexual orientation".
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : Hoppe asserts that any argument which in any respect purports to contradict libertarian principles is logically incoherent.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : He was a post-doctoral fellow at the University of Michigan, in Ann Arbor, from 1976 to 1978 and earned his habilitation in Foundations of Sociology and Economics from the University of Frankfurt in 1981.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : Hans-Hermann Hoppe (; ; born September 2, 1949) is a German-born American Austrian School economist, and paleolibertarian anarcho-capitalist philosopher.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : Hoppe was born in Peine, West Germany, did undergraduate studies at Universität des Saarlandes and received his MA and PhD degrees from Goethe University Frankfurt.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe : He is Professor Emeritus of Economics at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), Senior Fellow of the Ludwig von Mises Institute, former Editor of the "Journal of Libertarian Studies", a lifetime member of the Royal Horticultural Society and the founder and president of the Property and Freedom Society.
Gianni Morandi : He has written a number of autobiographical books and appeared in 18 films.
Gianni Morandi : Gianni Morandi (; born December 11, 1944) is an Italian pop singer, actor and entertainer.
Rob Schneider : Schneider was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in the nearby suburb of Pacifica.
Rob Schneider : Schneider's maternal grandmother was a Filipina who met and married his grandfather, a white American army private, while he was stationed in the Philippines.
Rob Schneider : Schneider was hired at "Saturday Night Live" in 1988.
Rob Schneider : His parents are Pilar (née Monroe), a former kindergarten teacher and ex-school board president, and Marvin Schneider, a real estate broker.
Rob Schneider : , he played such roles as "Tiny Elvis" and "Orgasm Guy".
Rob Schneider : His best known recurring character was Richard Laymer, an office worker whose desk was stuck beside the photocopier, and who addressed each of his fellow employees with an endless stream of annoying nicknames.
Rob Schneider : Schneider swiftly graduated from writer and featured player to full cast member.
Rob Schneider : Schneider's appearance on the HBO special led to a position as a writer for the late night NBC sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live".
Rob Schneider : Robert Michael Schneider (; born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and director.
Rob Schneider : After opening a show by comedian Dennis Miller in 1987, Schneider won a slot on HBO's 13th Annual Young Comedians special, which was hosted by Miller.
Rob Schneider : Schneider is featured in the video release "The Bad Boys of Saturday Night Live", along with colleagues Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, David Spade, and Chris Farley.
Ángel Comizzo : In 1993, he moved to América de Cali in Colombia, but after a very poor performance, he returned to Argentina later that year to play for Club Atlético Banfield.
Ángel Comizzo : In 1988, he joined River Plate where he was loaned to UANL Tigres of Mexico in 1990–1991.
Ángel Comizzo : Comizzo was born in Reconquista, and began his career at Talleres in the Primera Division Argentina.
Ángel Comizzo : Ángel David Comizzo Leiva (born 27 April 1962) is a retired Argentine football goalkeeper and current manager.
Ángel Comizzo : In September 2009, Angel Comizzo was brought in by Carlos Reinoso to be his assistant manager for Querétaro FC, Comizzo was a huge part of Reinoso's Leon in 1997 when they lost the final against Cruz Azul in Extra Time with a golden goal.
Andres Oper : Andres Oper (born 7 November 1977) is an Estonian football coach and former professional player.
George Crumb : He has continued to compose.
George Crumb : In several pieces, the music is symbolically laid out in a circular or spiral fashion.
George Crumb : Crumb has earned his living primarily from teaching.
George Crumb : In other pieces he asks players to leave and enter the stage during the piece, and has also used unusual layouts of musical notation in a number of his scores.
George Crumb : "Makrokosmos" was premiered by David Burge, who later recorded the work.
George Crumb : Many of his vocal works were written for the virtuoso mezzo-soprano singer Jan DeGaetani.
George Crumb : Crumb defines music as "a system of proportions in the service of spiritual impulse."
George Crumb : He is known as an explorer of unusual timbres, alternative forms of notation, and extended instrumental and vocal techniques, which obtained his innovative techniques in the use of vivid sonorities.
George Crumb : After initially being influenced by Anton Webern, Crumb became interested in exploring unusual timbres.
George Crumb : Crumb's works are published by the C. F. Peters Corporation.
George Crumb : It is one of Crumb's best known pieces, and has been recorded by several groups, including the Kronos Quartet.
George Crumb : He often asks for instruments to be played in unusual ways and several of his pieces, although written for standard chamber music ensembles, such as "Black Angels" (string quartet) or "Ancient Voices of Children" (mixed ensemble), call for electronic amplification.
George Crumb : George Crumb's daughter, Ann Crumb, was a successful actress and singer.
George Crumb : He majored in music at the Mason College of Music and Fine Arts (subsequently subsumed into the University of Charleston), where he received his bachelor's degree in 1950.
George Crumb : The first two books (1972, 1973), for solo piano, make extensive use of string piano techniques and require amplification, as dynamics range from "pppp" to "ffff"; the third, known as "Music for a Summer Evening" (1974), is for two pianos and percussion; the fourth, "Celestial Mechanics" (1979), is for piano four-hands.
George Crumb : In 1965 he began a long association with the University of Pennsylvania, becoming Annenberg Professor of the Humanities in 1983.
George Crumb : Crumb's most ambitious work, and among his more famous, is the 24-piece collection "Makrokosmos", published in four books.
George Crumb : "Black Angels" (1970) is another piece which displays Crumb's interest in exploring a wide range of timbres.
George Crumb : Crumb was born in Charleston, West Virginia, and began to compose at an early age.
George Crumb : George Henry Crumb or George Henry Jr. Crumb (born October 24, 1929) is an American composer of modern classical and avant-garde music.
George Crumb : She recorded his "Three Early Songs" for the CD "George Crumb 70th Birthday Album" (1999), and had also performed his "Unto the Hills" (2001).
George Crumb : Crumb retired from teaching in 1997, though in early 2002 he was appointed with David Burge to a joint residency at Arizona State University.
George Crumb : at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1952 and then briefly studied as a Fulbright fellow at the Hochschule für Musik in Berlin before returning to the United States to study at the University of Michigan, from which he received a D.M.A.
George Crumb : His first teaching job was at a college in Virginia, before he became professor of piano and composition at the University of Colorado in 1958.
George Crumb : The piece is written for electric string quartet and its players are required to play various percussion instruments and to bow small goblets as well as to play their instruments in both conventional and unconventional ways.
George Crumb : The title "Makrokosmos" alludes to "Mikrokosmos", the six books of piano pieces by Béla Bartók; like Bartók's work, "Makrokosmos" is a series of short character pieces.
George Crumb : Crumb's son, David Crumb, is a successful composer and, since 1997, assistant professor at the University of Oregon.
George Crumb : Crumb has been the recipient of a number of awards, including a 1968 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his orchestral work "Echoes of Time and the River" and a 2000 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Composition for his work "Star-Child".
George Crumb : Apart from Bartók, Claude Debussy is another composer Crumb acknowledged as an influence here; Debussy's "Preludes" comprise 2 books of 12 character pieces, whose titles appear at the end.
Georgios Bartzokas : Georgios Bartzokas (alternate spellings: Giorgos, George, Mpartzokas) ( born June 11, 1965) is a Greek former professional basketball player and curent head coach for Olympiacos.
Javier Rojo : He is married, and has two daughters.
Javier Rojo : He moved to Vitoria-Gasteiz when he was very young.
Javier Rojo : Rojo Garcia was born on 2 March 1949 in the city of a village of Burgos.
Javier Rojo : Francisco Javier Rojo Garcia (born 2 March 1949) is a Spanish socialist politician, from 2004 to 2011, he served as President of the Spanish Senate.
Javier Rojo : Since the victory of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party in the 2004 general election, he served as President of the Senate from 2004 to 2011.
Javier Rojo : In the 1993 general election he was elected Senator for the constituency of Álava, a position to which he was re-elected in the elections of 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008.
Emanuel Herrera : After the team failed to qualified for the playoffs for promotion, it confirmed the transfer on 13 December 2011 that Herrera will join Chilean Primera División side Unión Española, signing a five-year deal.
Emanuel Herrera : On his move, manager René Girard says Herrera drew comparison to Real Madrid and Argentian striker Gonzalo Higuaín.
Emanuel Herrera : Herrera was born in Rosario.
Emanuel Herrera : After scoring 10 goals in the regular season, Unión Española won the qualification for the final round to be in fifth place.
Emanuel Herrera : His three seasons in Argentina are a failure with only 16 games in total without a goal.
Emanuel Herrera : Emanuel Herrera (, born 13 April 1987) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Sporting Cristal of the Torneo Descentralizado as a striker.
Emanuel Herrera : Herrera began scoring for the three weeks with a double against Club de Deportes Copiapó, Deportes Naval and San Marcos de Arica.
Emanuel Herrera : On 24 March 2012, Herrera scored twice and setting up a goal for Fernando Cordero in a 5–2 win over Deportes La Serena.
Emanuel Herrera : After scoring 11 goals in the first half of the season, Herrera was able to be joint-top scorer along with Claudio Latorre, Ariel Roberto Pereyra and Cristian Milla.
Emanuel Herrera : After 9 games without scoring, Herrera scored twice in a 4–1 win over Everton de Viña del Mar on 8 May 2011.
Emanuel Herrera : On 26 February 2011, Herrera made his debut for the club in a 2–0 win over Deportes Puerto Montt on the opening game of the season.
Michiel Huisman : After two members left the band, Fontane split up and Huisman decided to pursue music on his own.
Michiel Huisman : He played supporting roles in the Dutch films "Costa!"
Michiel Huisman : The first single was on the soundtrack of the film "Costa!"
Michiel Huisman : Michiel Huisman (; born 18 July 1981) is a Dutch actor, musician, and singer-songwriter, who has acted in both Dutch and English language TV series and films.
Michiel Huisman : Also in 2016, Huisman played Walter Davidson in the Discovery Channel limited series "Harley and the Davidsons" which told the origin story of Harley-Davidson Inc.
Michiel Huisman : Huisman was singer and guitarist in the Dutch band Fontane, which he formed together with Roland van der Hoofd, Gilles Tuinder, Bas van Geldere, and Donny Griffioen.
Dan Shechtman : Quasicrystals have also been found naturally.
Dan Shechtman : He currently spends about five months a year in Ames on a part-time appointment.
Dan Shechtman : He served on several Technion Senate Committees and headed one of them.
Dan Shechtman : Quasicrystalline materials could be used in a large number of applications, including the formation of durable steel used for fine instrumentation, and non-stick insulation for electrical wires and cooking equipment., but presently have no technological applications.
Dan Shechtman : In 1975, he joined the department of materials engineering at Technion.
Dan Shechtman : Through Shechtman's discovery, several other groups were able to form similar quasicrystals, finding these materials to have low thermal and electrical conductivity, while possessing high structural stability.
Dan Shechtman : Shechtman was awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of quasicrystals, making him one of six Israelis who have won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Dan Shechtman : Shechtman joined the Iowa State faculty in 2004.
Dan Shechtman : Shechtman's Technion research is conducted in the Louis Edelstein Center, and in the Wolfson Centre which is headed by him.
Dan Shechtman : In 1992–1994 he was on sabbatical at National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), where he studied the effect of the defect structure of CVD diamond on its growth and properties.
Dan Shechtman : During this study he discovered the Icosahedral Phase which opened the new field of quasiperiodic crystals.
Dan Shechtman : In 1981–1983 he was on sabbatical at Johns Hopkins University, where he studied rapidly solidified aluminum transition metal alloys, in a joint program with NBS.
Dan Shechtman : in Materials Engineering in 1968, Prof. Shechtman was an NRC fellow at the Aerospace Research Laboratories at Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio, where he studied for three years the microstructure and physical metallurgy of titanium aluminides.
Dan Shechtman : Shechtman is married to Prof. Tzipora Shechtman, Head of the Department of Counseling and Human Development at Haifa University, and author of two books on psychotherapy.
Dan Shechtman : They have a son Yoav Shechtman (a postdoctoral researcher in the lab of W. E. Moerner) and three daughters: Tamar Finkelstein (an organizational psychologist at the Israeli police leadership center), Ella Shechtman-Cory (a PhD in clinical psychology), and Ruth Dougoud-Nevo (also a PhD in clinical psychology).
Thiemo de Bakker : Thiemo Carsten Jannick de Bakker (born 19 September 1988) is a Dutch tennis player.
Thiemo de Bakker : De Bakker hit a rich vein of form in August, winning four Challenger tournaments, and bumping his ranking from 256 to 122, in the span of one month.
Érik Comas : Érik Comas (born 28 September 1963) is a French former Formula One driver.
Érik Comas : Along with this, he created Comas Racing Management (CRM), a firm that focuses on the management and development of young up and coming drivers, primarily from his home country of France.
Érik Comas : After ending his Formula One career at the end of the 1994 season, he went to Japan to continue his racing career in the All-Japan Grand Touring Car Championship (JGTC), Japan's premiere racing series.
Érik Comas : He was successful quickly and he won the GT500 title in 1998 and 1999, as well as runner-up in the standings in 2000, all three years driving for Nissan in a factory Nismo-prepared Skyline GT-R.
Érik Comas : He was French Formula 3 champion in 1988, and then Formula 3000 champion in 1990, after scoring the same number of points as Jean Alesi in 1989 but losing on a count-back of positions.
Léon van Bon : Léon Hendrik Jan van Bon (born 28 January 1972) is a retired road racing cyclist from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal in the men's points race at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Léon van Bon : In 2001 he claimed the overall-victory in the Ronde van Nederland.
David Shore : Shore worked on "Family Law", "NYPD Blue" and "Due South", also producing many episodes of the latter.
David Shore : David Shore (born July 3, 1959) is a Canadian television writer.
David Shore : He created the critically acclaimed series "House" and more recently, "Battle Creek", "Sneaky Pete" and "The Good Doctor".
David Shore : The latter of these won the 2005 Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series.
Anupam Kher : He has appeared in over 500 films in several languages and many plays.
Anupam Kher : He has held the post of chairman of the Central Board of Film Certification and the National School of Drama in India.
Anupam Kher : In 1984, a 29-year-old Kher played a retired middle-class man who loses his son in "Saaransh".
Anupam Kher : Their first film, "Tere Sang", was directed by Satish Kaushik.
Anupam Kher : Anupam Kher (born 7 March 1955) is an Indian actor and the former Chairman of Film and Television Institute of India.
Anupam Kher : Subsequently, he hosted TV shows such as "Say Na Something To Anupam Uncle", "Sawaal Dus Crore Ka", "Lead India," and "The Anupam Kher Show - Kucch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai."
Anupam Kher : In 1978, Kher graduated from the National School of Drama (NSD) in New Delhi.
Anupam Kher : In 2007, Anupam Kher and Satish Kaushik, who studied togher at NSD, started a film production company, Karol Bagh Productions.
Anupam Kher : He ventured into directing with "Om Jai Jagadish" (2002) and has been a producer.
Anupam Kher : For his role in "Daddy" (1989), he received the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Performance.
Anupam Kher : Kher is known internationally for "Bend It Like Beckham" (2002), "Bride and Prejudice" (2004), "The Mistress of Spices" (2006) and "Lust, Caution" (2007), "Speedy Singhs" (2011), and TV show "ER".
Anupam Kher : He produced and starred in the film "Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara" (2005).
Benni McCarthy : In 2007, they separated.
Benni McCarthy : McCarthy is the South Africa national team's all-time top scorer with 31 goals.
Benni McCarthy : Benedict Saul "Benni" McCarthy (born 12 November 1977) is a South African coach and former footballer who was most recently the head coach of Cape Town City in South Africa until November 2019.
Benni McCarthy : Playing for Seven Stars, the 18-year-old McCarthy scored 1 goal in 29 matches in the 1995–96 season, followed by another 12 goals in 20 matches, which earned him a transfer to Cape Town Spurs, which two years later merged with Seven Stars to form Dutch club Ajax's feeder team, Ajax Cape Town.
James W. Christy : James Walter "Jim" Christy (born September 15, 1938) is an American astronomer.
James W. Christy : However, Christy noticed that only Pluto was elongated—the background stars were not.
James W. Christy : In more modern telescopes, such as the Hubble or ground-based telescopes using adaptive optics, separate images of Pluto and Charon can be resolved, and the "New Horizons" probe took images showing some of Charon's surface features.
James W. Christy : On June 22, 1978 while working at the United States Naval Observatory, he discovered that Pluto had a moon, which he named Charon shortly afterwards.
Oribe Peralta : He only played in four matches and did not score any goals.
Oribe Peralta : At the age of 13, Peralta joined his first football team Los Vagos from his home town.
Oribe Peralta : Mexico won the match 2–1.
Oribe Peralta : Oribe Peralta Morones (born 12 January 1984) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Liga MX club Guadalajara.
Oribe Peralta : He managed to join CESIFUT (Centro de Sinergia Futbolista) [Synergy Center of Football] after having recovered from a broken tibia and fibula which left him immobile for a year.
Oribe Peralta : In 1998, when he was in high school, he made the official town team of La Partida to play against other Municipalities in Torreon.
Oribe Peralta : In 2005, Monterrey loaned Peralta to Guadalajara as a reinforcement for the 2005 Copa Libertadores tournament.
Oribe Peralta : He would then receive an invitation from Monarcas Morelia, where manager Rubén Omar Romano gave him a try out with the team in which he debuted.
Oribe Peralta : Guadalajara's head coach Oscar Ruggeri, who took him to Guadalajara for a trial.
Oribe Peralta : A native of Torreón, Oribe Peralta made his league debut for Monarcas Morelia on 22 February 2003, coming in as a substitute in the second half of a league match against Club América, which ended in a 1–2 defeat.
Oribe Peralta : On 8 May 2014, Peralta was selected for the final 23-man roster participating in the 2014 FIFA World Cup by coach Miguel Herrera.
Oribe Peralta : Peralta made his debut for Mexico coming on as a late substitute during a friendly match against Argentina on 9 March 2005.
Oribe Peralta : Peralta participated in all of Mexico's matches, playing a vital role in the semi-final match against Japan by scoring in the 65th minute of the game to go up 2–1, with Mexico winning the match 3–1 and advancing to the final.
Matthias Ettrich : LyX is a graphical frontend to LaTeX.
Matthias Ettrich : Ettrich founded KDE in 1996, when he proposed on Usenet a ""consistent, nice looking free desktop-environment"" for Unix-like systems using Qt as its widget toolkit.
Matthias Ettrich : Ettrich founded and furthered the LyX project in 1995, initially conceived as a university term project.
Matthias Ettrich : Ettrich studied for his MSc in Computer Science at the Wilhelm Schickard Institute for Computer Science at the University of Tübingen.
Matthias Ettrich : Since LyX's main target platform was Linux, he started to explore different ways to improve the graphical user interface, which ultimately led him to the KDE project.
Karl Malone : He was also honored with the unveiling of a bronze statue outside the EnergySolutions Arena next to teammate John Stockton, and the renaming of a portion of 100 South in Salt Lake City in his honor.
Karl Malone : Despite the decline of his team and his advancing age, Malone averaged 25.5, 23.2, 22.4, and 20.6 points per game in his last four seasons with Utah.
Karl Malone : In his second season with Louisiana Tech (1983–84), Malone averaged 18.7 points and 9.3 rebounds per game.
Karl Malone : He had knee surgery during the summer of 2004, and personal problems with Lakers guard Kobe Bryant prompted Malone not to return for another season with the team.
Karl Malone : He collected two regular season MVP Awards, eleven NBA First Team nominations and was also selected to the NBA All-Defensive First Team three times.
Karl Malone : In the 2002–2003 season, Malone passed Wilt Chamberlain for second on the all-time scoring list with 36,374 points.
Kim Adams : Kim Adams (born 17 December 1951) is a Canadian sculptor who creates assemblage in different scales.
Kim Adams : His visual style is influenced by industrial design, architecture and automotive design.
Kim Adams : His small surreal landscapes are reminiscent of Hieronymus Bosch.
Fabio Testi : Fabio Testi (born 2 August 1941) is an Italian film actor, notable as the star of, among other films, "First Action Hero" and "The Inheritance".
Fabio Testi : He also had romantic relationships with Olga Bisera, Lynne Frederick, and Charlotte Rampling.
Juan Reynoso Guzmán : Reynoso obtained 84 international caps for his national team, in which he scored five goals.
Juan Reynoso Guzmán : Juan Máximo Reynoso Guzmán (born December 28, 1969 in Lima) is a retired Peruvian footballer, and a current manager of Puebla.
Juan Reynoso Guzmán : Reynoso played his last international match for his native country on February 23, 2000 against Colombia (1-2).
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : He was acquitted of embezzlement in June 2003.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : From 1977 he was in the Foreign Office, as the ambassador in Cuba and the USSR.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : He was replaced in his post as Minister of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers and dismissed from the government on October 28, 2009.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : Following the election, he was appointed as Minister of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers on January 7, 2009.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : After Kumba Ialá took office as President, da Costa was arrested, along with another former Prime Minister, Carlos Correia (who both preceded and succeeded him as Prime Minister), and four other former ministers, in February 2000.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : Francisco Benante was elected to replace him as PAIGC President in September 1999.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : During the presidency of João Bernardo Vieira, which had come to power in 1980 through a coup, he became General Secretary of the PAIGC.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : Manuel Saturnino da Costa (born 1942) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who served as Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 26 October 1994 to 6 June 1997.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : Saturnino da Costa sought the nomination as PAIGC's candidate for the June 2009 presidential election, but in a vote on April 25, 2009, the PAIGC Central Committee chose Malam Bacai Sanhá as the party's candidate.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : In the November 2008 legislative election, PAIGC won a majority of 67 out of 100 seats in the National People's Assembly, and Saturnino da Costa was elected to a seat as a PAIGC candidate in the first constituency, Catio e Como.
Manuel Saturnino da Costa : Following the ouster of President Vieira in May 1999, da Costa was named acting President of PAIGC on 12 May 1999.
Peter Zumthor : Zumthor founded his own firm in 1979.
Peter Zumthor : Recently, he was awarded Praemium Imperiale in (2008) and the Pritzker Architecture Prize (2009).
Peter Zumthor : Peter Zumthor (; born 26 April 1943) is a Swiss architect whose work is frequently described as uncompromising and minimalist.
Peter Zumthor : Though managing a relatively small firm, he is the winner of the 2009 Pritzker Prize and 2013 RIBA Royal Gold Medal.
Peter Zumthor : Since 1996, he has been a professor at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
Peter Zumthor : In 1966, Zumthor studied industrial design and architecture as an exchange student at Pratt Institute in New York.
Teófilo Chantre : Shortly after, her producer asked me to write for her.
Teófilo Chantre : However, other themes appear including the severity of life as well as happier emotions.
Teófilo Chantre : He learned the guitar at age 16 and continues to live in France.
Teófilo Chantre : His work has found popularity in Europe and the United States as well as Cape Verde.
Teófilo Chantre : Chantre is a singer, musician, arranger and composer.
Teófilo Chantre : This made him one of Evora’s favorite composers and the worked with her for decades afterwards.
Teófilo Chantre : They have toured France and the rest of Europe, playing venues such as the 1999 Sfinks Festival and the Barakaldo Folk Festival.
Teófilo Chantre : He sings in Creole, Portuguese and French.
Teófilo Chantre : What distinguishes Chantre’s work is influence from his love of Cuban and Brazilian music.
Teófilo Chantre : Other influences include bolero, blues and jazz.
Teófilo Chantre : His father ended up in Rotterdam and his mother settled in Paris after a time in Hamburg.
Teófilo Chantre : Bossa nova and Cuban charanga can be heard, especially in voice and strings respectively.
Teófilo Chantre : Lyrically, the concept of saudade (Portuguese for longing for the past or home) is dominant, a common theme in Cape Verde culture.
Teófilo Chantre : He was born on the island of São Nicolau, growing up with his grandparents on São Vicente Island after his parents left to find work in Europe, a common occurrence in the country.
Teófilo Chantre : At the 2014 Festival Internacional Cervantino in Mexico, Chantre paid tribute to Evora, who died in 2011.
Teófilo Chantre : He moved to be with his mother at age 14, but he missed his grandparents, leading to an attachment to the concept of "saudade", the Portuguese word for longing and present in much Cabo Verde music.
Teófilo Chantre : Chantre’s first albums did not receive much attention, but the release of the Azulando album in 2004, made him a recording artist in his own right.
Teófilo Chantre : His band contains musicians with whom he has worked for years: Jacky Fourniret on accordion; Fabrice Thompson on drums and percussion; Sébastien Gastine ondouble bass and electric bass and Kim Dan Le Oc Mach on violin.
Teófilo Chantre : He has also collaborated with other artists such as Angolan singer Bonga, guitarist Bau, bass player José Paris, composer Amandio Cabral and his father, Vitorino Chantre, writing several songs with him.
Teófilo Chantre : Teófilo Chantre (born 1964) is a Cape Verdean musician, first noted for his decades long collaboration with singer Cesaría Évora, and later for his own recordings.
Teófilo Chantre : He was responsible for three tracks on her "Miss Perfumado" album, which brought her fame and popularized Cape Verde music.
Teófilo Chantre : Chantre first became known for his work composing songs for Cape Verde singer Cesária Évora, who he met in Paris in the 1990s, after a concert both performed in.
Yvon Douis : Yvon Douis (born 16 May 1935 in Les Andelys) is a French former international footballer who played as a striker.
Yvon Douis : Douis scored in the third place play off against West Germany at Sweden 1958.
Eduardo Salvio : Salvio started his career with Lanús in 2008.
Eduardo Salvio : Eduardo Antonio Salvio (born 13 July 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Boca Juniors and the Argentina national team as a right winger.
Óscar Sevilla : He was linked to Operación Puerto doping case.
Óscar Sevilla : Óscar Miguel Sevilla Rivera (born 29 September 1976), nicknamed "El Niño", is a Spanish-Colombian professional road bicycle racer.
Óscar Sevilla : After a lacklustre 2003 season, Sevilla was injured in the 2003 UCI Road World Championships in a crash, resulting in a serious back injury.
Gabriel Caballero : He announced his retirement on 18 November 2009.
Gabriel Caballero : Caballero started playing in his native Argentina's Central Córdoba in 1989, and in 1993 he transferred to Chilean Antofagasta.
Gabriel Caballero : Caballero appeared in all three of Mexico's first round matches, against Croatia, Ecuador, and Italy.
Gabriel Caballero : Gabriel Esteban Caballero Schiker (born 5 February 1971 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina) is a Mexican-Argentine footballer professional football coach and former player who is the current manager of FC Juárez.
Gabriel Caballero : Caballero became a naturalized Mexican on 11 December 2001, and was later recruited to the national team, with whom he had the chance to play in his first World Cup in 2002, held in South Korea and Japan.
Gabriel Caballero : Cafetaleros de Tapachula
Pandeli Majko : He is member of the General Council of the Transnational Radical Party.
Pandeli Majko : In 2006, Majko came out in support of Montenegro's vote for independence from Serbia.
Pandeli Majko : He subsequently held the post of Minister of Defence from July 2002 to September 2005 in the government of Fatos Nano.
Pandeli Majko : He graduated from the University of Tirana, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, and later in Law.
Pandeli Majko : Majko has been a member of the Euro-Socialist Youth Forum of Albania (FRESH) since its foundation in 1992.
Pandeli Majko : Following the government's defeat in the 2005 elections, he returned to his former position as secretary general of the Socialist Party.
Pandeli Majko : In 1997–1998 Majko was secretary general of the Socialist Party and head of its parliamentary group.
Logan Lerman : Lerman has stated that he is a "black sheep" in his household because he is an actor, while most of his relatives work in the medical profession.
Logan Lerman : Lerman is Jewish, and had a Bar Mitzvah ceremony.
Logan Lerman : Lerman has stated that he "started taking things seriously" about his career after appearing on the show.
Logan Lerman : His mother, Lisa (née Goldman), works as his manager, and his father, Larry Lerman, is a businessman and orthotist.
Logan Lerman : He has expressed an interest in being involved in "everything that goes into making a film", including wanting to write, produce, and direct.
Logan Lerman : Lerman gained further recognition for his roles in the western "", the thriller "The Number 23", the comedy "Meet Bill", and 2009's "Gamer" and "My One and Only".
Logan Lerman : In 2010, he applied to study creative writing at New York University, but postponed his attendance.
Logan Lerman : Logan's maternal grandfather was a Polish Jewish immigrant, and Logan's maternal grandmother was born in Los Angeles, also to a Jewish immigrant family.
Logan Lerman : Lerman was born in Beverly Hills, California.
Logan Lerman : His favorite directors include Paul Thomas Anderson, Stanley Kubrick, David Fincher and Peter Bogdanovich, and he has cited "American Beauty", "Defending Your Life" and "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" as being among his favorite films.
Logan Lerman : Lerman played Lou in the independent drama film "Stuck in Love", starring alongside Lily Collins; the film received a limited U.S. release in 2013.
Logan Lerman : Logan's paternal grandmother, Mina (Schwartz), was born in Mexico City, Mexico, to Russian Jewish parents.
Logan Lerman : He appeared in commercials in the mid-1990s, before starring in the series "Jack & Bobby" (2004–2005) and the movies "The Butterfly Effect" (2004) and "Hoot" (2006).
Logan Lerman : Logan's paternal grandfather, Max Lerman, was born in Berlin, Germany, in 1927, to a Polish Jewish family; they left Germany in the 1930s, because of the Nazi regime, and lived in Shanghai, China until the end of World War II.
Logan Lerman : Lerman next co-starred with Brad Pitt and Shia LaBeouf in David Ayer's World War II-set film, "Fury"; in the film, Lerman's character is an American soldier fighting Nazi forces.
Logan Lerman : Bloomberg's reviewer described Lerman as appealing, with the "Los Angeles Times"' Betsy Sharkey stating that the character "captures the ease with which an angry teen will use a growing vocabulary to wound a parent".
Logan Lerman : He made his film debut in 2000's "The Patriot", playing William Martin, one of the children of Mel Gibson's character.
Logan Lerman : In 2003, Lerman played nine-year-old Luke Chandler in the CBS made-for-television film "A Painted House", based on the early life of author John Grisham and set in Black Oak, Arkansas in the early 1950s.
Logan Lerman : He next appeared in the 2004 thriller film "The Butterfly Effect", portraying a seven-year-old version of Ashton Kutcher's character, Evan Treborn.
Logan Lerman : The Washington Post's reviewer commented that "Lerman shows some life as Roy", though his role was "an anomaly in a sea of insipidity", while the "San Francisco Chronicle"'s reviewer disliked Lerman's performance.
Logan Lerman : A review in the "Boston Globe" described Lerman as a "promising newcomer", with the "Telegraph-Herald" commenting on the character having been "quietly and effectively played".
Robert Menasse : Robert Menasse (born 21 June 1954, in Vienna) is an Austrian writer.
Milo Ventimiglia : He also does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol.
Milo Ventimiglia : He has two older sisters, Leslie and Laurel.
Milo Ventimiglia : His father is of Italian-Sicilian descent and his mother is of English and Scottish ancestry.
Milo Ventimiglia : At eighteen, Ventimiglia studied at the American Conservatory Theater for their summer program, subsequently attending the University of California, Los Angeles as a theatre major.
Milo Ventimiglia : Afterward, he dropped down to a guest star/recurring cast member, and he came back for four episodes in season four and two episodes in season six.
Milo Ventimiglia : The comic is about John Barrett, a white-collar New Yorker whose life changes when he becomes addicted to a drug that prevents him from falling asleep.
Milo Ventimiglia : In 2008, he starred as a medical student in the horror film "Pathology".
Milo Ventimiglia : Divide also has a comic book called Berserker written by Rick Loverd.
Milo Ventimiglia : In 2005, he starred in the mid-season replacement series "The Bedford Diaries".
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia took a United Service Organization tour from July 6 to 12, 2008 in support of American troops in Kuwait, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Milo Ventimiglia : The producers had only Ventimiglia in mind, but the show lasted only eight episodes and was one of several shows not picked up by the newly formed network The CW.
Milo Ventimiglia : He enrolled at UCLA before landing a role on "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air," guest starring on television series including "", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", "" and "Boston Public."
Milo Ventimiglia : At eighteen, Ventimiglia pursued an acting career, first starring as a gay teenager in "Must Be the Music", a short film released as part of Strand Releasing's "Boys Life 2".
Milo Ventimiglia : He was named People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals' Sexiest Vegetarian in 2009.
Milo Ventimiglia : In the third and final season of "American Dreams", Ventimiglia played Chris Pierce, the rebellious boyfriend of Meg Pryor (Brittany Snow); Pierce and his single mother, Shelly (Daphne Zuniga), a Playboy bunny, move into the house next to the Pryors.
Milo Ventimiglia : The movie co-starred "Charmed" actress Alyssa Milano and was directed by Marc Schölermann for MGM.
Milo Ventimiglia : In between television work, Ventimiglia had supporting roles in the horror films "Cursed" (2005), directed by Wes Craven, and "Stay Alive" (2006), as well as starring roles in the short-film "Intelligence" and the full-length feature "Dirty Deeds" (2005).
Milo Ventimiglia : In mid-2007 he starred as the love interest of pop/R&B singer Fergie in the music video for "Big Girls Don't Cry".
Milo Ventimiglia : Milo Anthony Ventimiglia (, ; born July 8, 1977) is an American actor, director and producer.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia attended El Modena High School in Orange, California, where he wrestled, acted in drama productions and served as student government president, graduating in 1995.
Milo Ventimiglia : After working with writers Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor on "Pathology", Ventimiglia appeared in the pair's next film, "Gamer".
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia also dated his "Heroes" co-star Hayden Panettiere from December 2007 to February 2009.
Milo Ventimiglia : He played Jed Perry, in the short-lived Fox TV series, "Opposite Sex", which originally aired in 2000.
Milo Ventimiglia : He starred as Peter Petrelli on NBC's "Heroes" from 2006 to 2010, receiving nominations for Teen Choice, Saturn and People's Choice Awards.
Milo Ventimiglia : He starred as Peter Petrelli in the NBC program "Heroes", a show about "ordinary" people discovering they have superpowers, and portrayed the character until the series' conclusion in 2010.
Milo Ventimiglia : From 2002 to 2006, Ventimiglia played brooding teen Jess Mariano on "Gilmore Girls"; he was introduced in the second season as a leading cast member.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia, Cundiff, and Divide Pictures partnered with Top Cow to produce the comic series REST which will be a monthly limited series.
Milo Ventimiglia : After several roles in television series and parts in independent films, he gained recognition for his roles as Jess Mariano on the television series "Gilmore Girls" from 2001 to 2006, and as Peter Petrelli on the NBC series "Heroes" from 2006 to 2010.
Milo Ventimiglia : The same year, he was cast as Robert "Rocky Jr." Balboa, the son of Rocky Balboa, in the sixth "Rocky" installment "Rocky Balboa" which was released in December 2006.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia was born July 8, 1977. in Anaheim, California, the youngest child of Carol ("née" Wilson) and Peter Ventimiglia, a Vietnam War veteran.
Milo Ventimiglia : He played Ned Stax, a former marine, in Frank Darabont's short-lived neo-noir crime drama "Mob City" for TNT.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia has a self-described "crooked mouth," having been born with damaged nerves causing the left side of his mouth remain immobile — much like actor Sylvester Stallone, with whom he worked in "Rocky Balboa".
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia and fellow former "Gilmore Girls" co-star Alexis Bledel were in a relationship from December 2002 to June 2006.
Milo Ventimiglia : He signed on for a spin-off of "Gilmore Girls" called "Windward Circle" which was to be focused on the relationship between Jess and his estranged father (played by Rob Estes), but the proposed series never made it to air.
Milo Ventimiglia : Appearing on television as Ian Mitchell on the Crackle original series "Chosen" as well as Sean Bennigan on "The Whispers" in 2015, Ventimiglia reprised his role as Jess Mariano on Netflix's reunion miniseries, "" (2016), and stars as Jack Pearson on NBC's "This Is Us" (2016–present).
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia stars in the upcoming suspense thriller "Devil's Gate", alongside Amanda Schull.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia also starred in the Xavier Gens apocalypse thriller film, "The Divide".
Milo Ventimiglia : In 2005, Divide Pictures created the DSC, or Divide Social Club, an online and global social network for like-minded people co-founded by Ventimiglia with his best friends Russ Cundiff and Dino DeMilio, a radio producer for "The Tom Leykis Show".
Milo Ventimiglia : He did not return to voice Wolverine in "Marvel Anime: X-Men", due to that series portraying an older Wolverine, instead Wolverine was voiced by Steven Blum.
Milo Ventimiglia : Ventimiglia was the voice of Wolverine in the English dub of the "Marvel Anime: Wolverine" anime series and reprised his role in an episode of the "Marvel Anime: Iron Man" and an episode of "Marvel Anime: Blade".
Jeff Lynne : 1" and "Vol.
Jeff Lynne : His first guitar, an acoustic instrument, was bought for him by his father for £2.
Jeff Lynne : He says it "taught me how to be a producer".
Jeff Lynne : The band would soon change their name to the Idle Race.
Jeff Lynne : They practised at Shard End Community Centre and performed weekly.
Jeff Lynne : In 2014, Lynne received a star on the Birmingham Walk of Stars, and was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame the following year.
Jeff Lynne : On 5 March 2014, Lynne received an honorary doctorate degree from Birmingham City University.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne's now almost complete creative dominance as producer, songwriter, arranger, lead singer and guitarist could make ELO appear to be an almost solo effort.
Jeff Lynne : They were originally named the Rockin' Hellcats, then the Handicaps and finally the Andicaps.
Jeff Lynne : Nevertheless, Lynne was not closely involved with the development of the film, and his material consequently had only superficial attachment to the plot.
Jeff Lynne : He also produced four tracks on Regina Spektor's fifth album "Far", released 23 June 2009.
Jeff Lynne : In 1977, Lynne released his first solo single, the disco-flavoured "Doin' That Crazy Thing"/"Goin' Down to Rio".
Jeff Lynne : The following year he produced two songs on Roy Orbison's posthumous album "King of Hearts", including the single "I Drove All Night".
Jeff Lynne : Lynne contributed a cover of Buddy Holly's "Words of Love" for the tribute album "", which was released on 6 September 2011.
Jeff Lynne : In 1996, Lynne was officially recognised by his peers when he was awarded the Ivor Novello Award for "Outstanding Contributions to British Music" for a second time.
Jeff Lynne : While a live performance was taped at CBS Television City over two consecutive nights and shown on PBS (with subsequent DVD release), the tour itself was cancelled.
Jeff Lynne : 1" received nominations for the Grammy Award for Best Album of the Year in 1989.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne was born to Nancy and Philip Lynne and grew up in Shard End, Birmingham, England where he attended Alderlea Boys' Secondary School.
Jeff Lynne : The latter was a successful comeback album for Harrison, released in 1987, featuring the popular singles "Got My Mind Set on You", "When We Was Fab" (where Lynne played the violin in the video) and "This Is Love", the last two of which were co-written by Lynne.
Jeff Lynne : In a Reuters article on 23 April 2009, Lynne said that he had been working on the follow-up to his 1990 solo debut album "Armchair Theatre" with a possible tentative release date of "later this year".
Jeff Lynne : At the end of 1964, Lynne decided to leave the band to replace Mick Adkins of the local band "the Chads".
Jeff Lynne : 1952) in 1972 (divorced 1977) and then to Sandi Kapelson in 1979, with whom he has two daughters.
Jeff Lynne : On 14 September 2014, Jeff Lynne and his touring band, under the name Jeff Lynne's ELO, played a public concert for the first time in over 25 years, headlining at the Radio 2 festival in Hyde Park, London.
Jeff Lynne : Earlier in 2001, Lynne began working with George Harrison on what would turn out to be Harrison's final album, "Brainwashed".
Jeff Lynne : Lynne discusses the contractually-obligated nature of the final albums on the short interview included with the 'Zoom' DVD.
Jeff Lynne : The pinnacle of ELO's chart success and worldwide popularity was the expansive 1977 double album "Out of the Blue", which was largely conceived in a Swiss chalet during a two-week writing marathon.
Jeff Lynne : In 1981, Lynne took the band in a somewhat different direction with the science-fiction themed album "Time", reaching number one for two weeks in the UK, producing the second Top 3 single in less than two years.
Jeff Lynne : Some time in or after 1965, he acquired his first item of studio recording equipment, a Bang & Olufsen 'Beocord 2000 De Luxe' stereo reel-to-reel tape recorder, which allowed multi-tracking between left and right channels.
Jeff Lynne : Problems led to Wood's departure from ELO in 1972, after the band's eponymous first album, leaving Lynne as the band's dominant creative force.
Jeff Lynne : In February 1994, Lynne worked with the three surviving Beatles on the "Anthology" album series.
Jeff Lynne : In 1976, Lynne covered the Beatles songs "With a Little Help from My Friends" and "Nowhere Man" for "All This and World War II".
Jeff Lynne : In 1963 he formed a group with Robert Reader and David Walsh using little more than Spanish guitars and cheap electrical instruments.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne was heavily involved in the memorial "Concert for George", held at London's Royal Albert Hall in November 2002, which also featured Traveling Wilburys member Petty.
Jeff Lynne : In 1988, Lynne also worked on Orbison's album "Mystery Girl", co-writing and producing Orbison's last major hit, "You Got It", plus two other tracks on that album.
Jeff Lynne : In 2012, Walsh released his "Analog Man" album which was produced by Lynne.
Jeff Lynne : In 1990, Lynne collaborated on the Wilburys' follow up "Traveling Wilburys Vol.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne also wrote the song "The Story of Me," which was recorded by the Everly Brothers on their comeback album "EB84".
Jeff Lynne : ELO now had only three remaining official members (Lynne, Bevan and Tandy), and Lynne began devoting more time to producing.
Jeff Lynne : It received some positive critical attention but little commercial success.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne reunited in 2006 with Petty to produce the latter's third solo release, "Highway Companion".
Jeff Lynne : Lynne has also produced records for Ringo Starr and worked on Paul McCartney's Grammy nominated album "Flaming Pie".
Jeff Lynne : By 1976's "A New World Record", Lynne had almost developed the roots of the group into a more complex and unique pop-rock sound mixed with studio strings, layered vocals, and tight, catchy pop singles.
Jeff Lynne : During his time in the Electric Light Orchestra, Lynne did manage to release a few recordings under his own name.
Jeff Lynne : The album featured guest appearances by Ringo Starr, George Harrison and Richard Tandy, with Lynne multi-tracking a majority of the instruments and vocals.
Jeff Lynne : After Harrison's death from cancer on 29 November 2001, Lynne returned to the studio in 2002 to help finish the uncompleted album.
Jeff Lynne : Following a marginally successful tour, Lynne kept this general approach with 1983's "Secret Messages" and a final contractually-obligated ELO album "Balance of Power" in 1986.
Jeff Lynne : In the absence of any touring to support "Discovery", Lynne had time to contribute five tracks to the soundtrack for the 1980 film musical "Xanadu".
Jeff Lynne : In 1991, Lynne returned to the studio with Petty, co-writing and producing the album "Into the Great Wide Open" for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, which featured the singles "Learning to Fly" and "Into the Great Wide Open".
Jeff Lynne : The songs "Free as a Bird" and "Real Love" were created by digitally processing Lennon's demos for the songs and overdubbing the three surviving band members to form a virtual Beatles reunion that the band had mutually eschewed during Lennon's lifetime.
Jeff Lynne : On 9 February 2014, Lynne performed George Harrison's "Something" with Joe Walsh and Dhani Harrison on "", as well as "Hey Bulldog" from the "Yellow Submarine soundtrack", while accompanying Dave Grohl, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Beatles' performance on "The Ed Sullivan Show".
Jeff Lynne : In a March 2010 interview with the "Daily Express" newspaper, Lynne confirmed he was working on a new album with Joe Walsh and simultaneously "writing a couple of albums under his own name, though he won't tell us in which musical direction he's heading."
Jeff Lynne : In 1984, Lynne and Tandy contributed two original songs "Video!"
Jeff Lynne : The album received positive reviews but had no hit singles.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne and Tandy reunited again on 12 November 2013 to perform, under the name Jeff Lynne and Friends, "Livin' Thing" and "Mr. Blue Sky" at the Children in Need Rocks concert at Hammersmith Eventim Apollo, London.
Jeff Lynne : In 1989, Lynne co-produced "Full Moon Fever" by Tom Petty, which included the hit singles "Free Fallin'", "I Won't Back Down" and "Runnin' Down a Dream", all co-written by Lynne.
Jeff Lynne : Lynne's work in the 1990s also includes production of a 1993 album for singer-songwriter Julianna Raye entitled "Something Peculiar" and production or songwriting contributions to albums by Roger McGuinn ("Back from Rio") and Joe Cocker ("Night Calls"), songs by Aerosmith ("Lizard Love"), Tom Jones ("Lift Me Up"), Bonnie Tyler ("Time Mends a Broken Heart"), the film "Still Crazy", Hank Marvin ("Wonderful Land" and "Nivram"), Et Moi ("Drole De Vie") and the Tandy Morgan Band ("Action").
Jeff Lynne : Lynne's influence by the Beatles was clearly evident in his ELO work, and the connection to the Beatles was strengthened when Lynne produced George Harrison's "Cloud Nine."
Jeff Lynne : Lynne contributed many songs to the Move's last two albums while formulating, with Roy Wood and Bev Bevan, a band built around a fusion of rock and classical music – a project which would eventually become the highly successful Electric Light Orchestra (ELO).
Jeff Lynne : In 1988, under the pseudonyms Otis Wilbury and Clayton Wilbury, he co-founded the supergroup Traveling Wilburys with George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Roy Orbison, and Tom Petty.
El Guincho : Díaz-Reixa was born an only child in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, in the Canary Islands.
El Guincho : His musical style relies heavily on the use of sampling and incorporates elements of Afrobeat, dub, tropicália and rock and roll.
El Guincho : While in the city, he started to make music and was a member of the band Coconot
Julian Nida-Rümelin : There is no plausible naturalistic interpretation of reason, freedom, and responsibility.
Julian Nida-Rümelin : During his time in office, Nida-Rümelin voiced criticism on the implementation of the Bologna Process, the European reformation process of the higher education.
Julian Nida-Rümelin : In 1989, he was conferred the "Habilitation" (German post-doctoral qualification) from the Philosophy Department of Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
Julian Nida-Rümelin : He served as State Minister for Culture of the Federal Republic of Germany under Chancellor Schröder.
Julian Nida-Rümelin : Julian Nida-Rümelin (born November 28, 1954) is a German philosopher and public intellectual.
Mos Def : That same year he appeared in the music video You Don't Know My Name of the song by Alicia Keys.
Mos Def : In 2009, he appeared in the "House" episode entitled "Locked In" as a patient suffering from locked-in syndrome.
Manu Dibango : He was a member of the seminal Congolese rumba group, African Jazz, and has collaborated with many other musicians, including Fania All Stars, Fela Kuti, Herbie Hancock, Bill Laswell, Bernie Worrell, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, King Sunny Adé, Don Cherry, and Sly and Robbie.
Manu Dibango : Emmanuel N'Djoké Dibango (born 12 December 1933) is a Cameroonian musician and songwriter who plays saxophone and vibraphone.
Miguel Almazán : Miguel Ángel Almazán Quiróz (born May 6, 1982 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a former Mexican football defender.
Miguel Almazán : His original club Toluca debuted him on April 20, 2002 in a 2-2 tie against Cruz Azul.
Andy Priaulx : After this, he made the switch to circuit racing, where after a relatively low-key couple of years in Formula Renault UK Championship and British Formula 3 he eventually demonstrated his skills were transferable by switching to the Renault Spider championship in 1998, completely dominating it in 1999.
Andy Priaulx : He had some success at this level, but despite finishing sixth in the championship in 2001 was unable to progress further up the single-seater ladder.
Andy Priaulx : Andrew Graham "Andy" Priaulx (IPA: /priːˈoʊ/, pronounced "pree-oh"), MBE (born 8 August 1974) is a British professional racing driver from Guernsey.
Andy Priaulx : On 5 December 2010, BMW announced that it would not be continuing its factory effort in the World Touring Car Championship from 2011 onwards.
Joachim Streich : Following the end of his playing career, Streich managed 1.
Joachim Streich : This tally earned him the top scorer award four times.
Joachim Streich : The German Football Association still lists Streich with 102 caps on their website.
Joachim Streich : In 1979 and 1983 he won the East German Footballer of the Year award.
Joachim Streich : For a long time he was considered a member of the FIFA Century Club, but when FIFA changed regulations to no longer include games at the Olympic Games, four of his matches were deleted from his official FIFA record and he dropped out.
Joachim Streich : Hansa Rostock and 1.
Joachim Streich : He also scored 17 goals in 42 European matches for Rostock (4/0) and Magdeburg (38/17).
Joachim Streich : FC Magdeburg from 1975 to 1985.
Joachim Streich : Between 1969 and 1984 he was capped 102 times for East Germany, scoring 55 goals.
Joachim Streich : Streich played as a striker for Aufbau Wismar from 1957 to 1963, TSG Wismar from 1963 to 1967), Hansa Rostock from 1967 to 1975, and 1.
Joachim Streich : FC Magdeburg, Eintracht Braunschweig and FSV Zwickau.
Joachim Streich : Streich is regarded as one of the best players for East Germany and holds both the records for most appearances and goals scored for the national team.
Joachim Streich : Streich took part in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, scoring 2 goals in 4 matches.
Dirk Marcellis : He retired in 2018 due to a severe knee injury.
Dirk Marcellis : Dirk Marcellis (born 13 April 1988) is a former Dutch footballer who played as a centre back.
Raymond Depardon : In 1973 he became Gamma’s director.
Raymond Depardon : In 1966, Depardon co-founded the photojournalism agency Gamma.
Raymond Depardon : His approach as a director is influenced by cinéma vérité and direct cinema.
Antonis Fostieris : He studied Law at the University of Athens and History of Law at Sorbonne, Paris.
Antonis Fostieris : Andonis Fostieris (; born 1953) is a Greek poet.
Antonis Fostieris : Fostieris is one of the eminent poets of the so-called Generation of the Seventies Genia tou 70, which is a literary term referring to Greek authors who began publishing their work during the 1970s, especially towards the end of the Greek military junta of 1967-1974 and at the first years of the Metapolitefsi.
Pep Guardiola : Furthermore, he became the youngest man to coach a Champions League winning team.
Pep Guardiola : He later captained the team from 1997 until his departure from the club in 2001.
Pep Guardiola : They have three children named Maria, Màrius and Valentina.
Pep Guardiola : Also in the first leg, Guardiola lost his first match at the Santiago Bernabéu.
Pep Guardiola : Guardiola met his wife when he was 18.
Pep Guardiola : In the same year, Guardiola captained Spain when they won a gold medal at the Barcelona Olympic Games.
Pep Guardiola : On 20 December, Bayern confirmed that Guardiola was leaving the club after his contract expires at the end of the season, with Carlo Ancelotti his replacement for the 2016–17 season.
Pep Guardiola : In 2015, he confirmed that he would participate in the pro-independence coalition Junts pel Sí in that year's regional parliamentary election.
Pep Guardiola : Josep "Pep" Guardiola Sala (; born 18 January 1971) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player, who is the current manager of club Manchester City.
Pep Guardiola : On 28 May, Barcelona beat Manchester United 3–1 at Wembley Stadium to win the Champions League.
Pep Guardiola : His first official match was the German Super Cup against Borussia Dortmund, with Bayern losing 4–2.
Pep Guardiola : On 5 August, City began the season with a 0–2 victory over Chelsea and won the 2018 FA Community Shield.On 24 February 2019, his side faced Chelsea in the EFL Cup Final held at Wembley Stadium.
Peter Svidler : In 1993 he started work with coach and International Master Andrei Lukin.
Peter Svidler : Pyotr Veniaminovich Svidler (; born 17 June 1976) is a Russian chess grandmaster and an eight-time Russian Chess Champion who now frequently commentates on chess.
Tommy Svensson : After retiring, he started working as the Östers IF coach.
Tommy Svensson : He is the son of Stig Svensson and the uncle of Joachim Björklund.
Tommy Svensson : Leif Tommy Svensson (born 4 March 1945) is a Swedish football manager and former player.
Jean-François Bernard : He is the father of racing cyclist Julien Bernard.
Jean-François Bernard : Jean-François Bernard (born 2 May 1962 at Luzy, Bourgogne, France) is a former French professional road bicycle racer.
Fabrice Muamba : In 1999, he was granted indefinite leave to remain, at which time he was joined by the rest of the family.
Fabrice Muamba : His father fled the country in 1994 because of his political views and arrived in the United Kingdom seeking asylum.
Fabrice Muamba : The fans were equally impressed, voting him their Young Player of the Season.
Fabrice Muamba : Despite having arrived in Britain aged 11, unable to speak English, he went on to achieve 10 GCSEs and A-levels in English, French and mathematics.
Fabrice Muamba : By 21 March, his consultant suggested that Muamba's progress had "exceeded our expectations" and that although he faced a "lengthy recovery period", "normal life is within the spectrum of possibility".
Fabrice Muamba : Following medical advice, he announced his retirement from professional football in August 2012.
Fabrice Muamba : Muamba was born in Kinshasa, Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo).
Fabrice Muamba : Later that day his condition was described as "serious" rather than "critical" and he was able to recognise family members and respond appropriately to questions.
Fabrice Muamba : Muamba was associated with Arsenal's youth system as a schoolboy from 2002, joining their Academy as a first-year scholar in August 2004.
Fabrice Muamba : After a slow start, his energetic style of play, which has been likened to that of his hero Patrick Vieira, established him as a regular starter in central midfield.
Fabrice Muamba : The match was abandoned by referee Howard Webb, and Bolton's next game, against Aston Villa, due to be played three days later, was postponed at the club's request.
Fabrice Muamba : They settled in east London, where Muamba attended Kelmscott School in Walthamstow.
Fabrice Muamba : On 15 August 2012, Bolton announced that Muamba had retired from professional football, based on the recommendation of his medical team.
Fabrice Muamba : Fabrice Ndala Muamba (born 6 April 1988) is an English retired professional footballer who played for Arsenal, Birmingham City and Bolton Wanderers as a central midfielder.
Fabrice Muamba : Two weeks after the incident, a photograph was released of Muamba sitting up in his hospital bed and smiling.
Fabrice Muamba : In recognition of his impressive 2009–10 season at Bolton, he was named as "The Bolton News" Player of the Season.
Fabrice Muamba : He scored his first goal for the club against Wigan Athletic on 13 March 2010.
Fabrice Muamba : Bolton's club doctor later confirmed that Muamba had received numerous defibrillator shocks both on the pitch and in the ambulance, but his heart had stopped for 78 minutes.
Fabrice Muamba : Muamba attended Bolton's home match against Tottenham Hotspur on 2 May, where he expressed his gratitude for the support he had received.
Fabrice Muamba : After receiving lengthy attention on the pitch from medical personnel – including a consultant cardiologist who was at the game as a fan – Muamba was taken to the specialist coronary care unit at the London Chest Hospital.
Fabrice Muamba : He made his second and final first team appearance for Arsenal in the next round, against Reading, where he contributed to a 3–0 victory.
Fabrice Muamba : In August 2006, Muamba joined Championship club Birmingham City on a season-long loan.
Fabrice Muamba : He signed his first professional contract in October 2005 and made his first team debut on 25 October in a League Cup tie against Sunderland, in front of a 47,000 crowd at the Stadium of Light.
Fabrice Muamba : Muamba scored on the opening day of the 2011–12 league season, in Bolton's 4–0 away win against Queens Park Rangers.
Fabrice Muamba : On 17 March 2012, Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed during the first half of an FA Cup quarter-final match between Bolton and Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane.
Fabrice Muamba : On 7 August, Muamba signed a new four-year contract with Bolton.
Fabrice Muamba : On 11 May 2007 Muamba made his move to Birmingham City permanent, signing a three-year contract for a fee reported by the club of £4 million.
Fabrice Muamba : He scored his first goal for the club, a close-range volley from a corner, on 12 March 2008 in a 4–2 defeat at Portsmouth.
Fabrice Muamba : He then scored his first ever goal in the League Cup, against his old club Arsenal in a 2–1 defeat.
Owen Hargreaves : Statistics accurate as of match played 28 May 2008.
Owen Hargreaves : He did not begin to play football seriously until the age of 15.
Owen Hargreaves : In October 2005, he extended his contract at Bayern for another four years.
Owen Hargreaves : His father played football for the Bolton Wanderers youth side and also for the Calgary Kickers of the Canadian Soccer League.
Owen Hargreaves : His first start came against SpVgg Unterhaching on 16 September 2000.
Owen Hargreaves : In the 2001–02 season Hargreaves established himself as a first team regular.
Owen Hargreaves : Owen Lee Hargreaves (born 20 January 1981) is a former footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport.
Owen Hargreaves : His brother Darren and his mother were both born in Wales; his other brother Neil and his father were born in England.
Owen Hargreaves : Hargreaves was born in Calgary, Alberta, as the youngest of three children of Margaret and Colin Hargreaves, who had emigrated from the United Kingdom at the start of the 1980s.
Rob Reiner : As a director, Reiner was recognized by the Directors Guild of America (DGA) with nominations for the coming of age drama film "Stand by Me" (1986), the romantic comedy "When Harry Met Sally..." (1989), and the military courtroom drama "A Few Good Men" (1992).
Rob Reiner : His lobbying as an anti-smoking advocate, in particular, prompted his likeness to be used in a satirical role in a "South Park" episode titled "Butt Out".
Rob Reiner : Robert Reiner (born March 6, 1947) is an American actor, comedian, and filmmaker.
Rob Reiner : As a child, Reiner lived at 48 Bonnie Meadow Road in New Rochelle, New York; the home of the fictional Petrie family in "The Dick Van Dyke Show", created by Rob's father, was 148 Bonnie Meadow Lane.
Bob Cousy : Soon, he was called "Houdini of the Hardwood" after the magician Harry Houdini.
Bob Cousy : That same year, he fell out of a tree and broke his right hand.
Bob Cousy : In the next three years, Cousy firmly established himself as one of the league's best point guards.
Bob Cousy : Holy Cross became the first New England college to win the NCAA tournament.
Bob Cousy : After retiring as a player, Cousy published his autobiography "Basketball Is My Life" in 1963, and in the same year became coach at Boston College.
Bob Cousy : In his six seasons there, he had a record of 117 wins and 38 losses and was named New England Coach of the Year for 1968 and 1969.
Younes El Aynaoui : He is a five-time singles winner on the ATP Tour and reached his career-high singles ranking of world No.
Younes El Aynaoui : El Aynaoui is an extremely popular figure in Morocco.
Younes El Aynaoui : He received a gold medal – the nation's highest sporting honor – from King Mohammed VI.
Younes El Aynaoui : Younes El Aynaoui () (born 12 September 1971) is a professional tennis player from Morocco.
Younes El Aynaoui : The center court of the Royal Tennis Club in Marrakech is named after El Aynaoui.
Younes El Aynaoui : In a 2003 poll by leading Moroccan newspaper "L'Economiste", readers named El Aynaoui their favorite role model for society, ahead of the prime minister and athletics star Hicham El Guerrouj.
Younes El Aynaoui : He won two matches, against Rusedski and Philippoussis.
Younes El Aynaoui : After a three-year hiatus due to injury, El Aynaoui made a comeback to the ATP tour in January 2007, and was awarded a wildcard at the Qatar Open, Doha.
Younes El Aynaoui : In March 2017, at the age of 45, El Aynaoui participated in a $15,000 USD tournament in Manama, Bahrain on the ITF Men's Circuit.
Kazushi Kimura : He played 54 games and scored 26 goals for Japan until 1986.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : The terms of the settlement are protected by a confidentiality agreement.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : The company settled the suit in 2002.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien is fluent in French, English and Russian.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Mission duration was 10 days, 19 hours, 21 minutes.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He filed a $15 million lawsuit against Home Depot several months after the accident.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : His father, Jacques, was a Navy sailor, and his mother, the former Marie-Blanche Coudurier, was a housewife.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He was forced to retire from the space program in 2001.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : The injuries to his neck, head and shoulders were severe enough that a NASA flight surgeon determined that Chrétien could no longer fly.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien was born in the town of La Rochelle, France.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien was the first Frenchman and the first western European in space.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He was married to and then divorced from Amy Kristine Jensen of New Canaan, Connecticut, and had five children (one deceased).
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He was initially assigned to work technical issues for the Operations Planning Branch of the Astronaut Office.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : In September 2000, while visiting a Home Depot store in Webster, Texas, he was hit by a drill press that fell from a shelf more than above him.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Former Counselor for Space Activities (Manned) to the President of Dassault Aviation.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien is currently working for Tietronix Software as the vice president of Research and Development in Houston, Texas.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He entered the École de l'Air (the French Air Force Academy) at Salon-de-Provence and graduated in 1961, receiving a master's degree in aeronautical engineering.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Member of the Board of BRIT AIR, an airline in his hometown, Morlaix.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He has also flown the Tupolev 154 and MiG-25 aircraft, flying simulators equivalent to the Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA).
Jean-Loup Chrétien : He served on the crew of STS-86 Atlantis (25 September to 6 October 1997) the seventh mission to rendezvous and dock with the Russian Space Station Mir.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Member of the board of the ""Académie de l'Air et de l'Espace"", and the French Air and Space Museum.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Member of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the International Academy of Astronautics, and the Association of Space Explorers.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Jean-Loup Jacques Marie Chrétien (born 20 August 1938) is a French retired "Général de Brigade" (brigadier general) in the "Armée de l'Air" (French air force), and a former CNES spationaut.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Highlights included the delivery of a Mir attitude control computer, the exchange of U.S. crew members Mike Foale and David Wolf, a spacewalk by Scott Parazynski and Vladimir Titov to retrieve four experiments first deployed on Mir during the STS-76 docking mission, the transfer to Mir of 10,400 pounds of science and logistics, and the return of experiment hardware and results to Earth.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien attended ASCAN Training at the Johnson Space Center during 1995.
Jean-Loup Chrétien : Chrétien was educated at L'École communale à Ploujean, the Collège Saint-Charles à Saint-Brieuc, and the Lycée de Morlaix.
Jonathan Sesma : Jonathan Sesma González (born 14 November 1978) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Marino as a left winger.
Jonathan Sesma : Released in 2003, he moved to Cádiz CF with which he was an instant hit, scoring 23 goals in his first two years combined and achieving promotion to La Liga in his second.
Yukihiro Matsumoto : Matsumoto is married and has four children.
Yukihiro Matsumoto : According to an interview conducted by "Japan Inc.", he was a self-taught programmer until the end of high school.
Yukihiro Matsumoto : Born in Osaka Prefecture, Japan, he was raised in Tottori Prefecture from the age of four.
Yukihiro Matsumoto : He graduated with an information science degree from University of Tsukuba, where he was a member of Ikuo Nakata's research lab on programming languages and compilers.
Yukihiro Matsumoto : Matsumoto has been listed as an investor for Treasure Data; many of the company's programs such as Fluentd use Ruby as their primary language.
Xabi Pascual : Carlos Xabier 'Xabi' Pascual Luca de Tena (born 9 July 1981) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Argentine club Deportivo Español as a goalkeeper.
Satoshi Tezuka : He played 25 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1988.
James Nachtwey : In 2001, he was a founding member of the VII Photo Agency (he disassociated from VII in August 2011).
James Nachtwey : In 2003, Nachtwey was injured in a grenade attack on his convoy while working in Baghdad, from which he made a full recovery.
James Nachtwey : He worked for Black Star from 1980 until 1985 and was a member of Magnum Photos from 1986 until 2001.
James Nachtwey : James Nachtwey (born March 14, 1948) is an American photojournalist and war photographer.
James Nachtwey : Nachtwey grew up in Massachusetts and graduated from Dartmouth College, where he studied art history and political science (1966–70).
James Nachtwey : In 1981, he covered his first assignment in Northern Ireland illustrating civil strife.
James Nachtwey : Directed by Christian Frei, the film received an Academy Award nomination for best documentary film.
Andrea Iannone : He was also competitive in Barcelona, but received a ride-through penalty for overtaking Yuki Takahashi under yellow flag conditions.
Andrea Iannone : This was heavily criticised by the media and lost Iannone some sponsorship; Iannone then apologised to Espargaró at the next race at Estoril.
Andrea Iannone : He then went on to win again at Motorland Aragón, a track which was new to the MotoGP calendar in .
Andrea Iannone : Andrea Iannone (born 9 August 1989) is an Italian professional motorcycle racer who currently competes in the world championship at MotoGP level, for Aprilia Racing Team Gresini.
Liev Schreiber : On September 26, 2016, Schreiber and Watts announced their separation, after 11 years together.
Liev Schreiber : Rumors regarding his relationship with British-Australian actress Naomi Watts (with whom he appeared in "The Painted Veil") have questioned whether the couple are married.
Liev Schreiber : That year, he made his debut as a film director and writer with "Everything Is Illuminated" (2005), based on the novel of the same name.
Liev Schreiber : Isaac Liev Schreiber (; born October 4, 1967) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer.
Liev Schreiber : In March 1989, he played Antonio in "The Merchant of Venice" alongside Jeffrey Donovan.
Dan Graham : He lives and works in New York.
Dan Graham : As such the same work changes according to its physical/structural location within the world.
Dan Graham : In each image Wall chooses a different sky.
Dan Graham : Other realized pavilions by Graham include:
Dan Graham : In 2001, a retrospective was held covering his 35-year career.
Dan Graham : He has also written books along with other writers.
Dan Graham : He worked there until 1965, when he started creating his own conceptual pieces.
Dan Graham : Each child is shown half-length and viewed from below against the background of a sky.
Dan Graham : The structures are similar in their study of space and light.
Dan Graham : Few of Graham's works have been commissioned or exhibited in the United States.
Dan Graham : Many of the books are a collection of essays about his works.
Dan Graham : Graham grew up in New Jersey.
Dan Graham : The "article" is an assembly of texts including his photographs.
Dan Graham : Graham's popularity has grown since he started his walk-in pavilions and he has received commissions all over the world.
Dan Graham : In the past thirty years, Dan Graham has proved himself to be a wide-ranging artist.
Dan Graham : Wooden lattice and steel are other materials most commonly used in his work.
Dan Graham : Dan Graham has made major contributions through his writing.
Dan Graham : "Minor Threat" documents the youth culture surrounding the band of the same name.
Dan Graham : Graham exhibited a predominantly minimalist aesthetic in his earlier photographs and prints.
Dan Graham : His pavilions combine architecture and art.
Dan Graham : These prolific events and changes in history affected the conceptual art and minimalist movements.
Dan Graham : This transparent and reflective pavilion transformed the roof of 548 West 22nd Street into a rooftop park.
Dan Graham : All the photographs taken were of single-family homes around the American suburbs.
Dan Graham : He has contributed inquisitorial ads in newspapers and writings in magazines.
Dan Graham : Graham's work was always firmly based within conceptual art practice.
Dan Graham : Wall's nine circular framed photographs of children belonging to many nationalities and ethnic backgrounds surround the room.
Dan Graham : He works as an art critic, writing revealing articles about fellow artists.
Dan Graham : A collaboration with Jeff Wall, the pavilion is a very conceptual piece relating to the children of the nation.
Dan Graham : His pavilions are created for the public experience.
Dan Graham : Daniel "Dan" Graham (born March 31, 1942) is an American artist, writer, and curator.
Dan Graham : The pavilions create a unique experience for the viewer.
Dan Graham : Of his magazine work, Graham said, These photographs question the relationship between public and private architecture and the ways in which each space affects behavior.
Dan Graham : He observes the changes in beliefs and superstitions in the Shaker religion since the 18th century, and relates them to the development of rock culture.
Dan Graham : In these works Graham explicitly invokes theories of structural linguistics, especially the work of Jacques Lacan.
Dan Graham : His prints of numeric sequences, words, graphs, and graphics strongly reflect his minimalist qualities.
Dan Graham : The MIT Art Center calls his pavilions rigorously conceptual, uniquely beautiful, and insistently public.
Dan Graham : The glass wall of the structure reflects and distorts light much like Grahams sculptures.
Dan Graham : The pavilion captures the surrounding landscape and changes of light creating an intense visual effect with the sky.
Dan Graham : Some of his first conceptual works dealt with different forms of printed artwork of numeric sequences.
Dan Graham : In addition to his visual works, he has published a large array of critical and speculative writing.
Dan Graham : Another important exhibition featuring Graham was "Public/Private", an exhibition that traveled to four different venues.
Dan Graham : His earliest work dealt with the magazine page, predating but often associated with Conceptual art.
Dan Graham : In 1981, Graham started work on a decade long project in New York City.
Dan Graham : His installations such as "Public Space/Two Audiences" (1976) or "Yesterday/Today" (1975) further inspired his move to the indoor and outdoor pavilions he most recently designs.
Dan Graham : His later works have become very conceptual, and examine the relationships between interior space, exterior space, and the perception of the viewer when anticipated boundaries are changed.
Dan Graham : After numerous commissions in Europe, the Children's Pavilion (1988–93) was actually the first piece Graham was commissioned to do in the United States.
Dan Graham : With the latter Graham draws on the actual physical structure of the magazine in which it is printed for the content of the work itself.
Dan Graham : In 1965 Graham began shooting color photographs for his series "Homes For America".
Dan Graham : This photo series, one of the first artworks in the space of text, was published as a twopage spread in Arts Magazine.
Dan Graham : Graham has collaborated previously with Japanther on the rock puppet opera "Don't Trust Anyone Over Thirty: Entertainment by Dan Graham with Tony Oursler and Other Collaborators" (2004).
Dan Graham : It is a circular shaped room with an oculus that is both transparent and reflective at the top, so the viewers on the outside of the building could look inside as well.
Dan Graham : "Rock My Religion" (1984) explores rock music as an art form and draws a parallel between it and the development of the Shaker religion in America.
Dan Graham : The photographs were also chosen for the exhibition "Projected Art" at the Finch College Museum of Art.
Dan Graham : Dan Graham's artworks are said to blur the line between sculpture and architecture.
Dan Graham : Other works include "Site Effects/Common Drugs" (1966) and "Detumescence (1966)".
Dan Graham : For the Performa festival in 2007, Dan Graham designed the stage set made for New York-based band Japanther's performance.
Dan Graham : His pavilions are steel and glass sculptures which create a different space which disorients the viewer from his or her usual surroundings or knowledge of space.
Dan Graham : "Roll" (1970) was a performance exercise in phenomenology similar to Bruce Nauman's early films.
Dan Graham : When he was 3, Graham moved from Illinois to Winfield Township, New Jersey, and then to nearby Westfield when he was 14.
Dan Graham : His many conceptual pavilions including "Two Way Mirror with Hedge Labyrinth" (1989) and "Two Way Mirror and Open Wood Screen Triangular Pavilion" (1990) have increased his popularity as an artist.
Dan Graham : Graham also incorporated video into installations, creating environments where video technology is used to alter the viewer's own bodily experience.
Dan Graham : In 1991, the Witte de With Center for Contemporary Art attempted to realise the pavilion on Rotterdam's Ommoord district; the plan was eventually abandoned in 1994.
Dan Graham : His early breakthrough-work however was a series of magazine-style photographs with text, "Homes for America" (1966–67), which counterpoints the monotonous and alienating effect of 1960's housing developments with their supposed desirability and the physical-geometry of a printed article.
Dan Graham : They are made of a few huge panes of glass or mirror, or of half-mirrored glass that is both reflective and transparent.
Dan Graham : In 1991, an exhibition of his pavilions and photographs was held at the Lisson Gallery in London.
Dan Graham : Dan Graham was born in Urbana, Illinois, the son of a chemist and an educational psychologist.
Dan Graham : Writer Brian Wallis has said that Graham's works “displayed a profound faith in the idea of the present, [he] sought to comprehend post-war American culture through imaginative new forms of analytical investigation, facto-graphic reportage, and quasi-scientific mappings of space/time relationships.” Graham's work has been influenced by the social change of the Civil Rights Movement, The Vietnam War, the Women's liberation movement as well as many other cultural changes.
Dan Graham : In it, Graham analyses the social implications of this subculture, treating it "as a tribal rite, a catalyst for the violence and frustration of its predominantly male, teenage audience."
Dan Graham : Early examples were photographs and numerological sequences, often printed in magazines, for example "Figurative (1965)" and "Schema (1966)".
Dan Graham : Related works include "Children's Pavilion (Chambre d'Amis)" (1986), "Skateboard Pavilion" (1989), and "Funhouse for the Children of Saint-Janslein" (1997–99).
Dan Graham : Like LeWitt, Morris, Smithson and Flavin, Graham has worked at the intersection of minimalism and conceptual art.
Dan Graham : In 1974, he created an installation with a series of videos called "Time Delay Room", which used time-delayed Closed-circuit television cameras and video projections.
Dan Graham : Graham's work has also been exhibited at the Venice Biennale (1976, 2003, 2004 and 2005), documentas V, VI, VII, IX and X (1972, 1977, 1982, 1992 and 1997), and at Skulptur Projekte Münster '87 and '97.
Dan Graham : The most read include "Two Way Mirror Power: Selected Writings by Dan Graham on His Art, Half Square Half Crazy", and "Sympathy for the Devil: Art and Rock and Roll since 1967".
Dan Graham : The show, which included his pavilions, architectural photographs and models, performances, and video installations, had its opening in 1994 at the Moore College of Art and Design.
Dan Graham : The pavilion consists of an S-shaped curve of slightly reflective glass, bookended by two parallel ivy hedgerows.
Dan Graham : Like these artists, Graham considered himself a writer-artist, publishing essays and reviews on rock music, Dwight D. Eisenhower's paintings, and Dean Martin's television show.
Dan Graham : Graham worked on the piece in collaboration with architects Mojdeh Baratloo and Clifton Balch.
Dan Graham : In fact, the only major work commissioned in the U.S. in the last decade was the Rooftop Urban Park Project, in which he designed the piece "Two-Way Mirror Cylinder Inside Cube and Video Salon" (1981–1991).
Dan Graham : Since the 1980s, Graham has been working on an ongoing series of freestanding, sculptural objects called pavilions.
Dan Graham : Lastly, Graham produced a number of video documentaries, such as "Rock My Religion" from (1983–84) and "Minor Threat" (1983).
Dan Graham : Some other commissions in the U.S. are "Yin/Yang" at MIT, the labyrinth at the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden, and at Middlebury College, and in Madison Square Park.
Dan Graham : Graham produced a number of videos that documented his performance works, such as the 1972 "Past Future Split Attention", in which the conversation of two acquaintances becomes a cacophony of simultaneous speech and interruption.
Dan Graham : The "Two-Way Mirror Cylinder Inside Cube and Video Salon" has become one of his most well-known works throughout his art career.
Dan Graham : For a temporary installation in the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s roof garden is, "Hedge Two-Way Mirror Walkabout" (2014) is a collaboration with the Swiss landscape architect Günther Vogt.
Dan Graham : Dan Graham's pavilion works have been compared to Ryue Nishizawa and Kazuyo Sjima’s work on the Kanazawa Museum.
Dan Graham : His work consists of performance art, installations, video, sculpture, and photography.
Dan Graham : In 1969, Graham focused on performance and film that explored the social dynamic of the audience, incorporating them into the work, leading to an 80 ft photo series, "Sunset to Sunrise".
Dan Graham : Graham's most complex interrogation of this is the performance Performer/Audience/Mirror (1977), in which he stands between a large mirror and an audience, describing himself, the audience, his reflection, and the audience's reflection in sequential phases of continuous commentary.
Dan Graham : In 2009, another major retropspective was mounted in the U.S., showing at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles; Whitney Museum of American Art, New York and the Walker Art Center, Minneapolis.
Dan Graham : In Sarah Lehrer-Graiwer's publication "Pep Talk" in 2009, Graham gave "Artists' and Architects' Work That Influenced Me" (in alphabetical order): Michael Asher, Larry Bell, Flavin, Itsuko Hasegawa, LeWitt, Roy Lichtenstein, Robert Mangold, Bruce Nauman, Claes Oldenburg, Kazuo Shinohara, Michael Snow, Mies van der Rohe and Robert Venturi.
Dan Graham : The museums holding the event included the Musee d'Art Moderne de la Ville in Paris, Kroller-Muller Museum in Otterlo, the Netherlands, and Kiasma Museum in Helsinki, Finland.
Dan Graham : His work often focuses on cultural phenomena, and incorporates photography, video, performance art, glass and mirror structures.
Dan Graham : After this Graham broadened his conceptual practice development with performance, film, video and sculpture including "Rock My Religion" (1984) and "Performer/Audience/Mirror" (1975).
Dan Graham : Graham's first solo show was held in 1969 at the John Daniels Gallery in New York.
Dan Graham : Graham began his art career in 1964, at the age of 22, when he founded the John Daniels Gallery in New York.
Dan Graham : The work "Two-Way Mirror Cylinder Inside Cube and Video Salon" was part of the Rooftop Urban Park Project.
Dan Graham : In 1964 he began directing the John Daniels Gallery in New York, where he put on Sol LeWitt's first one-man show, and in groups shows, exhibited works of Donald Judd, Dara Birnbaum, Dan Flavin and Robert Smithson.
Vladimiro Roca : He was released from prison on 6 May 2002, 70 days before his five-year-sentence would have expired.
Vladimiro Roca : Roca entered prison an atheist, but was baptised Roman Catholic on 24 September 1999.
Vladimiro Roca : Roca is the son of Blas Roca Calderio, one of the founders of the Communist Party of Cuba.
Vladimiro Roca : They then published a paper titled "The Homeland Belongs to All," which discussed Cuba's human rights situation and called for political and economic reforms.
Vladimiro Roca : In August 1996, he linked up with three other Cuban professionals who favored change, economist Marta Beatriz Roque, engineer Félix Bonne Carcassés and attorney René Gómez Manzano to form the Working Group for Internal Dissidence.
Lee Chung-yong : On 31 May 2008, Lee was given his national team debut by manager Huh Jung-Moo in the 2010 FIFA World Cup Qualification match against Jordan.
Lee Chung-yong : Lee Chung-yong (; ; born 2 July 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a winger for 2.
Ian Paice : The album also features former Deep Purple guitarist Ritchie Blackmore.
Ian Paice : Primarily a club band, the Maze produced a number of singles, recorded mainly in Italy and France.
Ian Paice : He began his professional career in the late 1950s playing drums in his father's dance band.
Ian Paice : Paice's early influences include jazz and rock drummers such as Gene Krupa, Buddy Rich, Bobby Elliott, Ringo Starr and Charles Connor, and later he was inspired by Carmine Appice, Ginger Baker and Mitch Mitchell.
Luis García Postigo : After struggling in his second season, he was loaned out to Real Sociedad.
Luis García Postigo : Today he is a football commentator for TV Azteca and narrates alongside Argentine Mexican commentator Christian Martinoli.
Luis García Postigo : After retiring, he picked up a commentator spot with TV Azteca.
Luis García Postigo : Luis García Postigo (born 1 June 1969 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a former international Mexican footballer who played primarily as a striker but also played as a winger.
Luis García Postigo : For the Mexico national team, he compiled 78 caps, scoring 29 goals and played in the 1994 World Cup, scoring both Mexican goals in their first round victory versus the Republic of Ireland.
Paolo Longo Borghini : Paolo Longo Borghini (born 10 December 1980 in Asiago) is a retired Italian professional road bicycle racer.
Pablo Zabaleta : At the age of 14, Zabaleta was called up by Hugo Tocalli to the Argentina under-15 squad.
Pablo Zabaleta : He started playing as a defensive midfielder but eventually moved to the right side of midfield.
Pablo Zabaleta : Born in Buenos Aires, Zabaleta was raised in Arrecifes.
Pablo Zabaleta : On 5 October, he received his first red card in English football when he was sent off in a 3–2 loss to Liverpool in his fourth Premier League appearance.
Pablo Zabaleta : On 26 May 2017, Zabaleta signed for Premier League club West Ham United on a free transfer, agreeing to a two-year contract.
Pablo Zabaleta : Pablo Javier Zabaleta Girod (; born 16 January 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right back for English club West Ham United and the Argentina national team.
Pablo Zabaleta : He began his career at Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro in 2002 after progressing through their youth ranks, having been signed at the age of 12 from local club "Obras Sanitarias".
Dan Simmons : Uncollected short stories:
Dan Simmons : Dan Simmons (born April 4, 1948) is an American science fiction and horror writer.
Dan Simmons : "The Terror" (2007) was adapted as an AMC TV 10 episode-mini-series in 2018 and received generally positive reviews upon release.
Dan Simmons : in English from Wabash College in 1970 and, in 1971, a Masters in Education from Washington University in St. Louis.
Dan Simmons : He is the author of the Hyperion Cantos and the Ilium/Olympos cycles, among other works which span the science fiction, horror, and fantasy genres, sometimes within a single novel.
Dan Simmons : In 2011, actor Bradley Cooper expressed interest in taking over the adaptation.
Dan Simmons : In 2009, Scott Derrickson was set to direct ""Hyperion Cantos"" for Warner Bros. and Graham King, with Trevor Sands penning the script to blend the first two cantos "Hyperion" and "The Fall of Hyperion" into one film.
Dwyane Wade : The U.S. national team won a bronze medal.
Dwyane Wade : James regarded the dunk as "great, probably top 10 all-time".
Dwyane Wade : The Heat lost the series 4–2.
Dwyane Wade : Wade also raises a nephew, the son of Wade's sister Deanna.
Dwyane Wade : He divorced her in 2010 after an acrimonious court battle.
Dwyane Wade : He suffered a strained rib muscle in Game Five that prevented him from playing in the sixth game and limited him in the seventh.
Dwyane Wade : Wade was named the MVP of the Midwest Regional.
Dwyane Wade : Wade is a Christian and chose the number 3 throughout most of his career because it represents the Holy Trinity.
Dwyane Wade : He tithes 10% of his salary to a church in Chicago.
Dwyane Wade : The following day, Wade was suspended by the NBA for one game.
Dwyane Wade : Wade began dating actress Gabrielle Union in 2009.
Dwyane Wade : In 2011, Wade was granted sole custody of his two children.
Dwyane Wade : Wade ranked first in free-throw attempts per 48 minutes in 2004–05 and again in the 2006–07 season.
Dwyane Wade : It ordinarily requires student-athletes to have graduated for jersey retirement, but made an exception for Wade.
Dwyane Wade : In 2007, "Esquire" named him to their 4th annual Best Dressed Men in the World list for the second straight year.
Dwyane Wade : Wade's main weakness was three-point shooting; he averaged 29% for his career.
Dwyane Wade : On November 7, 2018, Wade became a father for the fourth time, when he and Union welcomed their daughter, who was born via surrogate.
Dwyane Wade : The team competed in the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan, in which Wade averaged 19.3 points per game.
Dwyane Wade : On offense, he was one of the quickest and most difficult players to guard, as well as one of the best slashers in NBA history.
Dwyane Wade : Wade grew up idolizing Michael Jordan and modeled his game after him.
Dwyane Wade : Wade scored 42 points in Game Two and 36 in Game Three despite playing with sinusitis, the flu, and a knee strain.
Dwyane Wade : Wade was recruited to play basketball only by Marquette, Illinois State, and DePaul, due to academic issues.
Dwyane Wade : During that time, Wade and longtime friend Aja Metoyer conceived a son.
Dwyane Wade : Marquette finished with a 26–7 record, their best since the 1993–94 season.
Dwyane Wade : Wade's triple double was the fourth ever recorded in NCAA tournament history.
Dwyane Wade : Wade credited Tragil as the person most responsible for pointing him in the right direction.
Dwyane Wade : Wade married his high school girlfriend Siohvaughn Funches in 2002.
Dwyane Wade : He had his own line of shoes with Converse named "The Wade" and a series of Sidekick phones known as the D-Wade Edition with T-Mobile.
Dwyane Wade : The Spurs took Game Five despite Wade's 25 points and 10 assists.
Dwyane Wade : On November 12, Wade made a spectacular dunk over Cavalier Anderson Varejão.
Dwyane Wade : The Heat lost to the San Antonio Spurs in the 2014 NBA Finals in five games.
Dwyane Wade : Wade became the second player to record 15 or more assists after scoring 50-plus points since Wilt Chamberlain.
Dwyane Wade : Thorpe said that Wade's best moves from the post were his turnaround jump shot, double pivot, and what Thorpe termed a "freeze fake", a pump fake Wade used to get his opponent to jump, so that he could drive around him.
Dwyane Wade : In May 2008, Wade purchased a church building for his mother's ministry.
Dwyane Wade : His 33.8 player efficiency rating (PER) over the NBA finals was ranked by John Hollinger of ESPN as the best since the NBA-ABA merger.
Dwyane Wade : In the 2013–14 season, Wade missed 28 games from injuries and the team's decision to rest him during "back-to-back" games.
Dwyane Wade : After winning the NBA Finals MVP Award in 2006, Wade developed a reputation as one of the league's premier clutch players.
Dwyane Wade : Wade was subsequently named to the All-America First Team by the Associated Press (AP), making him the first basketball player from Marquette to receive the distinction since 1978.
Dwyane Wade : After a 5–15 start, the Heat gradually improved to finish 42–40 and qualify for the playoffs.
Dwyane Wade : During the off-season, the Miami-Dade County commission renamed the area "Miami-Wade County" from July 1 to 7, a week that coincided with the start of free agency, intended to help convince Wade to stay with the Heat.
Dwyane Wade : The Heat won the series in six games, advancing to their fourth straight NBA Finals.
Dwyane Wade : Two games later, Wade surpassed Alonzo Mourning to become the Heat's all-time leading scorer in triple overtime versus the Utah Jazz.
Dwyane Wade : Wade's nicknames include D-Wade and Flash, which was given to him by former teammate Shaquille O'Neal who would sing, "He's the greatest in the Universe", in reference to the Queen song of the same name from the 1980 film "Flash Gordon".
Dwyane Wade : Wade played basketball and football for Harold L. Richards High School in Oak Lawn.
Dwyane Wade : Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. ( ; born January 17, 1982) is an American former professional basketball player.
Dwyane Wade : Wade served up outstanding postseason performances, particularly against the Indiana Pacers during the Eastern Conference Semifinals.
Dwyane Wade : On December 26, 2012, playing the Charlotte Bobcats, Wade kicked guard Ramon Sessions in the groin.
Dwyane Wade : On July 7, it was announced that Wade would sign with Miami, along with Toronto Raptor star Chris Bosh.
Dwyane Wade : Wade's 42, 36, and 43 points in Games Three, Four, and Five, respectively, helped the Heat go from a 0–2 deficit to a 3–2 series lead.
Dwyane Wade : He grew four inches by the start of his junior year and emerged as the team leader, averaging 20.7 points and 7.6 rebounds.
Dwyane Wade : The following day, LeBron James announced he would join the Heat.
Dwyane Wade : David Thorpe, an athletic trainer who runs a training center for NBA players, cited Wade's post-up game as one of his strengths.
Dwyane Wade : He became the fifth-youngest player in NBA history to capture the Finals MVP award, and his 34.7 points were the Finals' third-highest among players in their first NBA Finals.
Dwyane Wade : Early that season, Wade became the second player in NBA history to post at least 40 points, 10 assists and 5 blocks in one game since Alvan Adams in 1976–77.
Dwyane Wade : The Heat became the first team in NBA history to win a championship after trailing in three playoff series.
Dwyane Wade : Wade's knee problems led Riley sit Wade for the final 21 games to undergo long overdue OssaTron treatment.
Dwyane Wade : After the teams split the first two games in Miami, the Spurs took Game Three.
Dwyane Wade : Wade averaged 19.1 points on 52 percent shooting, his best playoff percentage since 2010.
Dwyane Wade : On November 1, in what was only his third game of the 2009–10 season, Wade recorded his 10,000th career point during a 95–87 win against the Chicago Bulls.
Dwyane Wade : Wade scored 14 points in Miami's overtime win in Game Six, followed by 23 points and 10 rebounds in Game Seven as the Heat clinched their second straight championship and Wade's third title.
Dwyane Wade : In Game Six of the second round, Wade recorded 41 points and 10 rebounds.
Dwyane Wade : In the playoffs, injuries limited Wade to a career-low scoring average of 15.9 points per game, but he upped his average to 19.6 points during the NBA Finals against the San Antonio Spurs.
Dwyane Wade : In Game Four, Wade scored 32 points on 56 percent shooting to go with 6 steals as the Heat won 109–93.
Dwyane Wade : At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Wade led the United States men's basketball team, commonly known as the "Redeem Team", in scoring and helped them capture the gold medal.
Dwyane Wade : On February 26, 2012, Wade recorded the third triple-double in the history of the All-Star Game, posting 24 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists, joining Jordan and James.
Dwyane Wade : The Heat defeated the New York Knicks in 5 games and the Indiana Pacers in six games.
Dwyane Wade : In the playoffs, the team increased Wade's minutes, highlighted by a 28-point performance in Miami's second-round victory over the Brooklyn Nets and a 23-point outing in a road victory against Indiana in the Eastern Finals.
Dwyane Wade : For the game, Wade recorded 46 points on 55% field goal shooting, plus 10 assists, 8 rebounds, 4 steals and 3 blocked shots.
Dwyane Wade : Wade finished the 2012–2013 season with averages of 21.2 points, 5 rebounds and 5.1 assists.
Dwyane Wade : Wade finished the season averaging 22.1 points, 4.8 assists, 4.6 rebounds, and 1.7 steals.
Radomir Antić : Atlético Madrid
Radomir Antić : The appointment also marked 59-year-old Antić's return to coaching after four years.
Radomir Antić : The appointment came in somewhat controversial circumstances, as previous head coach Miroslav Đukić was being fired following a disastrous 2008 Olympic campaign and Đukić's public feuding with FSS president Tomislav Karadžić.
Radomir Antić : Antić's first head coaching position was with Real Zaragoza.
Radomir Antić : Antić's made his La Liga coaching debut on 4 September 1988 against Valencia, a 0–0 draw.
Radomir Antić : On 27 January 2015, he signed a three-year contract with China League One side Hebei Zhongji.
Radomir Antić : Radomir Antić (, ; born 22 November 1948) is a Serbian football manager and former player.
Radomir Antić : On 25 December 2012, it was announced that Antić signed a two-year contract with Chinese Super League side Shandong Luneng Taishan.
Radomir Antić : On 19 August 2008, it was reported in the Serbian media that Antić agreed terms with the Serbian Football Association (FSS) to take over his native country's national team.
Ivan Gotti : The highlights of his career are his two overall wins in the 1997 and 1999 Giro d'Italia.
Ivan Gotti : Ivan Gotti (born 28 March 1969) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist.
Ivan Gotti : He first came to prominence by finishing 5th overall in the 1995 Tour de France.
Diego Osorio : Osorio was arrested for cocaine possession and trafficking in Miami, Florida in August 2002.
Diego Osorio : Osorio made 17 appearances for the senior Colombia national football team from 1991 to 1995.
Mikel Rico : Athletic Bilbao
Mikel Rico : On 7 July 2019, Rico returned to Huesca as a free agent.
Mikel Rico : Mikel Rico Moreno (; ; born 4 November 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for SD Huesca.
Isaác Brizuela : In May 2013, Brizuela revealed that he was born in San José, California to Mexican parents even though he had initially reported to the FMF (Mexican Football Federation) that he was born in Lagos de Moreno, Jalisco.
Isaác Brizuela : He began playing football in his town until he was scouted to play for Toluca's youth squad in Guadalajara.
Isaác Brizuela : Isaác Brizuela Muñoz (; born 28 August 1990) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for C.D.
Edmílson : José Edmílson Gomes de Moraes (born 10 July 1976), known simply as Edmílson, is a Brazilian former professional footballer.
Edmílson : In July 2004, Edmílson signed with FC Barcelona for a reported €10 million.
Edmílson : Edmílson made his debut for the Brazil national team on 18 July 2000, against Paraguay.
Joaquim Rifé : He ranks nine among players, by number of starts, in the history of Barcelona.
Joaquim Rifé : He played in the first team for 12 seasons for the club, between 1964 and 1976.
Joaquim Rifé : Following his retirement as a player, he became one of the team trainers and at the end of the season 1978–79 he took charge of the team along with Torres.
Thomas Christiansen : Thomas Christiansen Tarín (born 11 March 1973) is a retired footballer who played as a striker, and the manager of Belgian club Royale Union Saint-Gilloise.
Thomas Christiansen : Christiansen was born in Denmark and also has Spanish citizenship.
Idriss Déby : After three months of provisional government, on 28 February 1991, a charter was approved for Chad with Déby as president.
Idriss Déby : From there he was sent to France for training, returning to Chad in 1976 with a professional pilot certificate.
Idriss Déby : Idriss Déby assumed Chad's presidency in 1990, and has been re-elected with a majority of votes every five years.
Idriss Déby : General Idriss Déby Itno ( ""; born June 18, 1952) is a Chadian politician who has been the President of Chad since 1990.
Enrique Vila-Matas : It was incredibly intense.
Enrique Vila-Matas : But I had an amazingly precise memory of it.’
Enrique Vila-Matas : I was recovering in hospital and it was as if I was experiencing real life for the first time.
Enrique Vila-Matas : By the time I turned him into a publisher he was a mixture of lots of publishers I’ve known.
Enrique Vila-Matas : I was crying and hugging my wife, regretting having started drinking again.
Enrique Vila-Matas : But I was unable to transmit all the intensity… A few months later I traveled to Dublin and couldn’t find the exact spot the dream took place.
Enrique Vila-Matas : He has written several award-winning books that mix genres and have been translated into more than thirty languages.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In Paris, for example, some readers think I am writing about Christian Bourgois, my French publisher.’ The book contains part of a dream predicting the future: ‘I had it three years ago in hospital, when I was seriously ill.
Enrique Vila-Matas : The intensity came from the fact that in the dream, in that embrace with my wife, there was a dense, highly concentrated idea of rebirth.
Enrique Vila-Matas : I dreamed I was in Dublin, a city I have never been to, and that I’d started drinking again and was sitting on the floor in the doorway to a pub, crying very emotionally.
Enrique Vila-Matas : Vila-Matas was born at 108, Roger de Llúria street in Barcelona.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 2005 "Doctor Pasavento" came out, a book about the subject of disappearance and ‘the difficulty of being nobody’.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In September 2007 Vila-Matas returned to the short story, publishing "Exploradores del abismo" with Anagrama.
Enrique Vila-Matas : "Never Any End to Paris" (2003) tells of his Parisian experiences.
Enrique Vila-Matas : This book closes his meta-literary trilogy on the pathologies of writing ("Bartleby, Montano" and "Pasavento").
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 2008 came "Dietario voluble", in which he opts more than ever for a formula that erases the borders between fiction, essay and biography.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 1970 he directed two short films, "Todos los jóvenes tristes" and "Fin de verano".
Enrique Vila-Matas : The book is a literary diary or a kind of guide that allows the reader to glimpse the work's internal structure, and combines experiences of reading and life, personal memory, and an essayist's literary ideas.
Enrique Vila-Matas : Between 1974 and 1976 he lived in Paris in a garret he rented from the writer Marguerite Duras, where he wrote his second novel, "La asesina ilustrada".
Enrique Vila-Matas : He studied law and journalism and in 1968 became editor of the film magazine "Fotogramas".
Enrique Vila-Matas : He is a founding member of the Order of Finnegans, which takes its name from a pub in Dalkey, Ireland, although there are those who believe it also comes from James Joyce's last novel, "Finnegans Wake".
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 1992 he published a collection of articles and literary essays under the title "El viajero más lento", which he followed up in 1995 with "El traje de los domingos".
Enrique Vila-Matas : On his return to Barcelona, he worked as a film critic for the magazines "Bocaccio" and "Destino".
Enrique Vila-Matas : His third and fourth books, "Al sur de los párpados" and "Nunca voy al cine", appeared in 1980 and 1982.
Enrique Vila-Matas : Enrique Vila-Matas (born March 31, 1948 in Barcelona) is a Spanish author.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 2010 he has returned once more to the novel with "Dublinesca", a book that deals with a publisher in crisis, as the author explains: ‘He was a fictional character, with a few things in common with me.
Enrique Vila-Matas : His following works were novels, including "Lejos de Veracruz", "Extraña forma de vida", "El viaje vertical", "Bartleby & Co." and "Montano's Malady", among others.
Enrique Vila-Matas : The knights of the Order of Finnegans must venerate James Joyce's novel "Ulysses" and, if possible, attend Bloomsday each year in Dublin on the sixteenth of June.
Enrique Vila-Matas : Other books containing literary essays include "Para acabar entendamos nada" (2003, Chile), "El viento ligero en Parma" (2004, Mexico; re-published in Spain, 2008), and "And Pasavento ya no estaba" (2008, Argentina).
Enrique Vila-Matas : He then published the short story collections "Una casa para siempre", "Suicidios ejemplares" and "Hijos sin hijos"; "Recuerdos inventados" is an anthology of his best stories.
Enrique Vila-Matas : In 1971 he did his military service in Melilla, where in the back room of a military supplies store, he wrote his first book," Mujer en el espejo contemplando el paisaje".
Yoshiaki Koizumi : These efforts continued in his next title, "Super Mario Galaxy".
Yoshiaki Koizumi : He also succeeded Satoru Iwata as the international host of the Nintendo Direct video presentations in 2017, and has been doing so since the live streamed Nintendo Switch Presentation, which took place on January 12, 2017.
Miloš Zeman : Two billion people live in it and it is financed partly from oil sales and partly from drug sales."
Miloš Zeman : In 2018, he was re-elected for a second term.
Miloš Zeman : He likened Muslims who believe in the Qur'an to followers of Nazism.
Miloš Zeman : In June 2011, Zeman said, referring to Islam, "The enemy is the anti-civilisation spreading from North Africa to Indonesia.
Miloš Zeman : Miloš Zeman (; born 28 September 1944) is a Czech politician serving as the third and current President of the Czech Republic since 8 March 2013.
Miloš Zeman : In October 2009, he founded a new party, Party of Civic Rights – Zemanovci.
Miloš Zeman : He left ČSSD on 21 March 2007, due to conflicts with the party leader and chairman, Jiří Paroubek.
Nahuel Guzmán : On July 2014, he was transferred to Liga MX club Tigres UANL to play the Apertura 2014 season.
Nahuel Guzmán : Guzmán was an integral part of the Argentina U-17 side in the World Cup of the category 2003.
Nahuel Guzmán : On 2008, he went on loan to Independiente Rivadavia until 2009.
Nahuel Guzmán : Guzmán was called up to the final 23-man squad after first-choice keeper Sergio Romero was ruled out through injury.
Nahuel Guzmán : Nahuel Ignacio Guzmán (; born 10 February 1986), nicknamed "Patón" (; Spanish for large-footed) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Tigres UANL and Argentina.
Nahuel Guzmán : Guzmán was named MVP of the second leg and named best goalkeeper of the Apertura 2016, with 9 clean sheets and impressive saves against América in the finals.
Fethullah Gülen : ...
Fethullah Gülen : Gülen topped the 2008 Top 100 Public Intellectuals Poll and came out as the most influential thinker.
Fethullah Gülen : From 1988 to 1991 he gave a series of sermons in popular mosques of major cities.
Fethullah Gülen : Since 1999, Gülen has lived in self-exile in the United States near Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania.
Johan Neeskens : Johannes Jacobus "Johan" Neeskens (; born 15 September 1951) is a Dutch football manager and former midfielder.
Jaka Lakovič : Standing at 1.86 m (6' 1"), and weighing 95 kg (210 lbs.
Jaka Lakovič : In January 2013, he signed with Sidigas Avellino, until the end of the season.
Jaka Lakovič : In 2005, he was also named the MVP of the Greek Cup, and the MVP of the Greek League.
Jaka Lakovič : In June 2019, he was announced as the new head coach of the German Basketball Bundesliga club ratiopharm Ulm.
Jaka Lakovič : Jaka Lakovič (born July 9, 1978) is a Slovenian former professional basketball player, and a professional basketball coach, who is the head coach of ratiopharm Ulm.
Lewis Holtby : Holtby scored two goals at the tournament, one of which was against eventual runners-up Brazil in the quarter-finals.
Lewis Holtby : His debut was one of only two appearances for the season, with his second coming in a 3–1 loss to TuS Koblenz on the last match day of the campaign.
Lewis Holtby : He scored the first of his four international goals for the German U19 team on 11 October 2008, netting in a 5–0 victory over Lithuania.
Lewis Holtby : He was then handed his first-team debut at the age of 17 by caretaker manager Jörg Schmadtke in December 2007, coming on as a second half substitute for Mirko Casper in a 2–2 draw with FC St. Pauli.
Lewis Holtby : The following year, Germany youth coach Horst Hrubesch named Holtby in his squad for the U20 World Cup in Egypt.
Lewis Holtby : Holtby began his professional career with Alemannia Aachen before signing for Schalke 04 two years later.
Lewis Holtby : Lewis Harry Holtby (born 18 September 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for EFL Championship side Blackburn Rovers.
Lewis Holtby : The son of Chris Holtby, a former British soldier who was stationed at RAF Rheindahlen in Mönchengladbach, Holtby was eligible to represent England through paternal lineage as well as his native Germany.
James Toseland : James Michael Toseland (born 5 October 1980) is an English former motorcycle racer and a current vocalist of an English rock band Toseland (Band).
James Toseland : He was then picked up to ride a Supersport Honda and won races at national level.
James Toseland : Transferring his motorcycle career from off-road to road racing after Wright's death, Toseland quickly worked his way up through the ranks becoming 1995 Junior Road Race Champion before moving on to 125cc racing in the UK Superteen series, and then sprang to prominence in the late nineties when he dominated the Honda CB500 Cup series aged 17.
James Toseland : In the team was more competitive than ever, allowing Toseland to take his first win at Oschersleben and third in the championship overall.
David Prieto : David Prieto Gálvez (born 2 January 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CF Fuenlabrada as a central defender.
Costa-Gavras : Productions.
Costa-Gavras : Costa-Gavras is an expert of the “statement” picture.
Costa-Gavras : Costa-Gavras (short for Konstantinos Gavras; ; born 12 February 1933) is a Greek-French film director and producer who lives and works in France.
Costa-Gavras : After film school, he apprenticed under Yves Allégret, and became an assistant director for Jean Giono and René Clair.
Costa-Gavras : The film won an Oscar for Best Screenplay Adaptation and the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
Marc Wauters : His highest final ranking was 43rd in 2000.
Marc Wauters : He was part of a breakaway containing 16 cyclists together with teammate Erik Dekker.
Marc Wauters : Because of his decent result in the prologue two days prior in Dunkerque he wore the yellow jersey for a day, before losing it to Stuart O'Grady.
Marc Wauters : In his early career, between 1991 and 1996 he won several of the smaller road races in The Netherlands and Belgium he was cycling in.
Marc Wauters : At the 2004 World Championships he finished on a 7th position.
Marc Wauters : The only exception to this was his win in the 5th stage of the 1995 Vuelta a Andalucía.
Marc Wauters : Wauters was known as a worker in the peloton and didn't win much, but helped his teammates achieving decent results.
Marc Wauters : The 2004 Olympian, nicknamed "The Soldier" was a member of the Rabobank cycling team of the UCI ProTour since 1998 and had to end his career several weeks short because of a broken collarbone which he suffered during a training on 20 September 2006.
Marc Wauters : Wauters got away from the group together with Arnaud Pretot who he beat in the final sprint.
Marc Wauters : From 1999 on after winning the Grand Prix Eddy Merckx he started achieving wins again.
Marc Wauters : Meanwhile, he developed himself into one of Belgium's best time trial specialists, winning the Belgium championships in 2002, 2003 and 2005.
Marc Wauters : Marc Wauters (born 23 February 1969 in Hasselt, Belgium) is a former Belgian cyclist who was professional from 1991 until 2006.
Marc Wauters : He won the Grand Prix Eddy Merckx for the second time in his career in 2001.
Marc Wauters : On 15 October 2006 a memorial race was held in Zolder, Belgium to wave Wauters officially goodbye from the sport.
Marc Wauters : Trying to defend his title in Rheinland-Pfalz he won 3rd stage in 2000.
Marc Wauters : Wauters started in a total of 10 Tour de France editions, finishing in Paris eight times.
Marc Wauters : In this year he also won Paris–Tours, 2 stages in the Tour de Luxembourg plus the overall ranking and the overall classification in the Rheinland-Pfalz Rundfahrt.
Marc Wauters : In 1997 and 1998 Wauters didn't win a single race, although he became 7th at the World Cycling Championships 1998, his highest position in this event during his career.
Marc Wauters : The year after, during the 2001 Tour de France Wauters won the second stage, held from Calais to Antwerp.
Jean Kambanda : After leaving office he fled the country.
Jean Kambanda : She noted that Rwanda was "not looking for revenge".
Jean Kambanda : According to the ICTR appeal:
Jean Kambanda : The court concluded that this defense against a charge of genocide was irrelevant.
Jean Kambanda : He said that his objective was not to plead guilty but to tell the truth.
Jean Kambanda : He asked the ICTR for a sentence of two years because he acted "under duress with limited responsibility".
Jean Kambanda : He remained in the post for the hundred days of the genocide until July 19, 1994.
Jean Kambanda : The court accused him of distributing small arms and ammunition in Butare and Gitarama with the knowledge that they would be used to massacre civilians.
Jean Kambanda : The decisions of the ICTR regarding Kambanda have been subject to criticism.
Jean Kambanda : She thought it fair that Kambanda received a life sentence and his crimes had been recognized by the international community.
Jean Kambanda : He was found guilty after pleading guilty, a plea he later rescinded, but which rescission the Court did not accept.
Jean Kambanda : In 2006 he testified for the defence of Colonel Theoneste Bagosora in the 'Military 1' trial of senior military leaders.
Jean Kambanda : That testimony was the former Prime Minister's first and only public testimony on the 1994 events in Rwanda and in which he said that he had never found a plan to commit genocide.
Jean Kambanda : At the time of the April 1994 crisis he was vice president of the Butare section of the opposition Republican Democratic Movement (MDR).
Jean Kambanda : He is the only head of government to plead guilty to genocide, in the first group of such convictions since the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide came into effect in 1951.
Jean Kambanda : This verdict was upheld by the ICTR Appeal Chamber on October 19, 2000, and Kambanda is currently jailed in Koulikoro Prison in Mali.
Jean Kambanda : He was sworn in as prime minister on April 9, 1994 after the president Juvénal Habyarimana and prime minister Agathe Uwilingiyimana, were both assassinated.
Jean Kambanda : On September 4, 1998, the ICTR condemned Jean Kambanda to life imprisonment for:
Jean Kambanda : Kambanda holds a degree in commercial engineering and began his career as a low-level United Popular BPR banker, rising as a technocrat to become the chair of the bank.
Jean Kambanda : As a head of government convicted by an international court, Kambanda is an important figure, with the verdict against him forming a precedent against the legal principle of State Immunity (which was used to reject an extradition order for Augusto Pinochet, for example).
Jean Kambanda : Kambanda was arrested in Nairobi on July 18, 1997, after a seven-week multinational stakeout and transferred to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Jean Kambanda : Joy Mukanyange, the Rwandan Ambassador to Tanzania was the only Rwandan official who attended the sentencing of her former prime minister.
Jean Kambanda : Jean Kambanda (born October 19, 1955) was the prime minister in the caretaker government of Rwanda from the start of the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
Jean Kambanda : Although Kambanda pleaded guilty after receiving legal counsel, his lawyer argued that the prime minister was a "puppet" of the military, who had dragged him from his bank, after killing the previous prime minister, to legitimize their control of their country.
Valdemaras Chomičius : He is the current head coach of BC Dzūkija.
Valdemaras Chomičius : He head coached the Lithuania national team to win the Stanković Continental Champions Cup in China in 2005.
Valdemaras Chomičius : Valdemaras Chomičius (also known as Valdemaras Homicius) (born May 4, 1959 in Kaunas, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian retired professional basketball player for the Soviet and Lithuanian national basketball team.
Valdemaras Chomičius : He also has played in Italy for Aprimatic Bologna (Serie A2) in the 1990–1991 season.
Pablo Villamar : Connected to the Galician nationalism since young became part of the Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG), in 1999 assumed relief institutional functions.
Pablo Villamar : Born in Narón (Galicia), was organizative Technical in the company Navantia, came into the world of politics for the year 1977.
Pablo Villamar : Pablo Villamar Díaz (born January 1961) is a Galician politician.
Richard J. Terrile : Richard John Terrile (born March 22, 1951 in New York) is a Voyager scientist who discovered several moons of Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
Maurice Malpas : Maurice Daniel Robert Malpas (born 3 August 1962) is a Scottish football player and coach.
Maurice Malpas : He appeared for Scotland at the 1986 and 1990 World Cups and at Euro 1992.
William Kwong Yu Yeung : William Kwong Yu Yeung (born 1960; also known simply as Bill Yeung; ) is a Hong Kong-born, Canadian amateur astronomer with telescopes based in the United States.
William Kwong Yu Yeung : He worked first from "Rock Finder Observatory" (IAU code 652) in Calgary, Alberta, and now works from Arizona's Desert Beaver Observatory and Desert Eagle Observatory .
Alberto Marcos Rey : Alberto Marcos Rey (born 15 February 1974 in Camarma de Esteruelas, Community of Madrid) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.
Alberto Marcos Rey : In July 2010, at 36 – and following the team's relegation – he decided to leave the club, holding the records of more league games played (438), more official matches (471) and more games (361) and minutes (31.610) in the top flight.
Rubén Falcón : Rubén Falcón Mínguez (born 8 October 1977) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Rubén Falcón : Born in Zaragoza, Falcón played several years with hometown club Real Zaragoza, but was registered mostly for their reserves.
Nuri Bilge Ceylan : He won the Palme d'Or, the highest prize at the Cannes Film Festival, in 2014, for his film "Winter Sleep".
Nuri Bilge Ceylan : Nuri Bilge Ceylan (, born 26 January 1959) is a Turkish film director, photographer, screenwriter and actor.
Nuri Bilge Ceylan : He is married to filmmaker, photographer, and actress Ebru Ceylan, with whom he co-starred in "Climates" (2006).
John Harkes : Harkes was elected to the National Soccer Hall of Fame on the first ballot in 2005.
John Harkes : He was named the team's "Captain for Life" by then-head coach Steve Sampson before having that title stripped from ahead of the 1998 World Cup.
John Harkes : He ended his international career in 2000 with 90 appearances.
John Harkes : Harkes made his national team debut on March 23, 1987 against Canada.
John Harkes : Harkes ended his national team career with 90 caps and 6 goals.
John Harkes : John Harkes (born March 8, 1967) is a retired American soccer player who is currently serving as head coach for Greenville Triumph SC.
John Harkes : In February 2010 Sampson and former teammate Eric Wynalda claimed that an alleged affair between Harkes and Wynalda's wife, Amy, had prompted Harkes' sudden dismissal.
John Harkes : Harkes moved to Sheffield Wednesday of the English Football League in 1990.
John Harkes : On August 12, 2015, Harkes was introduced as the head coach of the newly formed FC Cincinnati, which began play in the United Soccer League in March 2016.
John Harkes : At the end of the 1998 season, he traveled back to England for a two-week trial with Nottingham Forest.
John Harkes : From 1985 to 1987, Harkes played soccer at the University of Virginia under his future D.C. United head coach Bruce Arena.
John Harkes : Harkes began his professional career with the Albany Capitals of the American Soccer League in 1989.
John Harkes : After moving to Major League Soccer in 1996, he won two MLS Cup titles with D.C. United.
Gabriel Macht : under the stage name Gabriel Swann.
Gabriel Macht : During his time at Carnegie Mellon, he became a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity.
Gabriel Macht : He has three siblings, Jesse, a musician (who appeared on "The Next Great American Band"), Ari Serbin, and Julie.
Gabriel Macht : Macht was raised in California from the age of five.
Gabriel Macht : Gabriel Swann Macht (born January 22, 1972) is an American actor and film producer best known for playing The Spirit in the eponymous 2008 film adaptation, as well as for his role as Harvey Specter on the USA Network series "Suits".
Gabriel Macht : Macht married Australian-born actress Jacinda Barrett in 2004.
Gabriel Macht : After graduating from Beverly Hills High School, he attended Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts, where he graduated in 1994.
Gabriel Macht : Macht was nominated for the Best Young Motion Picture Actor Award after playing his first role at age eight in the film "Why Would I Lie?"
Gabriel Macht : Although the film was a failure upon theatrical release, the film and Macht himself both gained a cult following.
Gabriel Macht : The couple's first child, a girl, Satine Anais Geraldine Macht, was born August 20, 2007 in Los Angeles.
Gabriel Macht : He has appeared in many film and television roles including "A Love Song for Bobby Long", "The Good Shepherd", "Because I Said So", "The Recruit", and "Archangel".
Gabriel Macht : He is the son of Suzanne Victoria Pulier, a museum curator and archivist, and actor Stephen Macht.
Sergio Sebastiani : Sebastiani became Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to Turkey on 8 January 1985.
Sergio Sebastiani : In 1994, he was appointed General Secretary of the Central Committee for the Great Jubilee of the Year 2000.
Sergio Sebastiani : Sebastiani was created Cardinal-Deacon of S. Eustachio on 21 February 2001, and was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI.
Sergio Sebastiani : Sergio Sebastiani (born 11 April 1931) is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the president emeritus of Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See.
Sergio Sebastiani : On 27 September 1976, Pope Paul VI appointed him Titular Archbishop of Caesarea in Mauretania and Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to Madagascar.
Alberto Gilardino : He left the club by the end of the season and, on 20 September 2018, announced his retirement.
Alberto Gilardino : Alberto Gilardino (; born 5 July 1982) is an Italian professional football manager and a former player who played as a striker, currently head coach of Serie C club Pro Vercelli.
Alberto Gilardino : He also led Italy's Under-21 team to victory in the 2004 European Under-21 Football Championship.
Abderrahman Kabous : He holds Moroccan and French nationality.
Abderrahman Kabous : Abderrahman Kabous (; born 24 April 1983 in Meaux, France) is a Moroccan football midfielder who is currently at MC Oujda.
Abderrahman Kabous : Kabous represents Morocco internationally with the Morocco national football team, receiving his first call-up in 2007.
Abderrahman Kabous : Murcia acquired Kabous from the Bulgarian club PFC CSKA Sofia on 31 January 2008.
Robert Bartko : Robert Bartko (born 23 December 1975 in Potsdam) is a road bicycle and track cyclist from Germany, who was born in the former East Germany.
Robert Bartko : He won two gold medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia: in the individual and in the team pursuit.
Luis Marín Barahona : His performances at Unión led to being selected for the Chile national football team to play in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Luis Marín Barahona : Luis Antonio Marín Barahona (born May 18, 1983) is a Chilean football goalkeeper who plays for Chilean Primera División club Deportes Temuco.
Luis Marín Barahona : He receive his first call up to play for Chile in May 2010 against Trinidad and Tobago, performing well in a 2–0 win at Iquique.
Marc Girardelli : Girardelli was born in Lustenau, Austria, started skiing at the age of five, and started racing at seven.
Marc Girardelli : In 1983 he achieved his first victory in Sweden, but shortly thereafter he received his first major injury, when he tore all the ligaments, cartilage and a tendon in his left knee in a crash during a World Cup downhill at Lake Louise.
Marc Girardelli : After another major accident in 1990, in which he narrowly avoided paraplegia, he recovered to win the overall World Cup title again in 1991 and then in 1993 for a record fifth time – a record he held until Marcel Hirscher won a sixth title in 2017 (Annemarie Moser-Pröll won six women's World Cups).
Marc Girardelli : Marc Girardelli (born 18 July 1963) is an Austrian and Luxembourgian former alpine ski racer, a five-time World Cup overall champion who excelled in all five alpine disciplines.
David Villa : I called Del Bosque.
David Villa : In October 2006, he was included among the 50 nominees for the Ballon d'Or (often referred to as the European Footballer of the Year Award).
David Villa : On 1 December 2018, Villa signed a contract for the 2019 season with J1 League club Vissel Kobe.
David Villa : David Villa Sánchez (; born 3 December 1981) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who last played as a striker for Japanese club Vissel Kobe.
David Villa : Villa was born in Tuilla, a small parish in Langreo, Asturias, a region in northern Spain, the son of José Manuel Villa, a miner.
David Villa : The 2007–08 season was not easy for Villa nor for his teammates.
David Villa : The following day, he was announced as the first player for the newly formed New York City, who would start playing in the 2015 season of Major League Soccer (MLS).
David Villa : In a friendly match before the tournament, Villa scored his second international hat-trick against Azerbaijan, nearly exactly a year after his hat-trick against Russia at Euro 2008.
David Villa : On 1 June 2009, Vicente del Bosque named Villa in his 23-man squad for the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup.
David Villa : On 25 August 2017, Villa was included in Spain's squad for the 2018 World Cup qualification matches against Italy and Liechtenstein, three years after originally retiring from international football.
David Villa : The goal would become his sixth goal in FIFA World Cup matches, becoming Spain's all-time top scorer at the World Cup finals, ahead of Emilio Butragueño, Fernando Hierro, Fernando Morientes and Raúl, all of whom have five.
David Villa : On 2 March, Villa scored his first goal in the J1 League in a 1–0 win over Sagan Tosu.
David Villa : He debuted at the Confederations Cup with a goal, the last of the five goals in Spain's 5–0 victory over New Zealand, while in the next game he scored the decisive goal against a defensive Iraqi team.
Arnaldur Indriðason : He won the world's most lucrative crime fiction award, the RBA Prize for Crime Writing worth €125,000, in 2013 for "Shadow Alley" ("Skuggasund").
Arnaldur Indriðason : Arnaldur was born in Reykjavík on 8 January 1961, the son of writer Indriði G. Þorsteinsson.
Ben Uzoh : On March 27, 2012, he signed a 10-day contract with the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association.
Ben Uzoh : He's a three time All-Conference USA recipient including his selection to the first team his senior year.
Ben Uzoh : Benjamin Chukwukelo Uzoh (born March 18, 1988) is a Nigerian-American professional basketball player for Paris Basketball of the LNB Pro B.
Ben Uzoh : In October 2011, he signed a one-year contract with Lokomotiv Kuban of the Russian League, but was released after playing just two games.
Ben Uzoh : Uzoh is the only player in school history to be ranked top 10 among points, rebounds, assists, steals and blocks.
Kris Kristofferson : He and his wife soon divorced.
Kris Kristofferson : It has a general mood of reflecting on where we all are at this time of life."
Kris Kristofferson : When Kristofferson was a child, his father pushed him towards a military career.
Kris Kristofferson : During the early-1960s, he was stationed in West Germany as a member of the 8th Infantry Division.
Kris Kristofferson : His paternal grandparents emigrated from Sweden, while his mother had English, Scots-Irish, German, Swiss-German, and Dutch ancestry.
Kris Kristofferson : During this time, he resumed his music career and formed a band.
Kris Kristofferson : He also swept the Grammy Awards that year with numerous songs nominated, winning country song of the year for "Help Me Make It Through the Night."
Kris Kristofferson : Prior to the release, Kristofferson remarked: "I like the intimacy of the new album.
Kris Kristofferson : He became a helicopter pilot after receiving flight training at Fort Rucker, Alabama.
Kris Kristofferson : He later remarked, "The great thing about being a songwriter is you can hear your baby interpreted by so many people that have creative talents vocally that I don't have."
Kris Kristofferson : In 2004, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Kris Kristofferson : Kristofferson's 1972 fourth album, "Jesus Was a Capricorn", initially had slow sales, but the third single, "Why Me," was a success and significantly increased album sales.
Kris Kristofferson : Their first album, "Highwayman," was a success, and the supergroup continued working together for a time.
Kris Kristofferson : In 1986, he starred in "The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James" with Johnny Cash and "Flashpoint" in 1984, directed by William Tannen.
Kris Kristofferson : In 2006, he received the Johnny Mercer Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame and released his first album full of new material in 11 years; "This Old Road".
Kris Kristofferson : They married in 1973 and released an album titled "Full Moon", another success buoyed by numerous hit singles and Grammy nominations.
Kris Kristofferson : "John was my hero before he was my friend, and anything with his name on it is really an honor in my eyes," Kristofferson said during a phone interview.
Kris Kristofferson : In July 2007, Kristofferson was featured on CMT's "Studio 330 Sessions" where he played many of his hits.
Kris Kristofferson : On November 10, 2009, Kristofferson was honored as a BMI Icon at the 57th annual BMI Country Awards.
Kris Kristofferson : Soon after, Kristofferson made his acting debut in "The Last Movie" (directed by Dennis Hopper) and appeared at the Isle of Wight Festival.
Kris Kristofferson : He reprised the role in "Blade II" (2002) and again in "" (2004).
Kris Kristofferson : He achieved some success as a performer himself, following Johnny Cash's introduction of him at the Newport Folk Festival.
Kris Kristofferson : Like most "military brats", Kristofferson moved around frequently as a youth, finally settling down in San Mateo, California, where he graduated from San Mateo High School in 1954.
Kris Kristofferson : He got a job sweeping floors at Columbia Recording Studios in Nashville.
Kris Kristofferson : In 2003, "" was released, a live album recorded in San Francisco.
Kris Kristofferson : Rosanne Cash, Cash's daughter, presented the honor during the April 16 awards show in Nashville.
Kris Kristofferson : With the help of his manager, Larry Parnes, Kristofferson recorded for Top Rank Records under the name Kris Carson.
Kris Kristofferson : Kristofferson graduated in 1958 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, "summa cum laude", in literature.
Kris Kristofferson : In a 2004 interview with "Pomona College Magazine", Kristofferson mentioned philosophy professor Frederick Sontag as an important influence in his life.
Kris Kristofferson : He experienced his first dose of fame in 1958 when he appeared in "Sports Illustrated" "Faces in the Crowd" on March 31 for his achievements in collegiate Rugby Union, American football, and track and field.
Kris Kristofferson : The single from the album, also entitled "Highwayman", and especially written for them by Jimmy Webb, was awarded the ACM's single of the year in 1985.
Kris Kristofferson : He appeared in "Blume in Love" (1973) directed by Paul Mazursky, and three Sam Peckinpah films: "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid" (1973), "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia" (1974), and "Convoy" (1978).
Kris Kristofferson : Kristofferson composed his own songs and collaborated with Nashville songwriters such as Shel Silverstein.
Kris Kristofferson : Kristofferson earned a Rhodes Scholarship to Oxford University, where he studied at Merton College.
Kris Kristofferson : However, his fifth album, "Spooky Lady's Sideshow", released in 1974, was a commercial failure, setting the trend for most of the rest of his musical career.
Kris Kristofferson : In 1967, Kristofferson signed to Epic Records and released a single, "Golden Idol/Killing Time", but the song was not successful.
Kris Kristofferson : On April 21, 2007, Kristofferson won CMT's Johnny Cash Visionary Award.
Kris Kristofferson : He married again, to Lisa Meyers, and concentrated on films for a time, appearing in "The Lost Honor of Kathryn Beck", "Flashpoint", and "Songwriter", the last of which also starred Willie Nelson.
Kris Kristofferson : In 1966, Dave Dudley released a successful Kristofferson single, "Viet Nam Blues".
Kris Kristofferson : In spite of the success of "Highwayman 2" in 1990, Kristofferson's solo recording career slipped significantly in the early-1990s, though he continued to record successfully with the Highwaymen.
Kris Kristofferson : "For the Good Times" (Ray Price) won "Song of the Year" in 1970 from the Academy of Country Music, while "Sunday Morning Coming Down" (Johnny Cash) won the same award from the Academy's rival, the Country Music Association, in the same year.
Kris Kristofferson : Kristoffer Kristofferson was born in Brownsville, Texas, to Mary Ann (née Ashbrook) and Lars Henry Kristofferson, a U.S. Army Air Corps officer (later a U.S. Air Force major general).
Kris Kristofferson : "Lone Star" (1996 film by John Sayles) reinvigorated Kristofferson's acting career, and he soon appeared in "Blade", "Blade II", "", "A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries", "Fire Down Below", Tim Burton's remake of "Planet of the Apes", "Chelsea Walls", "Payback", "The Jacket", and "Fast Food Nation".
Kris Kristofferson : In 1999, "The Austin Sessions", was released, an album on which Kristofferson reworked some of his favorite songs with the help of artists such as Mark Knopfler, Steve Earle, and Jackson Browne.
Kris Kristofferson : In 1996, he earned a supporting role as Charlie Wade, a corrupt South Texas sheriff in John Sayles's "Lone Star", a film nominated for an Oscar for Best Screenplay.
Kris Kristofferson : Despite his success with Streisand, Kristofferson's solo musical career headed downward with his non-charting ninth album, "Shake Hands with the Devil".
Kris Kristofferson : In 1971, Janis Joplin, who dated Kristofferson for some time until her death, had a number one hit with "Me and Bobby McGee" from her posthumous album "Pearl".
Kris Kristofferson : In 1982, Kristofferson participated (with Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and Brenda Lee) on "The Winning Hand", a double album consisting of remastered and updated performances of recordings the four artists had made for the Monument label during the mid-1960s; the album reached the top-ten on the U.S. country album charts.
Kris Kristofferson : In 1979, Kris Kristofferson traveled to Havana, Cuba, to participate in the historic Havana Jam festival that took place on March 2–4, alongside Rita Coolidge, Stephen Stills, the CBS Jazz All-Stars, the Trio of Doom, Fania All-Stars, Billy Swan, Bonnie Bramlett, Mike Finnegan, Weather Report, and Billy Joel, plus an array of Cuban artists such as Irakere, Pacho Alonso, Tata Güines, and Orquesta Aragón.
Kris Kristofferson : Artists such as Ronnie Milsap and Johnny Duncan continued to record Kristofferson's material with success, but his distinctively rough voice and anti-pop sound kept his own audience to a minimum.
Kris Kristofferson : Within the next few years, more Kristofferson originals hit the charts, performed by Roy Drusky ("Jody and the Kid"); Billy Walker & the Tennessee Walkers ("From the Bottle to the Bottom"); Ray Stevens ("Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"); Jerry Lee Lewis ("Once More with Feeling"); Faron Young ("Your Time's Comin'"); and Roger Miller ("Me and Bobby McGee", "Best of all Possible Worlds", and "Darby's Castle").
Kris Kristofferson : After his singing success in the early-1970s, Kristofferson met singer Rita Coolidge.
Kris Kristofferson : Nelson and Kristofferson continued their partnership, and added Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash to form the supergroup The Highwaymen.
Alfred Achermann : Alfred Achermann (born 17 July 1959 in Römerswil) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Switzerland, who was a professional rider from 1984 to 1991.
Ralph Bakshi : Production concluded in 1973.
Ralph Bakshi : Ralph Bakshi was born to a Krymchak-Jewish family on October 29, 1938, in Haifa in what was then the British Mandate of Palestine (now in Israel).
Ralph Bakshi : Ralph Bakshi (born October 29, 1938) is an American director of animated and live-action films.
Ralph Bakshi : After finishing Culhane's uncompleted shorts, he directed, produced, wrote and designed four short films at Paramount: "The Fuz", "Mini-Squirts", "Marvin Digs" and "Mouse Trek".
Staffan Olsson : He played 358 caps (852 goals) with the Sweden national handball team.
Paul Kalkbrenner : EPs and singles
Paul Kalkbrenner : On 25 August 2012, a few months before the release of Guten Tag, Kalkbrenner married Romanian DJ/producer Simina Grigoriu.
Paul Kalkbrenner : Meanwhile, at school, he learned to be a trumpet player and studied music theory.
Paul Kalkbrenner : Paul Kalkbrenner is a grandson of the East German artist Fritz Eisel and older brother of music producer Fritz Kalkbrenner.
Paul Kalkbrenner : 2007 saw Kalkbrenner's return to Berlin, in order to film the movie.
Paul Kalkbrenner : Kalkbrenner uses software synthesizers, sequencer (Ableton Live) in combination with MIDI controllers, hardware synthesizers and drum machines for his live shows.
Uwe Bein : Uwe Bein (born 26 September 1960) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Uwe Bein : In total, he played 17 international matches, with three goals to his credit.
Eliahu Inbal : He subsequently worked with a number of orchestras throughout Europe and in America, and eventually took joint British citizenship.
Eliahu Inbal : Eliahu Inbal (born 16 February 1936, Jerusalem) is an Israeli conductor.
Eliahu Inbal : From 1984 to 1989, he was chief conductor at La Fenice in Venice.
Eliahu Inbal : From 1974 to 1990, he was the principal conductor of the hr-Sinfonieorchester in Frankfurt.
Eliahu Inbal : Upon hearing him there, Leonard Bernstein endorsed a scholarship for Inbal to study conducting at the Conservatoire de Paris, and he also took courses with Sergiu Celibidache and Franco Ferrara in Hilversum, Netherlands.
Erik Hamrén : From that point, Hamrén would assume full-time responsibilities for the Swedish team.
Erik Hamrén : On 8 August 2018, Hamrén was named as manager of the Iceland national football team, where he succeeded Heimir Hallgrímsson.
Erik Hamrén : Erik Anders Hamrén (born 27 June 1957) is a Swedish manager and former football player, who manages the Iceland national football team.
Erik Hamrén : Hamrén played in local team Ljusdals IF before starting his coaching career.
Erik Hamrén : Following heavy speculation in Swedish and Norwegian media, it was confirmed on 4 November 2009 that Hamrén would assume part-time responsibility of the Sweden national football team while also managing Rosenborg.
Erik Hamrén : His previous job was as manager of the Danish Superliga side Aalborg BK, where he guided the team to a 5th-place finish in the 2005–06 season, a 3rd place in the 2006–07 season, and to the championship in the 2007–08 season.
Manu Bennett : His mother Jean Bennett was an Australian bikini model and father Ted Bennett a New Zealand singer.
Manu Bennett : Bennett's professional acting career began in 1993 in the teen soap "Paradise Beach".
Manu Bennett : In 1999, Bennett landed his first leading role in a feature film named "Tomoko", shot on location in Tokyo, starring opposite Rumiko Koyanagi.
Manu Bennett : Interested in modern dancing, classical ballet, and piano, Bennett quit rugby to attend university to study dance and drama, then traveled to Los Angeles on a scholarship to attend the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute.
Manu Bennett : The family moved to Australia when Bennett was a few months old.
Manu Bennett : In December 2014, Manu was cast as the druid Allanon in MTV's television series "The Shannara Chronicles".
Manu Bennett : He then played guest roles in other Australian TV dramas, including "Water Rats", "All Saints", and "Beastmaster".
Manu Bennett : In 1986, Bennett returned to New Zealand to attend Te Aute College, where he played for the 1st XV.
Manu Bennett : He is primarily known for portraying characters in epic fantasy works, such as Crixus in the TV series "Spartacus", Allanon in "The Shannara Chronicles", Slade Wilson / Deathstroke in "Arrow", and Azog the Defiler in the Hobbit film trilogy.
Igor Angulo : Igor Angulo Alboniga (born 26 January 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Polish club Górnik Zabrze as a left winger or a striker.
José Luandino Vieira : He would remain in jail for eleven years.
José Luandino Vieira : José Luandino Vieira (born José Vieira Mateus da Graça on 4 May 1935) is an Angolan writer of short fiction and novels.
Bear Grylls : He speaks English, Spanish, and French.
Bear Grylls : Becoming a survival instructor, he was twice posted to North Africa.
Bear Grylls : Filming started in August 2015.
Bear Grylls : He grew up in Donaghadee, Northern Ireland until the age of four, when his family moved to Bembridge on the Isle of Wight.
Bear Grylls : Grylls married Shara Cannings Knight in 2000.
Bear Grylls : The feat was filmed for Discovery Channel worldwide as well as Channel 4 in the UK.
Bear Grylls : In March 2012, the Discovery Channel dropped Grylls from its lineup because of a contractual dispute, although he has subsequently worked with them again.
Bear Grylls : Grylls was born in London, England in 1974.
Bear Grylls : As a teenager, he learned to skydive and earned a second dan black belt in Shotokan karate.
Bear Grylls : He is the son of Conservative politician Sir Michael Grylls and his wife Lady Sarah "Sally" (née Ford).
Bear Grylls : He is the tenth person to hold the position and the youngest Chief Scout since the role was created for Robert Baden-Powell in 1920.
Bear Grylls : Grylls has one sibling, an elder sister, Lara Fawcett, who gave him the nickname 'Bear' when he was a week old.
Bear Grylls : He was officially made Chief Scout at Gilwell 24 on 11 July 2009 in a handover event featuring Peter Duncan in front of a crowd of over 3,000 Explorer Scouts.
Bear Grylls : He is widely known for his television series "Man vs. Wild" (2006–2011), originally titled "Born Survivor: Bear Grylls" for the United Kingdom release.
Bear Grylls : Grylls' first book, "Facing Up" (UK)/"The Kid Who Climbed Everest" (US), described his expedition and achievements climbing to the summit of Mount Everest.
Bear Grylls : He took off from , 8 miles south of the mountain.
Bear Grylls : He also rowed naked in a homemade bathtub along the Thames to raise funds for a friend who lost his legs in a climbing accident.
Bear Grylls : In 2012, Grylls released his autobiography, "Mud, Sweat and Tears: The Autobiography", followed by "A Survival Guide for Life" in late 2012 and "True Grit" in 2013.
Bear Grylls : Edward Michael Grylls (born 7 June 1974), better known as Bear Grylls, is a British former SAS serviceman, survival instructor, and honorary lieutenant-colonel, and, outside his military career, an adventurer, writer, television presenter and businessman.
Bear Grylls : He also wrote an extreme guide to outdoor pursuits, titled "Bear Grylls Outdoor Adventures".
Bear Grylls : Grylls also wrote the "Mission Survival" series of children's adventure survival books titled: "Mission Survival: Gold of the Gods", "Mission Survival: Way of the Wolf", "Mission Survival: Sands of the Scorpion", "Mission Survival: Tracks of the Tiger" and "Mission Survival: Claws of the Crocodile".
Bear Grylls : He endured dangerously low oxygen levels and eventually reached , almost higher than the previous record of .
Bear Grylls : From 1994–1997, he served in the British Army reserves with 21 SAS as a trooper trained in unarmed combat, desert and winter warfare, survival, climbing, parachuting, and explosives.
Bear Grylls : His third book "Born Survivor: Bear Grylls" was written to accompany the TV series of the same name.
Bear Grylls : Grylls was educated at Eaton House, Ludgrove School and Eton College, where he helped start its first mountaineering club.
Bear Grylls : From an early age, he learned to climb and sail with his father, who was a member of the prestigious Royal Yacht Squadron.
Bear Grylls : On 17 May 2009, The Scout Association announced Grylls would be appointed Chief Scout following the end of Peter Duncan's five-year term in July 2009.
Bear Grylls : In 2000 Grylls led the team to circumnavigate the British Isles on jet skis, taking about 30 days, to raise money for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
Bear Grylls : In 2004, Grylls was awarded the honorary rank of lieutenant commander in the Royal Naval Reserve; and in 2013 he was awarded the honorary rank of lieutenant colonel in the Royal Marines Reserve.
Bear Grylls : In 2007, Grylls embarked on a record-setting Parajet paramotor in Himalayas near Mount Everest.
Kakuichi Mimura : On 2 January 1955, Mimura debuted for Japan national team against Burma.
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : In November 2003 Duran i Lleida advocated calling gay marriage (which is legal in Spain) by a different name.
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida (born 27 March 1952 in Alcampell, Spain) is a Spanish politician.
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : A qualified lawyer, Duran began his political career when he was elected MP in the General Elections of Spain in 1979, representing Lleida becoming "tinent d'alcalde" in the municipality of Lleida.
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : Duran i Lleida has also been the president of Democratic Union of Catalonia (UDC), a political party which is part of CiU, since 1987 and also from 1982 to 1984.
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : Years after, in March 2012 during a fierce debate with Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy, Duran i Lleida asked for the immediate recognition of Kosovo by Spain, and stated that the reasons for non-recognition "are not international but internal".
Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida : Currently Duran is an MP for Barcelona district, elected in the General Elections in 2004, and is a member of Convergence and Union (CiU).
Cristiano Lucarelli : Cristiano Lucarelli (; born 4 October 1975) is an Italian football manager and a former player who played as a striker from 1992 until 2012.
Cristiano Lucarelli : Cristiano's younger brother, Alessandro, is also a former footballer, who played as a defender in the Serie A league (also sharing a few seasons together with Cristiano while at Livorno), and most notably captaining Parma.
Cristiano Lucarelli : This first came to the fore in 1997, when, after scoring for Italy's Under-21 side, he celebrated by pulling his jersey over his face to reveal a shirt bearing Che Guevara's image.
Hatem Trabelsi : A right-sided defender or midfielder, he played for CS Sfaxien, Ajax Amsterdam, Manchester City and Al-Hilal Riyadh.
Hatem Trabelsi : Trabelsi made his international debut in May 1998, shortly before the 1998 World Cup.
Hatem Trabelsi : Hatem Trabelsi (, ; born 25 January 1977) is a Tunisian former footballer.
Hatem Trabelsi : He also played in all of Tunisia's matches in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and 2006 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2004 African Nations Cup, which Tunisia won.
Hatem Trabelsi : At international level, he represented the Tunisian national team in three World Cups, gaining a total of 66 caps before retiring from international football in 2006.
Francisco Chimoio : Cap.
Francisco Chimoio : Francisco Chimoio, O.F.M.
Francisco Chimoio : He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest on 9 December 1979.
Francisco Chimoio : Chimoio was born in Búzi-Sofala, Mozambique.
Francisco Chimoio : (born 6 December 1947), is a Mozambican Roman Catholic bishop.
Francisco Chimoio : On 22 February 2003, John Paul II elevated him to the position of archbishop of Maputo; he is the head of the catholic church in Mozambique.
Slavoj Žižek : In the first free elections in 1990, he ran as the Liberal Democratic Party's candidate for the former four-person collective presidency of Slovenia.
Slavoj Žižek : However, in response to the allegations, Žižek stated:
Slavoj Žižek : Hegel's argument implies that, at the level of sense-certainty, we can never express the true nature of reality.
Slavoj Žižek : Žižek does not agree with critics who claim he believes in a historical necessity:
Slavoj Žižek : For example, if I say 'the dog is with me', although I am trying to say something about this particular dog at this particular time, I actually produce the universal category 'dog', and therefore express a generality, not the particularity I desire.
Slavoj Žižek : We are therefore, according to Lacan, alienated from language through the revelation of our desire (even if that desire originated with the Other, as he claims, it remains peculiar to us).
Slavoj Žižek : While he has claimed to stand by a revolutionary Marxist project, his lack of vision concerning the possible circumstances which could lead to successful revolution makes it unclear what that project consists of.
Slavoj Žižek : In Hegel's unconscious, however, we are alienated from language whenever we attempt to articulate a particular and end up articulating a universal.
Slavoj Žižek : Lacan's argument implies, to the contrary, that speech reveals the true structure of a particular unconscious mind.
Slavoj Žižek : Žižek's philosophical and political positions are not always clearly understandable, and his work has been criticized for a failure to take a consistent stance.
Slavoj Žižek : A journal, the "International Journal of Žižek Studies", was founded by professors David J. Gunkel and Paul A. Taylor to engage with his work.
Slavoj Žižek : Such presentation has laid him open to accusations of misreading other philosophers, particularly Jacques Lacan and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
Slavoj Žižek : A 2005 documentary film entitled "Zizek!"
Slavoj Žižek : According to John Gray and John Holbo, his theoretical argument often lacks grounding in historical fact, which makes him more provocative than insightful.
Slavoj Žižek : O'Neill concurs: "a dizzying array of wildly entertaining and often quite maddening rhetorical strategies are deployed in order to beguile, browbeat, dumbfound, dazzle, confuse, mislead, overwhelm, and generally subdue the reader into acceptance."
Slavoj Žižek : In 2012, "Foreign Policy" listed Žižek on its list of Top 100 Global Thinkers, calling him "a celebrity philosopher" while elsewhere he has been dubbed the "Elvis of cultural theory" and "the most dangerous philosopher in the West".
Slavoj Žižek : He is a lover of paradox, and believes strongly in what Hegel called 'the labour of the negative' though taking the idea, as always, one stage further towards the brick wall of paradox".
Slavoj Žižek : Žižek carries over many concepts from Lacan's teachings into the sphere of political and social theory, but has a tendency to do so in an extreme deviation from its psychoanalytic context.
Slavoj Žižek : For example, Ernesto Laclau argued that "Žižek uses class as a sort of "deus ex machina" to play the role of the good guy against the multicultural devils."
Slavoj Žižek : Žižek's refusal to present an alternative vision has led critics to accuse him of using unsustainable Marxist categories of analysis and having a 19th-century understanding of class.
Slavoj Žižek : Harpham calls Žižek's style "a stream of nonconsecutive units arranged in arbitrary sequences that solicit a sporadic and discontinuous attention."
Slavoj Žižek : Critics complain of a theoretical chaos in which questions and answers are confused and in which Žižek constantly recycles old ideas which were scientifically refuted long ago or which in reality have quite a different meaning than Žižek gives to them.
Slavoj Žižek : Similarly, according to some critics, Žižek's conflation of Lacan's unconscious with Hegel's unconscious is mistaken.
Slavoj Žižek : In response, Žižek expressed perplexity at the harsh tone of the denunciation, emphasizing that the recycled passages in question only acted as references from his theoretical books to supplement otherwise original writing.
Slavoj Žižek : In 1985, Žižek completed a second doctorate (Doctor of Philosophy in psychoanalysis) at the University of Paris VIII under Jacques-Alain Miller and François Regnault.
Slavoj Žižek : Noah Horwitz, in an effort to dissociate Lacan from Hegel, interprets the Lacanian unconscious and the Hegelian unconscious as two totally different mechanisms.
Slavoj Žižek : Gray concluded that Žižek's work, though entertaining, is intellectually worthless: "Achieving a deceptive substance by endlessly reiterating an essentially empty vision, Žižek's work amounts in the end to less than nothing."
Slavoj Žižek : Horwitz points out, in Lacan and Hegel's differing approaches to the topic of speech, that Lacan's unconscious reveals itself to us in parapraxis, or "slips-of-the-tongue".
Slavoj Žižek : In a very negative review of Žižek's book "Less than Nothing", the British political philosopher John Gray attacked Žižek for his celebrations of violence, his failure to ground his theories in historical facts, and his ‘formless radicalism’ which, according to Gray, professes to be communist yet lacks the conviction that communism could ever be successfully realized.
Slavoj Žižek : Noam Chomsky is critical of Žižek, saying that he is guilty of "using fancy terms like polysyllables and pretending you have a theory when you have no theory whatsoever", and also that Žižek’s theories never go "beyond the level of something you can explain in five minutes to a twelve-year-old".
Slavoj Žižek : On 11 July 2014, American weekly newsmagazine "Newsweek" reported that in an article published in 2006 Žižek plagiarized substantial passages from an earlier review that first appeared in the journal "American Renaissance", a publication condemned by the Southern Poverty Law Center as the organ of a "white nationalist hate group."
Slavoj Žižek : Žižek's tendency to recycle portions of his own texts in subsequent works resulted in the accusation of self-plagiarism by "The New York Times" in 2014, after Žižek published
Slavoj Žižek : In 1989 Žižek published his first English-language text, "The Sublime Object of Ideology", in which he departed from traditional Marxist theory to develop a materialist conception of ideology that drew heavily on Lacanian psychoanalysis and Hegelian idealism.
Richard Attwood : Richard James David "Dickie" Attwood (born 4 April 1940, Wolverhampton, Staffordshire) is a British motor racing driver, from England.
Timothy Spall : I am less worried about employment.
Timothy Spall : It made me aware of things and become more selective.
Timothy Spall : He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2000 New Year Honours.
Timothy Spall : I really do my homework so I am not getting stressed on the set because I don't know what I'm doing.
Timothy Spall : He has said of his illness: I didn't know what made me ill but stress had something to do with it and the point is now to head off stress at the pass.
Timothy Spall : In 1996, Spall was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia, but has since been in remission.
Timothy Spall : He lives in Forest Hill, south east London.
Timothy Spall : Timothy Leonard Spall (born 27 February 1957) is an English character actor and occasional presenter.
Timothy Spall : Spall and his wife Shane have three children: Pascale (born 1976), Rafe (born 1983), who is also an actor, and Mercedes (born 1985).
Timothy Spall : He trained at the National Youth Theatre and RADA, where he was awarded the Bancroft Gold Medal as the most promising actor in his year.
Timothy Spall : Spall, the third of four sons, was born in Battersea, London.
Timothy Spall : He became a household name in the UK after appearing as Barry Spencer Taylor in the 1983 ITV comedy-drama series "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet".
Timothy Spall : Following a film debut in "Quadrophenia" and wider TV exposure playing the awkward Barry Taylor in all four series of "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", Kevin in Outside Edge and as Aubrey the appalling chef in Mike Leigh's "Life is Sweet", Spall has since appeared in the films "Crusoe", "Secrets & Lies", "Shooting the Past", "Topsy-Turvy", "Vanilla Sky", "Rock Star", "All or Nothing", "The Last Samurai", "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" and "The King's Speech".
Mikel Zarrabeitia : Mikel Zarrabeitia Uranga (born May 14, 1970 in Abadiño) is a Spanish former road bicycle racer.
Stéphan Caron : Stéphan Caron (sometimes spelled Stéphane Caron, born 1 July 1966 in Rouen, Seine-Maritime) is a former freestyle swimmer from France.
Patrick Rothfuss : In 2006, Rothfuss sold his novel "The Name of the Wind" to DAW Books, which was released in 2007.
Patrick Rothfuss : in English from the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point in 1999.
Patrick Rothfuss : at Washington State University, and returned to teach at Stevens Point.
Patrick Rothfuss : It won a Quill Award (for Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror) and was listed among "Publishers Weekly"s "Books of the Year."
Patrick Rothfuss : Rothfuss organizes the charity Worldbuilders, which, since 2008, has raised over $7.4 million, primarily for Heifer International, a charity that provides livestock, clean water, education, and training for communities in the developing world.
Patrick Rothfuss : Patrick James Rothfuss (born June 6, 1973) is an American writer of epic fantasy.
Patrick Rothfuss : In 2002, he won the Writers of the Future 2002 Second Quarter competition with "The Road to Levenshir," an excerpt from his then-unpublished novel "The Wise Man's Fear".
Patrick Rothfuss : Patrick Rothfuss was born in Madison, Wisconsin, and received his B.A.
Patrick Rothfuss : Its sequel, "The Wise Man's Fear," was published in March 2011 and reached No.
Patrick Rothfuss : He is best known for his unfinished series "The Kingkiller Chronicle", which won him several awards, including the 2007 Quill Award for his debut novel, "The Name of the Wind".
Rodrigo Fresán : Rodrigo Fresán (born 1963 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a fiction writer and journalist.
Rodrigo Fresán : In 2017, Rodrigo Fresán received the prestigious French Prix Roger Caillois.
Rodrigo Fresán : He has published "Historia argentina", "Vidas de santos", "Trabajos manuales", "Esperanto", "La velocidad de las cosas", "Mantra" and "Jardines de Kensington", "El fondo del cielo", "La parte inventada" (Best Translated Book Award 2018 as The Invented Part) and "La parte soñada".
Shane Kelly : Shane John Kelly OAM (born 7 January 1972) is a former professional Australian track racing cyclist.
Rainer Weiss : Rainer Weiss has been recognized by numerous awards including:
Rainer Weiss : Rainer Weiss was born in Berlin, Germany, the son of Gertrude Loesner and Frederick A. Weiss.
Rainer Weiss : He was Chair of the COBE Science Working Group.
Rainer Weiss : In February 2016, he was one of the four scientists of LIGO/Virgo collaboration presenting at the press conference for the announcement that the first direct gravitational wave observation had been made in September 2015.
Rainer Weiss : The family fled first to Prague, but Germany's occupation of Czechoslovakia after the 1938 Munich Agreement caused them to flee; the philanthropic Stix family of St. Louis enabled them to obtain visas to enter the United States.
Rainer Weiss : He taught at Tufts University from 1960 to 1962, was a postdoctoral scholar at Princeton University from 1962 to 1964, and then joined the faculty at MIT in 1964.
Rainer Weiss : degree in 1955 and Ph.D. degree in 1962 from Jerrold Zacharias.
Rainer Weiss : Weiss brought two fields of fundamental physics research from birth to maturity: characterization of the cosmic background radiation, and interferometric gravitational wave observation.
Paolo Conte : Paolo Conte was born in Asti, Piedmont.
Paolo Conte : In 1997 Conte won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Score for the film "La freccia azzurra".
Paolo Conte : In 1974 Conte recorded his first album, "Paolo Conte".
Paolo Conte : They wrote songs for Adriano Celentano ("Azzurro", 1968), Caterina Caselli ("Insieme a te non ci sto più", 1968), Fausto Leali ("Deborah", 1968) and Enzo Jannacci ("Messico e nuvole", 1970).
Paolo Conte : Paolo Conte (; born 6 January 1937) is an Italian singer, pianist, composer, and lawyer notable for his grainy, resonant voice.
Armin Mueller-Stahl : "Conversation with the Beast" (1996) was his first film as director.
Armin Mueller-Stahl : Mueller-Stahl was born in Tilsit, East Prussia (now Sovetsk, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia).
Armin Mueller-Stahl : He is also remembered for his role as the Soviet general in charge of the occupied United States in the ABC television miniseries "Amerika" (1987).
Armin Mueller-Stahl : Mueller-Stahl was a concert violinist while he was a teenager and enrolled at an East Berlin acting school in 1952.
Armin Mueller-Stahl : He subsequently took character roles in "Kafka" by Steven Soderbergh and "Night on Earth" by Jim Jarmusch (both 1991).
Armin Mueller-Stahl : Mueller-Stahl made his American film debut as Jessica Lange's character's father in "Music Box" (1989).
Armin Mueller-Stahl : In 2004, Mueller-Stahl made a foray into American television, guest-starring in four episodes on the television drama series "The West Wing" as the Prime Minister of Israel.
Ashton Kutcher : I am amazed I am not dead."
Ashton Kutcher : I was partying, and I woke up many mornings not knowing what I had done the night before.
Ashton Kutcher : He has Czech, German, and Irish ancestry.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher describes himself as a fiscal conservative and social liberal.
Ashton Kutcher : He made his film debut in the romantic comedy "Coming Soon" (1999), followed by the comedy film "Dude, Where's My Car?"
Ashton Kutcher : (2000), "Just Married" (2003), and "Guess Who" (2005).
Ashton Kutcher : He spearheaded a marketing campaign and produced viral videos to promote this service.
Ashton Kutcher : Michael also has cerebral palsy and is a spokesperson for the advocacy organization Reaching for the Stars.
Ashton Kutcher : However, he was unable to return in 2009 because he was filming "Spread".
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher stated, "I thought I knew everything but I didn't have a clue.
Ashton Kutcher : He has said he "didn't want to come home and find more bad news" about his brother, stating, "I kept myself so busy that I didn't allow myself to feel."
Ashton Kutcher : He has also won awards for his romantic comedies "A Lot like Love," "What Happens in Vegas" and "No Strings Attached."
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher claimed that 100,000 to 300,000 American children were sold into sexual slavery.
Ashton Kutcher : During his senior year, he broke into his high school at midnight with his cousin in an attempt to steal money; he was arrested leaving the scene.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher was convicted of third-degree burglary and sentenced to three years of probation and 180 hours of community service.
Ashton Kutcher : On September 17, 2008, Kutcher was named the assistant coach for the freshman football team at Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles.
Ashton Kutcher : Placing first, he won a trip to New York City's International Modeling and Talent Association (IMTA) Convention.
Ashton Kutcher : However, there have been several reports that Twitter manipulated the contest's results by preventing users from "unfollowing" Kutcher or CNN.
Ashton Kutcher : Ooma is in the Voice over Internet Protocol business and Kutcher's role was as Creative Director.
Ashton Kutcher : He appeared in the 2003 family film "Cheaper By The Dozen" as a self-obsessed actor.
Ashton Kutcher : His "No Strings Attached" co-star, Natalie Portman, stated in 2011 that Kutcher "has taught me more about Judaism than I think I have ever learned from anyone else".
Ashton Kutcher : Many of his production credits, including "Punk'd", come through Katalyst Films, a production company he runs with partner Jason Goldberg.
Ashton Kutcher : She gave birth to their son Dimitri Portwood Kutcher in November 2016.
Ashton Kutcher : At college, Kutcher was kicked out of his apartment for being too "noisy" and "wild".
Ashton Kutcher : Christopher Ashton Kutcher (; born February 7, 1978) is an American actor, producer, and entrepreneur.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher was part of the management team for Ooma, a tech start-up launched in September 2007.
Ashton Kutcher : Ooma revamped its sales and marketing strategy with a new management team in the summer of 2008, replacing Kutcher as their creative director.
Ashton Kutcher : He was cast as Michael Kelso in the television series "That '70s Show", from 1998 to 2006.
Ashton Kutcher : To earn tuition money, Kutcher worked as a college summer hire in the cereal department for the General Mills plant in Cedar Rapids and sometimes sold his blood plasma.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher stated that although the experience "straightened him out", he lost his girlfriend and anticipated college scholarships, and was ostracized at school and in his community.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher enrolled at the University of Iowa in August 1996, where his planned major was biochemical engineering, motivated by the desire to cure his brother's heart ailment.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher produced and starred in the 2010 action comedy, "Killers", in which he played a hitman.
Ashton Kutcher : Because of scheduling conflicts with the filming of "The Guardian", Kutcher was unable to renew his contract for the eighth and final season of "That '70s Show", although he appeared in its first four episodes (credited as a special guest star) and returned for the series finale.
Ashton Kutcher : On April 16, 2009, Kutcher became the first Twitter user to reach more than 1 million followers, beating CNN in the site's "Million followers contest".
Ashton Kutcher : In May 2011, Kutcher was announced as Charlie Sheen's replacement on the series "Two and a Half Men".
Ashton Kutcher : He is also an executive producer of the reality television shows "Beauty and the Geek", "Adventures in Hollyhood" (based around the rap group Three 6 Mafia), "The Real Wedding Crashers", and the game show "Opportunity Knocks".
Ashton Kutcher : In the 2004 drama film "The Butterfly Effect", Kutcher played a conflicted young man who time travels.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher was cast in a series of film roles; although he auditioned but was not cast for the role of Danny Walker in "Pearl Harbor" (2001) (replaced by Josh Hartnett), he starred in several comedy films, including "Dude, Where's My Car?"
Ashton Kutcher : He has an older sister named Tausha and a fraternal twin brother named Michael, who had a heart transplant when the brothers were young children.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Diane ("née" Finnegan), a Procter & Gamble employee, and Larry M. Kutcher, a factory worker.
Ashton Kutcher : Leaving U of Iowa for a stay in New York City, Kutcher then returned to Cedar Rapids, before relocating to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
Ashton Kutcher : After participating in an IMTA competition in 1998, Kutcher signed with Next modeling agency in New York, appeared in commercials for Calvin Klein, and modelled in Paris and Milan.
Ashton Kutcher : While at the University of Iowa, he was approached by a model scout at The Airliner bar in Iowa City, Iowa, and entered the "Fresh Faces of Iowa" modeling competition.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher attended Washington High School in Cedar Rapids for his freshman year, before his family moved to Homestead, Iowa, where he attended Clear Creek Amana High School.
Ashton Kutcher : In 2003, Kutcher produced and starred as the host in his own series, MTV's "Punk'd", that involved hidden camera tricks performed on celebrities.
Ashton Kutcher : Kutcher has invested in an Italian restaurant, Dolce (other owners include Danny Masterson and Wilmer Valderrama) and a Japanese-themed restaurant named Geisha House with locations in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and New York City.
Óscar Cardozo : In April 2008, Benfica bought out the remaining 20% of his rights for a further €2.5 million, thus investing €11.6 million total in his economic rights.
Óscar Cardozo : On 31 August 2016, Cardozo joined Greek champions Olympiacos.
Óscar Cardozo : As a result of his performances, he was voted the 2006 Paraguayan Footballer of the Year.
Óscar Cardozo : In his first match for the team, Cardozo scored a double in a 5–1 away win over Huracán in the 2017 Copa Sudamericana on 12 July.
Óscar Cardozo : Óscar René Cardozo Marín (; born 20 May 1983) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Club Libertad and the Paraguay national team.
Óscar Cardozo : Cardozo arrived at Argentina and Newell's Old Boys in the second half of the 2006–07 season for a transfer fee of $1.2 million, joining compatriots Diego Gavilán, Santiago Salcedo and Justo Villar.
Morihiro Hosokawa : I knew my opinion was going to invite heated controversy."
Morihiro Hosokawa : On 1 April 1994, a 40-hour workweek was introduced.
Morihiro Hosokawa : degree from Sophia University in 1961.
Morihiro Hosokawa : He is also a special consultant to "The Japan Times".
Morihiro Hosokawa : After pressure from the finance ministry, the government compensated for these cuts by announcing an increase in the consumption tax from 3% to 7%, effective from 1997.
Morihiro Hosokawa : The government's response to the issue weakened its hold on power and was said to hasten its demise.
Morihiro Hosokawa : In his first news conference in office, he made an unprecedented statement acknowledging that Japan waged a war of aggression in World War II.
Morihiro Hosokawa : He is also a descendant of Christian heroine Gracia Hosokawa.
Morihiro Hosokawa : On 19 March 1994, he visited China, and the two governments signed an agreement of cooperation in environmental protection.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Amendments made to regulations under the Industrial Safety and Health Law of 1972 on 30 March 1994 included accidents involving the collapsing of cranes and breaking of wires that needed to be reported to the authorities.
Morihiro Hosokawa : But if you have any common sense, you just cannot say in good conscience that Japan was not the aggressor when Japan did in fact cause tremendous anguish and loss of life in China, Korea and Southeast Asian nations in order to protect its own interests.
Morihiro Hosokawa : The tax was eventually increased to 5% in 1997 by LDP Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto.
Morihiro Hosokawa : In the July 1993 general election, in a change very few had foreseen even a year earlier, the LDP lost its majority in the Diet for the first time in thirty-eight years, winning only 223 out of 511 seats in the House of Representatives.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa announced the increase but retracted the announcement the next day, leaving the tax at 3%.
Morihiro Hosokawa : A law of December 1993 amending the Basic Law on measures for physically and mentally disabled persons of 1970 aimed to promote the independence of disabled people and their participation in activities in any field such as culture, the economy, and community affairs.
Morihiro Hosokawa : After serving two terms in the National Diet, he left in 1983 to become the governor of Kumamoto, where he served until 1991.
Morihiro Hosokawa : The move was controversial within the cabinet, as Ichiro Ozawa favored a 10% rate while the Japan Socialist Party would not agree to an increase.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Although Hosokawa still had high public approval at the time, opinion was growing that he could not meet the expectations set at the start of his term.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Amid allegations of bribery, Hosokawa argued that the money was a loan and produced a receipt to show that he had paid it back; LDP members passed around a copy remarking that it looked like a sloppy fake.
Morihiro Hosokawa : He was also at odds with Japan's bureaucracy, which he sought to reform after decades of bureaucratic entrenchment under the LDP.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa was forced to resign in April 1994 after it came to light that he had accepted a 100-million-yen loan from a trucking company previously accused of bribery and links to organized crime.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa later speculated that if both men had remained in office longer Russian-Japanese relations would have improved significantly.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Walter Mondale, then the US ambassador to Japan, characterized Hosokawa as having a "Kennedy-esque" ability to focus on ideals; nonetheless, Hosokawa's coalition had no common ideas other than their opposition to the LDP, which undermined Hosokawa throughout his term as prime minister.
Morihiro Hosokawa : In May 1992, an ongoing campaign contribution scandal inspired him to form the reformist Japan New Party (JNP), which won four seats (one of which Hosokawa assumed) in the 1992 House of Councillors election.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa also enacted cuts in income and resident taxes, intended to help Japan out of the recession that had followed the Japanese asset price bubble of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Morihiro Hosokawa : On 6 November 1993, he visited South Korea, where he had a summit with President Kim Young-sam in Gyeongju and again offered a clear apology to the Korean people for Japan's actions in the war, statements which were widely applauded in Korea.
Morihiro Hosokawa : After his resignation, the coalition was taken over by the Shinseito president Tsutomu Hata.
Morihiro Hosokawa : In May 1994, right-wing extremist Masakatsu Nozoe fired a gunshot into the ceiling of a Tokyo hotel where Hosokawa was giving a speech, in apparent protest at Hosokawa's statements.
Morihiro Hosokawa : After working for the newspaper "Asahi Shimbun" as journalist for five years, he made an unsuccessful run in the 1969 general election.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Excluding the JCP, the coalition was backed by all of the former opposition parties, which included the newly formed JNP, the Japan Socialist Party, the Japan Renewal Party (Shinseito), Komeito, the Democratic Socialist Party, the Socialist Democratic Federation, the RENGO and the New Party Sakigake, who together controlled 243 seats in the House of Representatives.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa made several unprecedented moves toward atonement with Japan's Asian neighbors during his term as prime minister.
Morihiro Hosokawa : After an extended legislative fight, the LDP was able to force several concessions to maintain their advantage, retaining corporate political donations with a cap, while pushing back on some more radical changes to the electoral map and ensuring that most candidates would keep essentially the same seats in the next election.
Morihiro Hosokawa : The Hosokawa government pushed for changes to Japanese election laws intended to fight political corruption, including elimination of corporate political donations to individual candidates and a redrawing of the electoral system, both intended to prevent the LDP from continuing to employ its past electoral practices.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa also had a good personal relationship with Bill Clinton, but trade disputes between Japan and the United States dominated US-Japan relations during Hosokawa's tenure.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa viewed the Japanese annexation of Korea as wrong and rejected the common view in Japan that it was with Korea's consent and was beneficial to Korea.
Morihiro Hosokawa : Hosokawa's resignation was abrupt and led to a number of frenzied meetings aimed at saving the coalition, which was torn between the rival camps of Ichiro Ozawa and Masayoshi Takemura.
Mark Ruffalo : My first reaction was that buildings don't fall down like that."
Mark Ruffalo : He has two sisters, Tania and Nicole, and a brother, Scott (died 2008).
Mark Ruffalo : Mark Alan Ruffalo was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Mark Ruffalo : His performance in "" received acclaim from critics.
Mark Ruffalo : He competed in wrestling in junior high and high school in Wisconsin and Virginia.
Mark Ruffalo : Ruffalo has described himself as having been a "happy kid", although he struggled with undiagnosed dyslexia and ADD as a child and a young adult.
Mark Ruffalo : The tumor was found to be benign; however, the surgery to remove the mass resulted in partial facial paralysis and affected his hearing.
Mark Ruffalo : Mark Ruffalo (; born November 22, 1967) is an American actor and producer.
Mark Ruffalo : In 2006, Ruffalo starred in Clifford Odets' "Awake and Sing!"
Mark Ruffalo : His mother, Marie Rose (née Hébert), is a hairdresser and stylist and his father, Frank Lawrence Ruffalo Jr., worked as a construction painter.
Mark Ruffalo : He gained wider recognition for his role as Bruce Banner / Hulk in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero films "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2015), "" (2017), "" (2018), and "" (2019).
Mark Ruffalo : Through a chance meeting with writer Kenneth Lonergan, he began collaborating with Lonergan and appeared in several of his plays, including the original cast of "This is Our Youth" (1996), which led to Ruffalo's role as Laura Linney's character's brother in Lonergan's Academy Award-nominated 2000 film "You Can Count On Me".
Mark Ruffalo : at the Belasco Theatre in New York, for which he was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play.
Mark Ruffalo : In 2007, Ruffalo played divorced lawyer Dwight Arno, who accidentally kills a child and speeds away, in Terry George's film "Reservation Road", based on the novel by John Burnham Schwartz.
Mark Ruffalo : In March 2007, he appeared in "Zodiac" as SFPD homicide inspector Dave Toschi, who ran the investigation to find and apprehend the Zodiac killer from 1969 through most of the 1970s.
Mark Ruffalo : In the mid-2000s, Ruffalo appeared as a romantic lead in "View From the Top" (2002), "13 Going on 30" (2004), "Just Like Heaven" (2005) and "Rumor Has It" (2005).
Mark Ruffalo : He appeared opposite Tom Cruise as a narcotics detective in Michael Mann's crime thriller "Collateral" (2004).
Mark Ruffalo : He received favorable reviews for his performance in this film, often earning comparisons to the young Marlon Brando, and won awards from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association and Montreal World Film Festival.
Mark Ruffalo : This led to other significant roles, including the films "XX/XY" (2002), Isabel Coixet's "My Life Without Me" (2003), Jane Campion's "In the Cut" (2003), Michel Gondry's "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004), and "We Don't Live Here Anymore" (2004), which is based on two short stories written by Andre Dubus.
Mark Ruffalo : Ruffalo had minor roles in films including "The Dentist" (1996), the low-key crime comedy "Safe Men" (1998) and Ang Lee's Civil War Western "Ride with the Devil" (1999).
Pascal Chimbonda : Whilst at Wigan he started in the 2006 Football League Cup Final.
Pascal Chimbonda : Pascal Chimbonda (born 21 February 1979) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ashton Town.
Pascal Chimbonda : On 26 July 2008, Chimbonda signed for Sunderland, joining up with former teammates Teemu Tainio and Steed Malbranque.
Dominique Bathenay : Dominique Bathenay (born 13 February 1954) is a French retired football midfielder and coach.
Dominique Bathenay : He was a member of the French squad that competed at the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
Américo Gallego : He is currently the manager of Panama national football team.
Américo Gallego : Américo Rubén "El Tolo" Gallego (born 25 April 1955) is an Argentine football coach and former player.
Nigel Short : World Team Championship:
Nigel Short : He was awarded the grandmaster title in 1984, aged 19—becoming the youngest grandmaster in the world at the time.
Nigel Short : Short was born 1 June 1965 in Leigh, Lancashire.
Nigel Short : The unprecedented rebellion organized by Kasparov and Short resulted in a parallel World Championship cycle organized by FIDE, featuring Anatoly Karpov and Jan Timman playing a title match later in 1993, which was won by Karpov.
Nigel Short : He was the Commonwealth Champion in 2004 (Mumbai), 2006 (Mumbai) and 2008 (Nagpur).
Nigel Short : Short won the British Chess Championship in 1984, 1987, and 1998, and the English Championship in 1991 (the only year in which the latter event was held).
Mari Alkatiri : He was Prime Minister of East Timor from May 2002 until his resignation on 26 June 2006 following weeks of political unrest in the country, and again from September 2017 until May 2018.
Mari Alkatiri : During the 24-year Indonesian occupation of East Timor, Alkatiri was a chartered surveyor (Angolan School of Geography), and lived in exile in Angola and Mozambique.
Patxi Andión : Patxi Andión was born to Basque parents in Madrid in 1947 and lived part of his childhood in the Basque town of Azpeitia.
Patxi Andión : Francisco "Patxi" Andión González (6 October 1947 – 18 December 2019) was a Spanish singer-songwriter, musician and actor.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : In July 2009, Kariņš became a Member of European Parliament.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : He was also a member of the Reconciliation of European Histories Group.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : He was a Member of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, substitute in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and was a substitute in the Special Committee on Tax Rulings and Other Measures Similar in Nature or Effect.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : In 1996, Kariņš finished a Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania and specialized in the field of automatic speech recognition.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : Instead, he founded "Lāču ledus", a producer and distributor of ice and frozen foods, that he led until 2002.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : In March 2007 Kariņš became one of two co-leaders of New Era together with Repše.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : Kariņš was born in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, to a Latvian American family.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : On 23 April 2018, Kariņš was announced as New Unity's candidate for the Latvian premiership for the 2018 election.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : He was elected to the Saeima on the party's ticket in October 2002, with New Era becoming the single largest party in parliament.
Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš : Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš (born 13 December 1964) is an American-born Latvian-American linguist, businessman, and politician who has served as Minister of Economics and Member of the European Parliament, and is currently the Prime Minister of Latvia.
Rohan Dennis : On 18 July 2019, he abandoned the Tour de France during Stage 12.
Rohan Dennis : The record stood until 2 May 2015, when it was broken by Dowsett.
Rohan Dennis : He won the Sir Hubert Opperman medal and trophy for Australia's best all-round cyclist in 2015.
Rohan Dennis : On 8 February 2015, he set a new hour record of 52.491 km, beating Matthias Brändle's record by over 600 metres.
Rohan Dennis : He joined for the 2013 season, and made his debut Tour de France, pulling out of the race before Stage 9.
Rohan Dennis : In August 2014, Dennis made a rare mid-season transfer to the BMC Racing Team.
Rohan Dennis : He also placed second in the Commonwealth Games time trial behind England's Alex Dowsett.
Rohan Dennis : Rohan Dennis (born 28 May 1990) is an Australian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Rohan Dennis : In 2014, Dennis finished second overall behind Bradley Wiggins at the Tour of California, after placing second to Wiggins in the time trial.
Gonzalo Suárez : Gonzalo Suárez Morilla (Oviedo, Spain, 30 July 1934) is a Spanish writer, screenwriter and film director.
Gonzalo Suárez : He has a younger brother cinematographer Carlos Suárez, two daughters and son, Gonzalo Suárez Girard, who is a video game director, most well known for his work on Commandos.
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng : As a Senior Lieutenant he was Chief Political Commissar of Infantry Battalion 207; as a Captain, he was Political Chief of Infantry Regiment 152, defending the southwestern border.
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng : At a party congress in January 2011, he was nominated for another term as prime minister.
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng : He purportedly volunteered on his 12th birthday to join the Vietcong, doing first-aid, and communication tasks; he also worked as a nurse, and a physician.
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng : During this time, Nguyễn Tấn Dũng served in the Cambodian–Vietnamese War, which resulted in the Vietnamese occupation of Cambodia.
Nguyễn Tấn Dũng : He was confirmed by the National Assembly on 27 June 2006, having been nominated by his predecessor, Phan Văn Khải, who retired from office.
Don Eddy : Don Eddy (born November 4, 1944) is an American painter who gained initial fame as a photorealist; but his recent works have veered into the realm of metaphysics.
Don Eddy : Eddy is married to the painter Leigh Behnke.
Don Eddy : He also attended the University of California, Santa Barbara from 1969 to 1970.
Don Eddy : Don Eddy received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1967 and Master of Fine Arts 1969 from the University of Hawaii that is located in Honolulu.
Don Eddy : In the 1980s, his work was more object oriented—depicting glassware, silverware, and toys on a reflective series of glass shelves.
Milan Kalina : Milan Kalina (born 13 August 1956 in Belgrade) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Andreas Köpke : FC Nürnberg at the end of the 2000–01 2.
Vince Clarke : with Freeform Five, for their album "Strangest Things" (2005).
Vince Clarke : The Erasure Christmas album "Snow Globe" was released on 11 November 2013.
Vince Clarke : In 2008 Family Fantastic released a second album, entitled "Wonderful".
Vince Clarke : Clarke also co-wrote "What Do I Want From You?"
Vince Clarke : In 1980, he teamed up with Robert Marlow and Martin Gore to form French Look.
Vince Clarke : Vincent John Martin was born in South Woodford, Essex and then he moved to Basildon, Essex.
Vince Clarke : Clarke has been married to Tracy Hurley since 2004.
Vince Clarke : On 21 May 2009, Clarke was awarded by an "Outstanding Song Collection" prize, during the Ivor Novello Awards ceremony of the same day, in recognition of 30 years in the music industry.
Vince Clarke : Clarke worked with synthpop producer Martyn Ware (of Heaven 17 and The Human League) in 1999 as "The Clarke & Ware Experiment" and released the album "Pretentious".
Vince Clarke : In 1983, Clarke teamed up with Eric Radcliffe, and it was their idea to collaborate as one-off associations with different artists on each new single, under the name The Assembly; notably with singer Feargal Sharkey they scored the Top 5 hit "Never Never".
Ving Rhames : After high school, he studied drama at SUNY Purchase, where fellow acting student Stanley Tucci gave him his nickname "Ving".
Ving Rhames : He entered New York's High School of Performing Arts, where he discovered his love of acting.
Ving Rhames : At the ceremony he gave his award to fellow nominee Jack Lemmon, saying, "I feel that being an artist is about giving, and I'd like to give this to you."
Ving Rhames : Irving Rameses Rhames (born May 12, 1959) is an American stage and screen actor.
Ving Rhames : Rhames was born on May 12, 1959 in Harlem, New York City, the son of Reather, a homemaker, and Ernest Rhames, an auto mechanic.
Hristos Banikas : Banikas is well known for entering into tactical complications.
Hristos Banikas : In 2001 he lost a Man vs. Machine match against Deep Junior.
Hristos Banikas : With the white pieces he prefers 1.d4, but occasionally plays 1.
Hristos Banikas : He won eight Greek championships from 2000 through 2005 and from 2008 to 2009.
Hristos Banikas : In 2002 Banikas won the European Rapid Chess Championship in Panormo, Crete edging Sergei Movsesian on tiebreak score, and the 2nd Balkan Individual Championship in Istanbul.
Hristos Banikas : Banikas won the 1990 Greek U-12 championship, the 1993 Greek U-16 championship, and the 1996 Greek U-20 championship.
Eiji Kawashima : Following this, Kawashima was determined to help Kawasaki Frontale win the league.
Eiji Kawashima : Kawashima played in Japan for Omiya Ardija, Nagoya Grampus Eight and Kawasaki Frontale before joining Lierse S.K.
Eiji Kawashima : In May 2018, Kawashima was named in Japan's preliminary squad for the World Cup in Russia.
Urs Zimmermann : Urs Zimmermann (born 29 November 1959 in Mühledorf) is a Swiss former professional road racing cyclist.
Rodney Pattisson : He was later elected to the Sailing Hall of Fame.
Rodney Pattisson : They travelled to Mexico two months before the start of the Olympics in order to acclimatise themselves to the local conditions.
Rodney Pattisson : Both his parents were English, and he identifies himself as English, not Scottish, despite commonly being referred to as a Scot in public sources.
Rodney Pattisson : Pattisson was a member of Itchenor Sailing Club.
Rodney Pattisson : His family left Scotland just two months after Rodney's birth, and he has never lived in Scotland since then.
Rodney Pattisson : The College prepared boys to be officers in the Merchant Navy although many students joined the Royal Navy, a tradition he followed on leaving the college.
Rodney Pattisson : He went to school at Pangbourne College, which was founded in 1917 as the Nautical College Pangbourne.
Rodney Pattisson : Rodney Stuart Pattisson, MBE (born 5 August 1943) is a British yachtsman.
Rodney Pattisson : Pattisson was born in Campbeltown, Argyll, Scotland, where his father was posted as an airman during World War II.
Rodney Pattisson : As Lieutenant Rodney Stuart Pattisson, he was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1969 New Year Honours for his services to yachting.
Rodney Pattisson : At the time it was noted that in winning the gold, Pattisson became the first "Scot" to win an Olympic medal in sailing.
Rodney Pattisson : Pattisson then retired from the Olympics and later co-skippered the "Victory 83", the Peter de Savary entry in the America's Cup in 1983.
Rodney Pattisson : After his Olympic victory in 1968, Pattisson resigned his commission in the Royal Navy so as to give himself more time for training.
Rodney Pattisson : Pattisson was honoured by being the flag-bearer at the opening ceremony of the 1976 Montreal Olympics.
Rodney Pattisson : He later teamed up with the London solicitor Iain MacDonald-Smith and won the 1968 Olympic trials.
Rodney Pattisson : Both Pattisson and MacDonald-Smith went on to win the FD (Flying Dutchman) World Championship in 1969 and 1970.
Rodney Pattisson : In 1968 Pattisson and MacDonald-Smith won the gold medal in the Flying Dutchman class in the Olympic Games on their boat "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", which was shortened by race officials to "Superdocious".
Rodney Pattisson : He also won a silver medal at the 1976 Montreal Olympics in the same class to become Great Britain’s most successful Olympic yachtsman until Ben Ainslie overtook him with 3 gold medals and a silver medal at four different Olympic Games at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Rodney Pattisson : He is a double Olympic gold medalist in sailing won at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics and 1972 Munich Olympics all in the Flying Dutchman class.
Rodney Pattisson : He won another World Championship in 1971, but this time it was with Julian Brooke-Houghton.
Larry the Cable Guy : Initially performing stand-up under his real name with limited success, he became famous after developing the Cable Guy character, a personality that he now maintains throughout his stage act.
Larry the Cable Guy : They have two children together: a son, Wyatt (born August 2, 2006), and a daughter, Reagan (born October 29, 2007).
Larry the Cable Guy : The hospital opened a new wing called the Wyatt Whitney Wing in May 2012.
Larry the Cable Guy : After Dr. Chad Price at Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children helped cure their son, Wyatt, of his dysplasia when he was an infant, Whitney and his wife, Cara, made private donations to the hospital and Whitney raised money through appearances on "Family Feud" and "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?
Larry the Cable Guy : In September 2010, Whitney donated $5 million to the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando, Florida.
Larry the Cable Guy : The gift was for further development of the International Hip Dysplasia Institute at the Orlando hospital.
Larry the Cable Guy : Daniel Lawrence Whitney (born February 17, 1963), known professionally by his stage name Larry the Cable Guy, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, singer and radio personality, with a career spanning over 30 years.
Phil Bardsley : Manchester United
Phil Bardsley : He was regularly named as a substitute for much of the rest of the season, before going on loan to Championship club Burnley on 16 March 2006.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : He gave a series of interviews that appeared as a book, "Les Sept Défis pour l'Eglise" ("The Seven Challenges for the Church"), in 2003.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : He was ordained on 5 October 1968 in Marseille and did pastoral work in the Archdiocese of Marseille from 1968 to 1993.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : Jean-Pierre Ricard (born 26 September 1944) is a French prelate of the Catholic Church who was Archbishop of Bordeaux from 2001 to 2019.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : From 2001 to 2007 he was president of the French Episcopal Conference.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : He was made Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Agostino in the consistory of 24 March 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : Pope John Paul II named him to the Archbishop of Bordeaux on 21 December 2001.
Jean-Pierre Ricard : On 4 July 1996 he was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Montpellier and became bishop there upon the death of his predecessor on 6 September.
Mauricio Solís : He also played at the 1995, 1999 and 2001 UNCAF Nations Cups as well as at the 2002 and 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cups.
Mauricio Solís : Mauricio Solís Mora (born 13 December 1972 in Heredia) is a retired Costa Rican professional footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
Mauricio Solís : He would remain with Herediano until 1996, winning the last Costa Rican championship Herediano won in the 1992–93 season.
Mauricio Solís : Nicknamed "el Mauro", Solís began his professional career with Herediano, making his debut with the club on 5 November 1990 against Limonense.
Tomass Dukurs : His younger brother Martins is also a skeleton racer.
Kossi Agassa : With over 50 caps for Togo he is one of his country's most experienced players, and was called up to the 2006 World Cup as the first-choice goalkeeper.
Kossi Agassa : Kossi Agassa (born 2 July 1978) is a French-Togolese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Sidney Poitier : (1970) and "The Organization" (1971).
Sidney Poitier : In November 1943, he lied about his age and enlisted in the Army during World War II.
Sidney Poitier : Poitier was first married to Juanita Hardy from April 29, 1950, until 1965.
Sidney Poitier : In 1967, he was the most successful draw at the box office, the commercial peak of his career, with three popular films, "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner"; "To Sir, with Love" and "In the Heat of the Night".
Sidney Poitier : He has been married to Joanna Shimkus, a Canadian former actress, since January 23, 1976.
Sidney Poitier : By the end of 1949, he had to choose between leading roles on stage and an offer to work for Darryl F. Zanuck in the film "No Way Out" (1950).
Sidney Poitier : In April 1997, Poitier was appointed ambassador of the Bahamas to Japan, a position he held until 2007.
Sidney Poitier : Sir Sidney Poitier, (; born February 20, 1927) is a Bahamian-American actor and film director.
Sidney Poitier : Sidney Poitier was the youngest of seven surviving children, born to Evelyn (née Outten) and Reginald James Poitier, Bahamian farmers who owned a farm on Cat Island.
Carl Bildt : From 1999 to 2001, he served as the United Nations Secretary-General's Special Envoy for the Balkans.
Carl Bildt : Bildt served as Sweden's Minister for Foreign Affairs from October 2006 to October 2014.
Carl Bildt : He had been noted internationally as a mediator in the Yugoslav wars, serving as the European Union's Special Envoy to the Former Yugoslavia from June 1995, co-chairman of the Dayton Peace Conference in November 1995 and High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina from December 1995 to June 1997, immediately after the Bosnian War.
Carl Bildt : He was the leader of the Moderate Party from 1986 to 1999.
Carl Bildt : Nils Daniel Carl Bildt (born 15 July 1949) is a Swedish politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Sweden from 1991 to 1994.
Carl Bildt : He served as chairman of the FMSF Confederation of Swedish Conservative and Liberal Students, a centre-right student organisation, in the early 1970s, and also chaired European Democrat Students, bringing together like-minded centre-right student organisations from across Europe.
Carl Bildt : Bildt was married to Kerstin Zetterberg from 1974–75; to Mia Bohman (daughter of former Moderate party leader and Minister of Economy, Gösta Bohman) from 1984–97; and, since 1998, to Anna Maria Corazza.
Toto Cutugno : Salvatore "Toto" Cutugno (; born 7 July 1943) is an Italian pop singer-songwriter and musician.
Toto Cutugno : He won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1990 with his own composition "" ("Together: 1992"), a ballad which celebrated European political integration, and establishment of EU.
Toto Cutugno : He then won in 1980 with the song "Solo noi".
Toto Cutugno : He may be best known for his worldwide hit song, "L'Italiano", released on his 1983 album of the same title.
Bruno Giacomelli : Bruno Giacomelli (; born 10 September 1952) is a retired racing driver from Italy.
Bruno Giacomelli : In 1990, Giacomelli returned to F1 with the Life outfit, taking over from Gary Brabham who left the team two races into the season.
Bruno Giacomelli : He won one of the two 1976 British Formula 3 Championships and the 1978 Formula Two championship.
Bruno Giacomelli : He participated in 82 Formula One grands prix, debuting on 11 September 1977.
Guus Hiddink : He turned professional after signing on for Dutch club De Graafschap in 1967.
Guus Hiddink : Guus Hiddink (; born 8 November 1946) is a Dutch football manager and former player who is currently the manager of China national under-23 football team.
Guus Hiddink : In February 2009, while still managing Russia, Hiddink was appointed interim manager of English club Chelsea.
Guus Hiddink : In February 2012, Hiddink made a return to club management, taking charge of Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala.
Guus Hiddink : On 10 September 2018, Hiddink took over the Chinese under-21 men's team.
Guus Hiddink : He enjoyed a long career playing as a midfielder in his native Netherlands, playing for sides such as PSV Eindhoven, De Graafschap and NEC Nijmegen, as well as some time spent playing in the United States.
Guus Hiddink : The World Cup stadium in Gwangju, where South Korea qualified for the semi-finals, was renamed Guus Hiddink Stadium in his honour shortly after the tournament.
Guus Hiddink : He resigned after Turkey failed to qualify for Euro 2012 when they lost to Croatia 3–0 aggregate in the playoffs.
Richard Eyre : Eyre has also directed operas.
Richard Eyre : This production was televised and has subsequently been released on video and DVD.
Richard Eyre : He won STV Awards for the Best Production in Scotland in 1969, 1970 and 1971.
Richard Eyre : His diaries from his time at the National have been published as "National Service", winning the 2003 Theatre Book Prize.
Richard Eyre : He repeated this production in 1996 with Imelda Staunton and Joanna Riding.
Richard Eyre : Eyre was Associate Director at the Royal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh from 1967 to 1972.
Richard Eyre : Sir Richard Charles Hastings Eyre (born 28 March 1943) is an English film, theatre, television and opera director.
Richard Eyre : He was educated at Sherborne School, an independent school for boys in the market town of Sherborne in northwest Dorset in southwest England, followed by Peterhouse at the University of Cambridge.
Richard Eyre : He was artistic director of Nottingham Playhouse from 1973–78 where he commissioned and directed many new plays, including Trevor Griffiths' "Comedians".
Richard Eyre : His debut was the 1994 production of "La traviata" at the Royal Opera House which starred Angela Gheorghiu and was conducted by Sir Georg Solti.
Libor Pešek : Pešek was born in Prague and studied conducting, piano, cello and trombone at the Academy of Musical Arts there, with Václav Smetáček and Karel Ančerl among his teachers.
Libor Pešek : He worked at the Pilsen and Prague Operas, and from 1958 to 1964 was the founder and director of Prague Chamber Harmony.
Libor Pešek : Libor Pešek, (born 22 June 1933) is a Czech conductor.
Libor Pešek : He has been a champion of lesser known Czech composers, particularly Josef Suk and Vítězslav Novák.
Libor Pešek : In the UK, Pešek was music director of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra (RLPO) from 1987 to 1998, and now holds the title of conductor laureate.
Libor Pešek : He was chief conductor of the Slovak Philharmonic from 1981 to 1982, and from 1982 to 1990 was conductor-in-residence of the Czech Philharmonic.
Jasper Cillessen : Jacobus Antonius Peter Johannes "Jasper" Cillessen (; born 22 April 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish club Valencia and the Netherlands national team.
Jasper Cillessen : On 27 August 2011, it was announced NEC and Ajax had reached an agreement for the transfer of Cillessen to the Amsterdam club for an estimated €3 million.
Jasper Cillessen : Following an injury to first-choice goalkeeper Gábor Babos, Cillessen made his senior debut on 28 August 2010 in a 2–2 home draw against SC Heerenveen and was voted the man of the match.
Fabio Fognini : It was the first time Italy had reached that stage since 1998.
Fabio Fognini : He lost in three sets.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini speaks Italian, English, Spanish, and French, and his nickname is "Fogna".
Fabio Fognini : He also utilises the backhand down the line frequently, often in key moments.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini was born to Silvana and Fulvio, a businessman, and has a younger sister.
Fabio Fognini : The Italian was quoted saying during an interview with Gazzetta dello Sport “I am not confident and I am sad about the lack of results”.
Fabio Fognini : His poor form led him to contemplate surgery for recurring ankle and elbow injuries.
Fabio Fognini : He achieved a combined ranking of No.
Fabio Fognini : He has also shown that he is capable of maintaining a strikingly balanced disposition when facing adversity.
Fabio Fognini : The fine will be halved and the ban of two majors will be lifted if good behavior is maintained through 2019.
Fabio Fognini : He then traveled to Mexico to compete in the Los Cabos Open.
Fabio Fognini : He was defeated in the first round by former World No.
Fabio Fognini : This took Fabio's record on clay to 19–1 since the French Open and resulted in yet another leap in the rankings, to a new career-high of World No.
Fabio Fognini : Fabio Fognini (; born 24 May 1987) is an Italian professional tennis player.
Fabio Fognini : Since 2014, Fognini has been in a relationship with Italian tennis compatriot Flavia Pennetta, from Brindisi, a retired player who won the 2015 US Open singles title.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini's serve is relatively underpowered and hardly a trademark weapon, but he places emphasis on precision and placement, whilst also having the ability to hit above 130 mph on occasion.
Fabio Fognini : He finished the year ranked in the top 100 for the first time at No.
Fabio Fognini : He holds the record for committing the most foot faults whilst still winning a match: a grand total of 12, including double-faulting due to consecutive foot faults.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini started his 2015 season at the Hopman Cup, partnering Flavia Pennetta.
Fabio Fognini : On 11 October, the Grand Slam board provisionally suspended Fognini for two majors and fined him $96,000 US dollars for a "Major Offence of Aggravated Behaviour."
Fabio Fognini : This was only the second time Murray had lost a singles rubber in the Davis Cup (after his first appearance ever in 2005).
Fabio Fognini : As a junior, Fognini posted a singles win/loss record of 72–36.
Fabio Fognini : His tactics usually consist of a serve out wide, drawing a weak return, setting Fognini up to hit a clean winner off the forehand side.
Fabio Fognini : 1 Carlos Moyá, the eventual champion.
Fabio Fognini : In that match, Nadal won the first two sets, and previously had been 151–0 in Grand Slam matches that he led two sets to none.
Fabio Fognini : This caused him to default his third round doubles match with partner Simone Bolelli.
Fabio Fognini : His grip is Babolat Vs Original.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini currently uses the Babolat Pure Drive Racquet strung with Babolat RPM Blast strings.
Fabio Fognini : 8 in the world in May 2004, reaching the quarterfinals of both the Australian Open and French Open.
Fabio Fognini : During 2006, Fognini had moderate success at Challengers and, after qualifying, made his debut on the ATP World Tour at Buenos Aires.
Fabio Fognini : Following his third-round defeat at Wimbledon, to Tennys Sandgren, Fognini was fined $3,000 (£2,396) after he said, during an on-court outburst, that Wimbledon should be bombed.
Fabio Fognini : In July, Fognini won the San Benedetto Challenger title defeating Cristian Villagran in the final.
Fabio Fognini : By defeating Nadal, Fognini become only the fourth player to defeat the Spaniard three times on a clay court, following his victories in Rio de Janeiro and Barcelona in 2015.
Fabio Fognini : The following week, he played at the Apia International Sydney as the top seed, but was unlucky to draw defending champion Juan Martín del Potro, who was returning from an eleven-month injury lay-off, in his first match.
Fabio Fognini : 3 and qualified for his first ATP Challenger tournament at Palermo.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini began his professional career by playing a variety of Futures and Challenger tournaments, winning his first Futures title in 2005 at Spain No.
Fabio Fognini : He subsequently lost to World No.
Fabio Fognini : Fognini guided Italy into the quarterfinals of the 2013 Davis Cup World Group, defeating Ivan Dodig in the fifth and decisive rubber against Croatia.
Fabio Fognini : In the semifinal against Switzerland he lost both his singles rubbers to Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka.
Fabio Fognini : He also guided Italy past Argentina to the quarterfinals the following year, winning both singles rubbers against Juan Mónaco and Carlos Berlocq, and the doubles rubber (partnering Simone Bolelli).
Fabio Fognini : He defeated Dušan Lajović in the final in straight sets, winning the biggest title of his career and becoming the first Italian to win a Masters 1000 title.
Fabio Fognini : In the quarterfinals in Naples against Great Britain, Fognini equalled the tie at 2–2 after defeating reigning Wimbledon champion Andy Murray in a straight sets win (after defeating James Ward two days previously), proving vital to Italy making the semifinals with an eventual 3–2 victory.
Fabio Fognini : In the first round, Fognini saved five break points down a set and one break against Andrey Rublev before recovering to win the match.
Doddie Weir : He won 61 Scottish caps scoring 19 points from four tries (his first was under the old four points).
Doddie Weir : An excellent lineout specialist he was selected as part of the British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa in 1997.
Doddie Weir : George Wilson "Doddie" Weir (born 4 July 1970) is a Scottish former rugby union player who played as a lock.
Jiří Menzel : His film "Larks on a String" was filmed in 1969, but was banned by the Czechoslovakian government.
Jiří Menzel : Jiří Menzel () (born 23 February 1938, Prague) is a Czech film director, theatre director, actor, and screenwriter.
Jiří Menzel : Menzel, a member of the Czech New Wave, became internationally famous in 1967, when his first feature film, "Closely Watched Trains", won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : The same year, he received the Belgian Golden Shoe.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : At the age of 16, Pfaff joined K.S.K.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : He is now a TV star in Belgium with the reality show "De Pfaffs" showing him and his family from 2002 to 2012.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : Beveren with whom he won a Belgian champions title (1979) and a Belgian Cup (1978).
Jean-Marie Pfaff : Pfaff first played with the Red Devils in 1976 against legendary rival the Netherlands.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : Jean-Marie Pfaff (born 4 December 1953 in Lebbeke) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper who spent most of his professional career with Beveren and Bayern Munich.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : Pfaff married Carmen Seth (born 24 March 1956) on 27 June 1974.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : Pfaff was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers in March 2004.
Jean-Marie Pfaff : They have three daughters: Debby Edilbert Gerdina (born 30 May 1975), Kelly Yvonne Danny (born 26 July 1977) and Lyndsey Linda Marc (born 4 October 1978).
Jan Terlouw : Terlouw is a father of four and grandfather of twelve.
Jan Terlouw : Terlouw is also a prolific author, having written more than thirty books since 1970 about Politics, Science, Children's literature, Young adult fiction and Poetry.
Jan Terlouw : Jan Cornelis Terlouw (born 15 November 1931) is a retired Dutch politician and diplomat of the Democrats 66 (D66) party and physicist and author.
Linus Gerdemann : He was also awarded the combativity award for this stage.
Linus Gerdemann : The stage win gave him the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification, as well as the white jersey as leader of the young rider classification.
Linus Gerdemann : Linus Gerdemann (born 16 September 1982) is a German former professional road bicycle racer, who won a stage in the 2007 Tour de France and lead the general classification for two days, wearing the yellow jersey.
Linus Gerdemann : This got Team CSC owner Bjarne Riis to release Gerdemann from his contract at the end of 2005.
Linus Gerdemann : In late 2005 he agreed to a contract with rival UCI ProTour , starting from 2006.
Linus Gerdemann : In March 2008 he sustained injuries from a crash in the Tirreno–Adriatico and was unable to race in the 2008 Tour de France or the Beijing summer Olympics.
Linus Gerdemann : In his first year as a pro, he won the 7th stage of the UCI ProTour race Tour de Suisse and had the leader's jersey in Four Days of Dunkirk.
Linus Gerdemann : On Saturday 14 July 2007 he secured his biggest victory in his career, the seventh stage of the Tour de France from Bourg-en-Bresse to Le Grand-Bornand.
Chris Hoy : Sir Christopher Andrew Hoy, MBE (born 23 March 1976) is a British racing driver and former track cyclist who represented Great Britain at the Olympics and World Championships and Scotland at the Commonwealth Games.
Charles Barkley : His physical size and skills ultimately earned him the nickname "The Round Mound of Rebound".
Charles Barkley : He was named Player of the Year by "The Sporting News" and "Basketball Weekly".
Charles Barkley : In recognition of his collegiate and NBA achievements, Barkley's number 34 jersey was officially retired by Auburn University on March 3, 2001.
Charles Barkley : He became a popular crowd-pleaser, exciting the fans with dunks and blocked shots that belied his lack of height and overweight frame.
Charles Barkley : For the first time since the 1974–75 season, however, the 76ers failed to make the playoffs.
Charles Barkley : An assistant to Auburn University's head coach, Sonny Smith, was at the game and reported seeing, "a fat guy... who can play like the wind".
Charles Barkley : He was selected with the fifth pick in the first round by the Philadelphia 76ers, two slots after the Chicago Bulls drafted Michael Jordan.
Charles Barkley : He continued to battle injuries throughout the season and played only 53 games, missing fourteen because of a laceration and bruise on his left pelvis, eleven because of a sprained right ankle, and four due to suspensions.
Charles Barkley : Although the 76ers initially retired the number 32 in honor of Billy Cunningham, it was unretired for Barkley to wear.
Charles Barkley : His outspoken and aggressive play, however, resulted in some on-court incidents, notoriously a fight with Detroit Pistons center Bill Laimbeer in 1990, which drew a record total $162,500 fine.
Charles Barkley : Rod Thorn, the NBA's president of operations at the time, suspended Barkley, without pay, for one game and fined him $10,000 for spitting and verbally abusing the fan.
Charles Barkley : Although he struggled to control his weight, he excelled as a player and led the SEC in rebounding each year.
Charles Barkley : His celebrity status as the Sixers' franchise player led to his first appearance on the cover of "Sports Illustrated".
Charles Barkley : Barkley competed in the 1992 and 1996 Olympic Games and won two gold medals as a member of the United States men's basketball team.
Charles Barkley : The trade to the Houston Rockets in the 1996–97 season was Barkley's last chance at capturing an NBA championship title.
Charles Barkley : At the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympic Games, Barkley led the team in scoring, rebounds, and field goal percentage.
Charles Barkley : During his college career, Barkley played the center position, despite being shorter than the average center.
Charles Barkley : He was selected to his eighth consecutive All-Star Game, but did not play because of a torn right quadriceps tendon, and was named to the All-NBA Second Team.
Charles Barkley : Under the tutelage of Malone, Barkley was able to manage his weight and learned to prepare and condition himself properly for a game.
Charles Barkley : The result was the "Dream Team", which went 6–0 in the Olympic qualifying tournament and 8–0 against Olympic opponents.
Charles Barkley : Despite his improvement, Barkley garnered no attention from college scouts until the state high school semifinals, where he scored 26 points against Alabama's most highly recruited player, Bobby Lee Hurt.
Charles Barkley : The 1995–96 season was Barkley's last with the Phoenix Suns.
Charles Barkley : Later, Barkley was named the SEC Player of the Decade for the 1980s by the "Birmingham Post-Herald".
Charles Barkley : Barkley's season and career seemingly ended prematurely at the age of 36 after rupturing his left quadriceps tendon on December 8, 1999 in Philadelphia, where his career began.
Charles Barkley : Charles Wade Barkley (born February 20, 1963) is an American retired professional basketball player who is currently an analyst on "Inside the NBA".
Charles Barkley : The 1997–98 season was another injury-plagued year for Barkley.
Charles Barkley : He joined a veteran team that included two of the NBA's 50 Greatest Players, Hakeem Olajuwon and Clyde Drexler.
Charles Barkley : He joined a veteran team that included Julius Erving, Moses Malone and Maurice Cheeks, players who took Philadelphia to the 1983 NBA championship.
Charles Barkley : Since 2000, Barkley has served as a studio analyst for Turner Network Television (TNT).
Charles Barkley : During Barkley's eight seasons in Philadelphia, he became a household name and was one of the few NBA players to have a figure published by Kenner's Starting Lineup toy line.
Charles Barkley : Refusing to allow his injury to be the last image of his career, Barkley returned after four months for one final game.
Charles Barkley : In the postseason, despite having a 3–1 lead in the series, the Suns once again lost to the defending and eventual two-time champion Rockets in seven games.
Charles Barkley : On April 19, 2000, in a home game against the Vancouver Grizzlies, Barkley scored a memorable basket on an offensive rebound and putback, a common trademark during his career.
Charles Barkley : He became the second player in NBA history, following Wilt Chamberlain, to accumulate 23,000 points, 12,000 rebounds and 4,000 assists in his career.
Charles Barkley : Despite holding a 2–0 lead in the series, the Suns lost in seven games to the eventual champions, the Houston Rockets, who were led by Hakeem Olajuwon.
Charles Barkley : He also set a U.S. Men's Olympic record for highest three-point field goal percentage with 87.5% and added 4.1 rebounds and 2.6 steals per game.
Charles Barkley : He led Philadelphia in rebounding and field-goal percentage for seven consecutive seasons and in scoring for six straight years.
Charles Barkley : He received numerous awards, including Southeastern Conference (SEC) Player of the Year (1984), three All-SEC selections and one Second Team All-American selection.
Charles Barkley : He earned his first and only rebounding title, averaging 14.6 rebounds per game and also led the league in offensive rebounds with 5.7 per game.
Charles Barkley : The team averaged an Olympic record 117.3 points a game and won games by an average of 43.8 points.
Charles Barkley : Despite his efforts, Philadelphia was defeated 4–3 by the Milwaukee Bucks in the Eastern Conference Semifinals.
Charles Barkley : Barkley left before his final year at Auburn and made himself eligible for the 1984 NBA draft.
Charles Barkley : On July 17, 1992, he was officially traded to the Phoenix Suns in exchange for Jeff Hornacek, Tim Perry and Andrew Lang.
Charles Barkley : After the Suns closed out the season with a 41–41 record and a first-round playoff loss, Barkley was traded to Houston in exchange for Sam Cassell, Robert Horry, Mark Bryant and Chucky Brown.
Charles Barkley : He earned his tenth appearance in an All-Star Game as the top vote-getter among Western Conference players and posted his 18th career triple-double on November 22.
Charles Barkley : After contemplating retirement in the offseason, Barkley returned for his eleventh season and continued to battle injuries.
Charles Barkley : The following season, Julius Erving announced his retirement and Barkley became the Sixers' franchise player.
Charles Barkley : After the basket, Barkley immediately retired and concluded his sixteen-year Hall of Fame career.
Charles Barkley : He was selected to the All-NBA First Team five times, the All-NBA Second Team five times, and once to the All-NBA Third Team.
Charles Barkley : In 1984, he led the Tigers to their first NCAA Tournament in school history and finished with 23 points on 80% field goal shooting, 17 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 steals, and 2 blocks.
Charles Barkley : With Barkley fighting injuries, the Suns still managed a 56–26 record and made it to the Western Conference Semifinals.
Charles Barkley : Before the 1986–87 season, Moses Malone was traded to the Washington Bullets and Barkley began to assume control as the team leader.
Charles Barkley : He became the third player ever to win league MVP honors in the season immediately after being traded, established multiple career highs and led Phoenix to their first NBA Finals appearance since 1976.
Charles Barkley : He became the team's second leading scorer, averaging 19.2 points on .484 shooting; the first time since his rookie year that he averaged below 20 points per game.
Charles Barkley : Barkley averaged 17.9 points and 12.0 rebounds per game in another postseason loss.
Charles Barkley : During his second year, Barkley improved his game under the leadership of Moses Malone during the offseason with his workouts, in the process he became the team's leading rebounder and number two scorer, averaging 20.0 points and 12.8 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : Barkley averaged 25.7 points on .500 shooting and 13.4 rebounds per game in the postseason, but was limited in Game 7 of the semifinals by a leg injury.
Charles Barkley : The Rockets ended the regular season with a 57–25 record and advanced to the Western Conference Finals, where they were defeated in six games by the Utah Jazz.
Charles Barkley : During the 1989–90 season, despite receiving more first-place votes, Barkley finished second in MVP voting behind the Los Angeles Lakers' Magic Johnson.
Charles Barkley : With Olajuwon taking most of the shots, Barkley focused primarily on rebounding, averaging 13.5 per game, the second best in his career.
Charles Barkley : In the postseason, the Sixers advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals but were defeated in five games by the Boston Celtics.
Charles Barkley : Despite his injuries, in Game 3 of a first-round playoff series against the Golden State Warriors, Barkley hit 23 of 31 field-goal attempts and finished with 56 points, the then-third-highest total ever in a playoff game.
Charles Barkley : He helped Philadelphia win 53 regular season games, only to lose to the Chicago Bulls in a five-game Eastern Conference Semifinals series.
Charles Barkley : He became the Sixers' starting power forward and helped lead his team into the playoffs, averaging 25.0 points on .578 shooting from the field and 15.8 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : Barkley led the team with 18.0 points on 71.1% field goal shooting and set a then-Olympic single game scoring record with 30 points in a 127–83 victory over Brazil.
Charles Barkley : Despite Barkley contributing 27.0 points on .644 shooting, 11.7 rebounds and 5.3 assists per game, the 76ers were swept in the first round of the playoffs by the New York Knicks.
Charles Barkley : He averaged 23 points on .486 shooting and 11.1 rebounds per game, while leading the Suns to a 59–23 record.
Charles Barkley : He averaged 25.6 points on .520 shooting, 12.2 rebounds and a career high 5.1 assists per game, leading the Suns to an NBA best 62–20 record.
Charles Barkley : He ended his 76ers career ranked fourth in team history in total points (14,184), third in scoring average (23.3 ppg), third in rebounds (7,079), eighth in assists (2,276) and second in field-goal percentage (.576).
Charles Barkley : In the postseason, Philadelphia lost again to Jordan's Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference Semifinals, with Barkley contributing 24.9 points and 10.5 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : As a rookie in the postseason, Barkley averaged 14.9 points and 11.1 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : During the league-lockout-shortened season, Barkley played 42 regular-season games and managed 16.1 points on .478 shooting and 12.3 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : Limited by injuries, Barkley played four games in the series and averaged career lows of 9.0 points and 5.3 rebounds in 21.8 minutes per game.
Charles Barkley : Initially, Barkley averaged 14.5 points on .477 shooting and 10.5 rebounds per game.
Charles Barkley : In Barkley's three-year college career, he averaged 14.8 points on 68.2% field goal shooting, 9.6 rebounds, 1.6 assists and 1.7 blocks per game.
Tim Curry : Scott had to shoot around the actor for a week as a result.
Tim Curry : Both were cancelled after one season.
Tim Curry : His final performance came on 6 January 2007.
Tim Curry : Since his stroke, Curry uses a wheelchair.
Tim Curry : It sold more than $1 million worth of tickets in its first 24 hours.
Tim Curry : "Travesties" was a Broadway hit.
Tim Curry : In July 2012, Curry suffered a major stroke.
Tim Curry : In later years, Curry has mostly performed voice-overs for animated films and TV series.
Tim Curry : Curry won a Daytime Emmy Award for his performance.
Tim Curry : Curry went to boarding school and attended Kingswood School in Bath, Somerset.
Tim Curry : Curry resides in Los Angeles, California.
Tim Curry : Curry originally thought the character was merely a laboratory doctor dressed in a white lab coat.
Tim Curry : The album featured an eclectic range of songs (mostly covers) performed in diverse genres.
Tim Curry : His performance brought him a third Tony nomination, again for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical.
Tim Curry : It took five and a half hours to apply the makeup needed for Darkness onto Curry and at the end of the day, he would spend an hour in a bath in order to liquefy the soluble spirit gum.
Tim Curry : The record included Curry's only US charting songs: "I Do the Rock" and "Paradise Garage".
Tim Curry : His older sister, Judith, was a concert pianist who died of a brain tumour in 2001.
Tim Curry : At one point, Curry got too impatient and claustrophobic and pulled the makeup off too quickly, tearing off his own skin in the process.
Tim Curry : In 1978, A&M Records released Curry's debut solo album "Read My Lips".
Tim Curry : Curry went on to play Thurman Rice, a supporting role in the biographical film "Kinsey".
Tim Curry : However, at the suggestion of director Sharman, the character evolved into the diabolical mad scientist and transvestite with an upper-class Belgravia accent that carried over to "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" and made Curry a household name and gave him a cult following.
Tim Curry : The same year, he appeared in the comedy mystery film "Clue" as Wadsworth the butler.
Tim Curry : Curry reprised this role at the Palace Theatre in London's West End, where "Spamalot" opened on 16 October 2006.
Tim Curry : Although Curry has appeared in numerous television series throughout his career he has only had main roles in two live-action series: "Over the Top", a sitcom that he also produced, and the revival series of "Family Affair".
Tim Curry : He was nominated for his first Tony Award (Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play) for this role but lost out to his co-star Ian McKellen, who played Antonio Salieri.
Tim Curry : Aside from his performances on various soundtrack records, Curry has had some success as a solo musical artist.
Tim Curry : He is best known for working in a diverse range of theatre, film, and television, most often portraying villainous characters.
Tim Curry : He also had recurring roles on the short-lived science fiction television series "Earth 2" and the sitcom "Rude Awakening".
Tim Curry : Another animated television role was in "The Wild Thornberrys", where he played Nigel Thornberry.
Tim Curry : The following year, Curry released his second and most successful album "Fearless".
Tim Curry : In 1981, Curry formed part of the original cast in the Broadway show "Amadeus", playing the title character, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Tim Curry : Bill Skarsgård replaced him and while being interviewed at Fan Expo Canada Curry gave his approval, saying that "I like [Bill] Skarsgård.
Tim Curry : One of Curry's best-known television roles (and best-known roles overall) is as Pennywise the Clown in the 1990 horror miniseries "Stephen King's It".
Tim Curry : He continued to play the character in London, Los Angeles, and New York City until 1975.
Tim Curry : Curry's career in theatre was honoured on 7 June 2015 at the Actors Fund's 19th annual Tony Awards Viewing Party, where he was awarded an Artistic Achievement Award.
Tim Curry : Curry also portrayed Captain Hook in the Fox animated series "Peter Pan and the Pirates".
Tim Curry : In 1989, A&M released "The Best of Tim Curry" on CD and cassette, featuring songs from his albums (including a live version of "Alan") and a previously unreleased song, a live cover version of Bob Dylan's "Simple Twist of Fate".
Tim Curry : Originally, Curry rehearsed the character with a German accent and peroxide blond hair, and later, with an American accent.
Tim Curry : In 2001, Curry appeared as Scrooge in the musical version of "A Christmas Carol" that played at Madison Square Garden.
Tim Curry : His father, James Curry, a chaplain in the Royal Navy, died when Curry was 12 years old.
Tim Curry : Aside from one "Fangoria" interview in 1990, Curry never publicly acknowledged his involvement in "It" until an interview with Moviefone in 2015, where he called the role of Pennywise "a wonderful part", giving his blessing to successor Will Poulter; Poulter was set to play the character in the reboot, although ultimately dropped out.
Tim Curry : In 1993, Curry played Alan Swann in the Broadway musical version of "My Favourite Year", earning him his second Tony Award nomination, this time for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical.
Tim Curry : Curry started off his career with small roles in television series, such as Eugene in "Napoleon and Love", and guest roles in "Armchair Theatre" and "Play for Today" including as 'Glen' in Dennis Potter's "Schmoedipus".
Tim Curry : Director Ridley Scott cast Curry in the film after watching him in "Rocky Horror", thinking he was ideal to play the role of Darkness.
Tim Curry : He was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award as the Best Actor in a Musical for the role, and also won the Theatregoers' Choice Award (getting 39% of the votes cast by over 12,000 theatregoers) as Best Actor in a Musical.
Tim Curry : In 2004, Curry began his role of King Arthur in "Spamalot" in Chicago.
Tim Curry : It won two Tony Awards (Best Performance by an Actor for John Wood and Best Comedy), as well as the New York Drama Critics Circle Award (Best Play), and Curry's performance as the famous dadaist Tristan Tzara received good reviews.
Tim Curry : In 1985, Curry starred in the fantasy film "Legend" as The Lord of Darkness.
Tim Curry : In 1982, Curry took the part of the Pirate King in the Drury Lane production of Joe Papp's version of "The Pirates of Penzance" opposite George Cole, earning enthusiastic reviews.
Tim Curry : He has also guest starred on other series such as "Roseanne", "Tales from the Crypt" (which earned him an Emmy award nomination), "The Tracey Ullman Show", "Lexx", "The Naked Truth", "Monk", "Will & Grace", "Psych", "Agatha Christie's Poirot" and "Criminal Minds".
Tim Curry : Curry has also lent his voice to numerous video games, such as "" and "", where he voiced the title character, Gabriel Knight, "Toonstruck", "Sacrifice", "Brütal Legend" and "".
Tim Curry : In the early 2000s, Curry was cast in the film adaptation of "Charlie's Angels" in the role of Roger Corwin, and in the parody film "Scary Movie 2" playing Professor Oldman.
Tim Curry : Shortly after the end of "Rocky Horror"s run on Broadway, Curry returned to the stage with Tom Stoppard's "Travesties", which ran in London and New York from 1975 to 1976.
Tim Curry : Curry rose to prominence with his portrayal of Dr. Frank-N-Furter in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1975), reprising the role he had originated in the 1973 London and the 1974 Los Angeles stage productions of "The Rocky Horror Show".
Tim Curry : Curry's first full-time role was as part of the original London cast of the musical "Hair" in 1968, where he met Richard O'Brien who went on to write Curry's next full-time role, that of Dr. Frank-N-Furter in "The Rocky Horror Show" (1973).
Tim Curry : Although he featured in mostly comedies throughout the '90s, he did appear in some action films, such as the thriller "The Hunt for Red October" as Dr. Yevgeniy Petrov, the 1993 adaptation of "The Three Musketeers" as Cardinal Richelieu, in the superhero film "The Shadow" as Farley Claymore and as Herkermer Homolka in the 1995 action adventure "Congo".
Tim Curry : After "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", Curry began to appear in many films, acting in supporting roles, such as Robert Graves in the British horror film "The Shout", as Johnny LaGuardia in "Times Square", as Daniel Francis "Rooster" Hannigan in "Annie", a film based on the broadway musical of the same name and as Jeremy Hancock in the political film "The Ploughman's Lunch".
Tim Curry : His roles in animation include Captain Hook on the Fox series "Peter Pan & the Pirates" (1990–1991), Hexxus in the fantasy film "" (1992), Sir Nigel Thornberry on the Nickelodeon series "The Wild Thornberrys" (1998–2004) and Palpatine on "" (2012–2014).
Tim Curry : Curry received further acclaim for his film and television roles, including as Rooster Hannigan in the film adaptation of "Annie" (1982), as Darkness in the fantasy film "Legend" (1985), as Wadsworth in the mystery comedy film "Clue" (1985), as Pennywise the Dancing Clown in the horror miniseries "It" (1990), as the concierge Mr. Hector in "" (1992), and Long John Silver in "Muppet Treasure Island" (1996).
Álvaro Cejudo : Cejudo moved to La Liga with CA Osasuna in the 2011 January transfer window, agreeing to a €320,000 deal in order to replace Atlético Madrid-bound Juanfran.
Álvaro Cejudo : On 28 July 2018, Cejudo returned to Spain and joined Racing de Santander on a two-year contract.
Álvaro Cejudo : On 24 July 2017, after failing to renew his contract, the 33-year-old Cejudo joined A-League team Western Sydney Wanderers FC as a marquee player.
Álvaro Cejudo : Álvaro Cejudo Carmona (; born 29 January 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Racing de Santander mainly as a right-winger.
Álvaro Cejudo : In July 2009, Cejudo signed with UD Las Palmas from Segunda División.
Álvaro Cejudo : He played his first game as a professional on 29 August and scored in a 1–1 home draw with Real Sociedad, finishing his first year with 34 matches and six goals to help the Canary Islands team narrowly avoid relegation.
Yves Leterme : .
Yves Leterme : degree (1984), and a MPA degree in 1985.
Yves Leterme : He was the 48th Prime Minister of Belgium, from November 2009 to December 2011.
Yves Leterme : He is fluent in Dutch, French and English.
Yves Leterme : He remained Prime Minister until 30 December, when Herman Van Rompuy was appointed as his successor.
Yves Leterme : In the elections held on 10 June 2007, Leterme received 796,521 personal votes, leading his party to a landslide victory.
Yves Leterme : Leterme tendered his resignation and that of his government on 19 December 2008, which was accepted by King Albert II on 22 December.
Yves Leterme : degree in 1981 and then studied at Ghent University where he obtained a BSc degree in Political Science (1983), a LL.M.
Yves Leterme : He is a former Minister-President of Flanders and Flemish Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.
Yves Leterme : He has been Minister of Foreign Affairs, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Budget, Institutional Reforms, Transport and the North Sea in the Belgian federal government.
Yves Leterme : Yves Leterme was born on 6 October 1960 in the city of Wervik in the province of West Flanders.
Yves Leterme : He studied law at the Catholic University of Leuven where he received a LL.B.
Yves Leterme : Following Van Rompuy's assignation as president of the European Council, Leterme once again became Prime Minister of Belgium.
Yves Leterme : From 16 July to 23 August 2007, Leterme led the formal coalition talks into forming a new government.
Yves Leterme : Yves Camille Désiré Leterme (; born 6 October 1960 in Wervik) is a Belgian politician, a leader of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party (CD&V).
Yves Leterme : Yves Leterme was the favourite to become the next Prime Minister of Belgium following the 2007 General Election.
Sanpei Shirato : He is considered a pioneer of gekiga.
Sanpei Shirato : Shirato's works are primarily historical dramas that focus on ninja, present a historical record of Japan, and criticize oppression, discrimination, and exploitation.
Sanpei Shirato : "The Legend of Kamui", the first series published in "Garo", can be considered his most important manga work.
Sanpei Shirato : It is the story of Kamui, a ninja who leaves an organization that pursues him and clearly sees the true nature of the Edo period and the discrimination that existed in the feudal system.
Sanpei Shirato : The son of the Japanese proletarian painter Toki Okamoto, his dream to become an artist equal with his father started when he became a Kamishibai artist.
Sanpei Shirato : , known by the pen name , is a Japanese manga artist and essayist known for his social criticism as well as his realistic drawing style and the characters in his scenarios.
Sanpei Shirato : Some works have received attention in the United States, such as "The Legend of Kamui", which was released in 1987 by Viz Media, but others remain relatively unknown.
Sanpei Shirato : He is also known for his work published in the early issues of the manga anthology magazine "Garo" in 1964, which he began publishing so as to serialize his comic "Kamui".
Sanpei Shirato : Many of Shirato's works have been adapted as anime series and films, including "Ninja bugeichō", adapted by Nagisa Oshima as "Band of Ninja" in 1967, an unusual film consisting only of images from the manga and voiceovers with no animation.
Sergei Shipov : Sergei Shipov (born 17 April 1966) is a Russian chess player, trainer, journalist and writer.
Felipe Anderson : The fee surpassed the previous record paid by the club, set with the £22 million signing of Issa Diop earlier in the same transfer window.
Felipe Anderson : On 15 July 2018, Felipe Anderson signed for West Ham United for a reported transfer fee of £36 million.
Felipe Anderson : Felipe Anderson Pereira Gomes (born 15 April 1993), known as Felipe Anderson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club West Ham United and the Brazil national team.
Felipe Anderson : He made his full debut on 12 August 2018 in a 4–0 defeat against Liverpool.
Felipe Anderson : Felipe Anderson made his first appearance for West Ham in a 3–1 pre-season friendly victory against Aston Villa on 25 July 2018, in which he combined with Arthur Masuaku to set up West Ham's second goal of the match, scored by Marko Arnautović.
Michaël D'Almeida : Michaël D'Almeida (born 3 September 1987) is a French track racing cyclist.
Michaël D'Almeida : He has ridden for the Union sportive de Créteil cycling club since 2006.
Marcel Sieberg : Marcel Sieberg (born 30 April 1982 in Castrop-Rauxel, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Marcel Sieberg : For the majority of his career, he was one of André Greipel's lead-out men, having been teammates at both (2008–2010) and then later (2011–2018).
Alioune Badara Bèye : Alioune Badara Bèye (born 28 September 1945 in Saint-Louis, Senegal) is a Senegalese civil servant, novelist, playwright, poet, and publisher.
Joan Manuel Serrat : Serrat was one of the pioneers of what is known in Catalan as "Nova Cançó" (Nueva Canción).
Joan Manuel Serrat : The album title refers to the city of Mahón, capital of the Spanish island of Menorca, where he likes to get away from it all during long touring seasons.
Joan Manuel Serrat : Also noteworthy is the humorous version of the song "Ara que tinc vint anys", which La Trinca recorded with a change in title: "Ara que tinc 80 anys".
Joan Manuel Serrat : In 2006, Serrat also released Mô, his first album completely in Catalan in 17 years.
Joan Manuel Serrat : His father, Josep Serrat, was a Catalan anarchist affiliated with the CNT and his mother, Ángeles Teresa, the woman of the home was from Belchite, from the Zaragoza in the region of Aragon.
Joan Manuel Serrat : Joan Manuel Serrat i Teresa was born 27 December 1943 in the Poble-sec neighbourhood of Barcelona, to members of a working family.
Joan Manuel Serrat : There are many artists and authors of songs that have paid homage to the figure and work of Joan Manuel Serrat.
Joan Manuel Serrat : In 2017 and 2018, he carried a tour named "Mediterraneo da Capo" to commemorate the 47th anniversary of his mythical record "Mediterraneo".
Joan Manuel Serrat : Joan Manuel Serrat is also known by the names "El noi del Poble-sec" and "El Nano".
Joan Manuel Serrat : In that same year, he recorded his first EP "Una guitarra" with the songs "Una guitarra", "Ella em deixa", "La mort de l'avi" and "El mocador".
Joan Manuel Serrat : His childhood and environment in his neighbourhood greatly impacted him, as a great number of his songs described Catalonia after the Spanish Civil War (examples are "La Carmeta", "La tieta" y "El drapaire" as stereotypical characters from his neighbourhood).
Joan Manuel Serrat : You can also quote in this section the lyrics of "Sóc el millor", which Francesc Pi de la Serra composed, although more than in homage was a harsh criticism towards Serrat for his decision of Joan Manuel to sing also in Spanish.
Joan Manuel Serrat : In 1966 appeared his second EP "Ara que tinc vint anys" with the songs "Ara que tinc vint anys", "Quan arriba el fred", "El drapaire" and "Sota un cirerer florit".
Joan Manuel Serrat : Apart from these songs that deal exclusively with the figure of Joan Manuel Serrat, there are others that mention the name of Joan Manuel Serrat or some of his songs.
Joan Manuel Serrat : Joan Manuel Serrat i Teresa (; born 27 December 1943) is a Spanish musician, singer-songwriter, recording artist, and performer.
Joan Manuel Serrat : He participated and won the song festival of Rio de Janeiro in 1970 with his single "Penélope".
Joan Manuel Serrat : Among the most noteworthy are "Ahí te mando mi guitarra, Juan Manuel", composed by Manuel Alejandro and played by Blanca Villa while Serrat was in exile for his statements against the death penalty; the recent "Maldito Serrat" by the Argentine singer-songwriter Ignacio Copani; "Mi primo el Nano", composed by his friend Joaquín Sabina, and the "Canción para un maño", a song by Georges Brassens adapted by Paco Ibáñez.
Joan Manuel Serrat : - "como decía un catalán, voy tratando de crecer y no de sentar cabeza"->, Javier Ruibal, Víctor Heredia, Fernando Delgadillo, Ricardo Arjona, Amaury Pérez, Vicente Feliú, Alejandro Filio, Kiko Tovar, Cacho Duvanced, Ramiro Segrelles, Joan Isaac, Guillermina Motta, Gerardo Peña, Hernaldo Zúñiga, Liuba María Hevia, Alejandro Nardecchia, Miquel Pujadó, Joan Baptista Humet, among others.
David Campese : In a Test match!
David Campese : He was also inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame in 2013.
David Campese : He is famous for his "goose-step" — a hitch-kick motion which left opponents stumbling to try to tackle him.
David Campese : At age 16 he gave up all forms of rugby to play golf.
David Campese : In 1966 his family moved back to Montecchio Precalcino in northern Italy for eighteen months before moving back to Australia and settling in Queanbeyan, New South Wales.
David Campese : David Ian Campese, AM (born 21 October 1962), also known as Campo, is a former Australian rugby union player.
Anthony Soter Fernandez : Fernandez was ordained as a priest on 10 December 1966, and served as president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei from 1987–1990 and 2000–2003.
Anthony Soter Fernandez : Anthony Soter Fernandez (born 22 April 1930) is the first Malaysian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Anthony Soter Fernandez : He was appointed on 30 July 1983 by Pope John Paul II, and became the Archdiocese's second Archbishop upon his installation on 10 November 1983.
Todd Haynes : As of 2015 he lives in Portland, Oregon.
Todd Haynes : Todd Haynes (; born January 2, 1961) is an American independent film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Todd Haynes : "Poison" won the Sundance Film Festival's Grand Jury Prize and is regarded as a seminal work of New Queer Cinema.
Isidre Molas : From 1985 to 2008, he was the President of the Federation of the PSC in the Province of Barcelona.
Isidre Molas : In 1963, he graduated in law in the Autonomous University of Barcelona.
Isidre Molas : His father was a musician, Isidre Molas i Font, and he is the brother of the historian and writer, Joaquim Molas i Batllori.
Isidre Molas : In 2000, he was elected Senator from Barcelona by the Catalan Agreement of Progress (a union of a left-wing catalanist parties).
Isidre Molas : In the first democratic elections in Catalonia after Franco he was elected deputy in the Parliament of Catalonia serving until 1988.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío also picked up his first yellow card in English football as the match ended in a 1–1 draw.
Álvaro Saborío : On 18 November 2013 Saborío was named FutbolMLS.com's Latino del Año.
Álvaro Saborío : For his efforts, he earned the MLS Newcomer of the Year award.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborio began his professional career with Saprissa in his native Costa Rica.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborio scored his first goal for Bristol City in their 1–1 draw with Scunthorpe United.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío is a product of C.F.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío, better known as "Pipe", has been notably recognized for his accomplishments with Deportivo Saprissa, and the high number of goals he has scored in a short period.
Álvaro Saborío : He made a huge impact in his first season in Salt Lake: RSL boasted the highest-scoring offense in MLS in 2010 (45 goals); Saborío led the way with a team-high 12 tallies.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío was at the centre of much controversy in the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup, criticized heavily for his misses, including two penalty kicks in the quarter final against Honduras, and for a training pitch incident where he allegedly kicked a ball at a child who was in the stands.
Álvaro Saborío : He is also an important player for the Costa Rica national football team at numerous levels.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío became the club's all-time leading scorer, and their key target man.
Álvaro Saborío : He played with the club's reserve team in the Segunda División de México and with affiliate Coyotes de Saltillo in the Primera A.
Álvaro Saborío : After a successful first season at the club, Saborío was made Salt Lake's first ever Designated Player, signing a four-year contract with the club on 1 December 2010.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío was the leading goal-scorer of the 2003–2004 Costa Rican season, finishing the year with 25 goals, five above Whayne Wilson.
Álvaro Saborío : He represented the U-23 team at the 2004 Olympics, scoring the qualifying goal that took them there, and subsequently starting three of four games for the team, scoring a goal against Portugal.
Álvaro Saborío : On July 16, 2015, Saborío was traded to D.C. United for Luis Silva.
Álvaro Saborío : He made his Costa Rican Primera División debut against Limonense on 8 August 2001.
Álvaro Saborío : Álvaro Alberto Saborío Chacón (; born 25 March 1982) is a Costa Rican footballer, who plays for San Carlos in the Primera División de Costa Rica.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío scored eight times in Costa Rica's 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign, including a hat-trick in a 4–0 away win over Guyana on 12 June 2012, and a further two goals on 16 October in a 7–0 win over the same opponents.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío played his first game for Bristol City in a Championship match on 13 September against Coventry City making an impact by setting up fellow striker Nicky Maynard.
Álvaro Saborío : His performances in Switzerland reportedly caught the eye of Stoke City's manager Tony Pulis who aimed to sign him in the summer of 2009, however he instead joined Bristol City on loan.
Álvaro Saborío : He formed a good partnership at FC Sion with Poland's Zbigniew Zakrzewski.
Álvaro Saborío : Saborío was in Costa Rica's squad for the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup, and earned his 100th cap on 11 July at the BBVA Compass Stadium in Houston, assisting Bryan Ruiz's goal in a 1–1 Group B draw with El Salvador; he was the fifth Costa Rican to make one hundred appearances.
Álvaro Saborío : He was mostly a substitute for Costa Rica national football team, behind Rónald Gómez and former Man City forward Paulo César Wanchope.
Pedro Horrillo : Horrillo is a self-confessed fan of Paris–Roubaix, describing it as: "If I could only have ridden one race as a pro, that would have been it - and if possible, in the rain because that's the real Roubaix when it rains" ("Cycle Sport" magazine interview, November 2006 issue).
Pedro Horrillo : A philosophy graduate, Horrillo is known as a good writer and has written columns for Dutch paper de Volkskrant during the Tour de France and has been a regular contributor to the Spanish newspaper "El País".
Pedro Horrillo : Pedro Horrillo Muñoz (27 September 1974 in Eibar, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired racing cyclist who rode as a professional for Mapei, Quick-Step and .
Timo Glock : Timo Glock (born 18 March 1982) is a German professional racing driver, and BMW Motorsport works driver.
Timo Glock : On 24 July 2011, it was announced that Glock had signed a 3-year extension to his current contract, committing him to Virgin until 2014.
Timo Glock : Glock was signed as Jordan Grand Prix's test driver for the 2004 Formula One season and made his Formula One debut at the Canadian Grand Prix replacing Giorgio Pantano, who had a contract dispute with Jordan.
Timo Glock : He previously raced in Formula One for the Jordan, Toyota, Virgin Racing and Marussia F1 teams.
Timo Glock : He won several karting championships as well as the BMW ADAC Formula Junior Cup in 2000 and the Formula BMW ADAC Championship in 2001.
Timo Glock : Glock switched to the DTM in 2013, signing for BMW.
Michael Paré : He has six sisters and three brothers.
Michael Paré : Paré's father was of French-Canadian ancestry and his mother of Irish descent.
Michael Paré : His father died from leukemia when Paré was five, leaving his mother to raise the large family of children.
Michael Paré : Other films included "Moon 44" (1990), "Village of the Damned" (1995), "Bad Moon" (1996), "Hope Floats" (1998), and "The Virgin Suicides" (1999).
Michael Paré : Michael Kevin Paré (born October 9, 1958) is an American actor.
Jefferson Farfán : He started in their first group game against Denmark, which resulted in a 0–1 loss.
Jefferson Farfán : The Russian team announced his signing after an irregular 2016, where he even was inactive for a hundred days after finishing in October 2016 a millionaire contract with Al Jazira.
Jefferson Farfán : Farfán is an important player for the Peru national football team.
Jefferson Farfán : On 10 June 2008, the club officially confirmed the transfer of Farfán on a four-year contract.
Jefferson Farfán : With PSV, Farfán won both the league and the cup tournament in his first season in the Netherlands.
Jefferson Farfán : Jefferson Agustín Farfán Guadalupe (; born 26 October 1984) is a Peruvian professional footballer who mainly plays as a forward or winger for Lokomotiv Moscow and the Peru national football team.
Jefferson Farfán : On 5 June 2008, it was reported that PSV had reached an agreement with German side Schalke 04 over the transfer of Farfán for around €10 million.
Edgar Davids : He resigned by mutual agreement as manager in January 2014.
Edgar Davids : In 1999, Davids began wearing protective glasses following surgery in his right eye caused by glaucoma, which developed in 1995 following eye injuries.
Edgar Davids : Edgar Steven Davids (; born 13 March 1973) is a Dutch-Surinamese former professional footballer.
Edgar Davids : On 20 August 2010, Davids agreed a pay-as-you-play deal with English Championship club Crystal Palace.
Tomáš Berdych : 6.
Tomáš Berdych : The pair married in July 2015.
Tomáš Berdych : His results continue to improve after US Open.
Tomáš Berdych : His favourite TV show is "Suits".
Tomáš Berdych : It was the second longest ATP match ever (singles and doubles combined).
Tomáš Berdych : He acted as a spokesperson and co-designer for tennis wear for the brand.
Tomáš Berdych : In winning, Berdych won $250,000 (Australian).
Tomáš Berdych : 3 Nikolay Davydenko.
Tomáš Berdych : With this victory, he returns to his highest career ranking, #5.
Tomáš Berdych : Due to the harsh winters in the Czech Republic winter preparation took place inside a sports hall.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych travelled back home often to keep his ties to his old school.
Tomáš Berdych : He then moved to the city of Prostějov where there were more practice partners and better coaches.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych cites this as the reason he prefers Hardcourt surfaces, and especially indoor conditions.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych describes his childhood as full of joy and happiness.
Tomáš Berdych : 6 in the world in 2003 (and No.
Tomáš Berdych : Daniel Vallverdu was appointed as Berdych's coach for the 2015 season.
Tomáš Berdych : His favourite surface is the hard court, and he considers his strengths to be his forehand and serve.
Tomáš Berdych : His father, Martin, was a train engineer and a very good tennis player while his mother, Hana, is a doctor.
Tomáš Berdych : His fitness trainer is José Félix González Castilla.
Tomáš Berdych : 2 in doubles).
Tomáš Berdych : He became engaged to model Ester Sátorová in late 2014.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych debuted his new clothing on 2013 Miami Masters.
Tomáš Berdych : At age 8 he reached the final of the top young boys of Czech Republic in Pardubice and won.
Tomáš Berdych : All of them are big tennis fans and have on several occasions come to Prostějov to play alongside Berdych.
Tomáš Berdych : As a result of not defending his Australian Open semi-final, Berdych's ranking went down from No.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych soon became a top junior, winning the Czech Republic U-12 Junior Title.
Tomáš Berdych : He won the 2001 US Open Boys' Doubles Title alongside Stephane Bohli
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych has mentioned he is a fan of the Irish rock band U2, and would like to meet frontman Bono someday.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych is a fan of ice hockey, and his favourite team is the Detroit Red Wings.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych has reached the semifinals of all four Grand Slams.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych next competed at the French Open where he started his campaign with a straight-sets victory over young Japanese star Yoshihito Nishioka.
Tomáš Berdych : They were seeded first and won all their ties.
Tomáš Berdych : However, he could not carry his good form to the China Open as he lost in the first round to Pablo Cuevas.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych started playing tennis when he was five at the tennis centre in his hometown and birthplace of Valašské Meziříčí.
Tomáš Berdych : In January 2013, it was announced Berdych had signed a partnership with Swedish fashion house H&M, after his contract with Nike ended earlier in the month.
Tomáš Berdych : In December, Berdych announced that he had parted ways with his coach of six years Tomáš Krupa and fitness trainer David Vydra.
Tomáš Berdych : Before the 2010 season, he was sponsored by Dunlop Sport and used the Dunlop Aerogel 4D 200.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych was born in Valašské Meziříčí, Moravia, Czechoslovakia (the Czech Republic since 1993) to Hana Berdychová and Martin Berdych.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych next competed at the Gerry Weber Open where he reached the quarterfinals before losing to Ivo Karlovic in three sets.
Tomáš Berdych : At the French Open, he lost in the first round to Jérémy Chardy in five sets.
Tomáš Berdych : He has met many Czech players from the National Hockey League and the 1998 Olympic gold medal team, including Martin Straka, Jaromír Jágr and Dominik Hašek.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych ended the season ranked 7th.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych was in a long-term relationship with tennis pro Lucie Šafářová until they broke up in 2011.
Tomáš Berdych : From the start of 2010 through the end of the 2011 season, he used the Pro Stock Head YouTek Radical MP with a 16/19 string pattern.
Tomáš Berdych : Berdych followed this by defeating Radek Stepanek and Benoit Paire in the second and third rounds respectively to reach the fourth round.
Tomáš Berdych : For the 2012 season, Berdych used the Head YouTek IG Instinct MP paintjob.
Tomáš Berdych : He then reached the second round in Paris, losing to Tommy Robredo.
Josep Piqué : He served as Spain's foreign minister from 2000 to 2002.
Josep Piqué : In 2009 he launched PANGEA21 Consultora Internacional, a small firm in Barcelona to provide consulting services and management advice in all kinds of international business.
Josep Piqué : He was appointed member of the Board of Directors of Amadeus IT Group in June 2019.
Josep Piqué : Piqué was the president of the "Partit Popular de Catalunya" from October 2002.
Josep Piqué : Between November 2007 and 2013, Piqué served as chairman of low-cost carrier Vueling Airlines.
Josep Piqué : After the People's Party election in 1996, Piqué was appointed Spanish Minister for Industry as an independent member.
Josep Piqué : Josep Piqué i Camps (born 21 February 1955 in Vilanova i la Geltrú) is a Spanish politician of the right-wing Spanish People's Party (PP) who represented Barcelona.
Santiago Salcedo : He scored nine goals in the competition.
Santiago Salcedo : Santiago Gabriel Salcedo González (born 6 September 1981), nicknamed "Sa-Sa", is a Paraguayan association football player currently playing for Deportivo Capiatá in Primera División Paraguaya.
Hugh Bonneville : Shortly thereafter he became Giant Olive's first patron.
Hugh Bonneville : In "Love Again", he played the poet Philip Larkin.
Hugh Bonneville : In 1991, Bonneville made his television debut, billed as Richard Bonneville.
Hugh Bonneville : In early 2010, he appeared in the comedy film "Burke and Hare".
Hugh Bonneville : He also appeared in the much-delayed film "Hippie Hippie Shake" with Cillian Murphy and Sienna Miller.
Hugh Bonneville : Bonneville is also an alumnus of the National Youth Theatre.
Hugh Bonneville : In 2004, Bonneville played Sir Christopher Wren in the docudrama "Wren – The Man Who Built Britain".
Hugh Bonneville : Bonneville is also a patron of the London children's charity Scene & Heard and an ambassador for WaterAid.
Hugh Bonneville : Hugh Richard Bonneville Williams, DL (born 10 November 1963) is an English film and television actor.
Hugh Bonneville : Bonneville's first professional stage appearance was at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park.
Hugh Bonneville : He played Valentine in "The Two Gentlemen of Verona", Bergetto in "'Tis Pity She's a Whore", Kastril and later Surly in "The Alchemist".
Hugh Bonneville : He was educated at Dulwich College Preparatory School and at Sherborne School, an independent school in Dorset.
Hugh Bonneville : His early roles were usually good-natured bumbling characters like Bernie in "Notting Hill" (1999) and Mr Rushworth in "Mansfield Park" (1999).
Hugh Bonneville : Following secondary education, Bonneville read theology at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and studied acting at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
Hugh Bonneville : In "Iris" (2001), he played the young John Bayley opposite Kate Winslet, with his performance lauded by critics and receiving a BAFTA nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
Hugh Bonneville : In 2009, Bonneville was the voice of Justice Fosse in Joseph Crilly's British premiere of "Kitty and Damnation" for the Giant Olive Theatre Company at the Lion & Unicorn Theatre in Kentish Town.
Hugh Bonneville : In 1987, he joined the National Theatre where he appeared in several plays, then the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1991, where he played Laertes to Kenneth Branagh's "Hamlet" (1992–1993).
David Blanco : David Blanco Rodríguez (born 3 March 1975 in Bern, Switzerland) is a former Spanish cyclist from Santiago de Compostela, who last rode with .
David Blanco : He began his professional career in 2000 with the Portuguese team Paredes Rota dos Moveis.
David Blanco : His first success was in 2003, when he won a stage of the GP CTT Correios de Portugal, racing with .
David Blanco : In 2008 he would grab a second win in the Volta a Portugal, the main cycling competition in Portugal, and in 2009 after he placed second, first place Nuno Ribeiro was disqualified after he tested positive for CERA, therefore making Blanco the winner of the 2009 Volta a Portugal as well.
Pedro Troglio : Pedro Antonio Troglio (born 28 July 1965 in Luján, Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine football player and currently the manager of Honduran club CD Olimpia.
Pedro Troglio : In June 2006 his #21 jersey was retired in Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata, being this the first number ever retired in an Argentine football club.
Pedro Troglio : Troglio then went on to coach Godoy Cruz de Mendoza in Primera B Nacional but he left in the middle of the tournament to take on in March 2005 a demoralized Gimnasia and helped keep the team in the Primera.
Antonio Carlos Ortega : Antonio Carlos Ortega Pérez (born 14 July 1971) is a former Spanish handball player who is the current head coach of TSV Hannover-Burgdorf.
Antonio Carlos Ortega : Four years later he finished seventh with the Spanish handball team in the 2004 Olympic tournament.
Federico Vilar : Vilar was known for his great reflexes and established himself as one of Mexico’s best goalkeepers, his charisma and leadership ability has also earned him the title of team captain throughout his career.
Federico Vilar : Federico Vilar Baudena (born May 30, 1977) is a former Argentine football goalkeeper.
Federico Vilar : He then migrated to Mexico and played for second division team Acapulco until making his debut in Mexico's First Division on December 1, 2003 against Monterrey.
Federico Vilar : Vilar played for Atlante for seven years where he won the Apertura 2007 league title, the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League, and played in the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup.
Federico Vilar : Vilar began his career playing for Boca Juniors in Argentina from 1993 to 2000 and Almirante Brown from 2000 to 2001.
James Hetfield : Mustaine was sent home on a 4-day bus journey, and went on to form the heavy metal band Megadeth.
James Hetfield : He is of English, German, Irish, and Scottish descent.
James Hetfield : Hetfield has been involved in a number of onstage accidents, most notable for being an incident with pyrotechnics at Olympic Stadium in Montreal during the Guns N' Roses/Metallica Stadium Tour on August 8, 1992.
James Hetfield : During the recording of the band's eighth studio album "St. Anger" in 2001, Hetfield went into rehab to address his alcohol usage.
James Hetfield : James Alan Hetfield (born August 3, 1963) is an American musician and songwriter best known for being the co-founder, lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist and main songwriter for the American heavy metal band Metallica.
Michael Shannon : His performance received much acclaim from critics.
Michael Shannon : Shannon sings and writes lyrics for the band.
Michael Shannon : In 2010, Corporal released their self-titled debut album.
Michael Shannon : He later became a stage actor in Chicago.
Michael Shannon : They live in the neighborhood of Red Hook located in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
Michael Shannon : He has been nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his roles in "Revolutionary Road" (2008) and "Nocturnal Animals" (2016).
Michael Shannon : He helped found A Red Orchid Theatre, where he still regularly performs.
Michael Shannon : Shannon's first film role was as the main character in the music video for the Every Mother's Nightmare song "House of Pain", in which he played a troubled teenager who was running away from his abusive lifestyle.
Michael Shannon : In 2006, he played the leader of a prison white supremacist group, Lynard, in "Let's Go to Prison".
Michael Shannon : Shannon made his film debut with a small role in "Groundhog Day" in 1993 as a wedding groom.
Michael Shannon : Michael Corbett Shannon (born August 7, 1974) is an American actor, producer, director, and musician.
Michael Shannon : In 2013, he starred as legendary mob hitman Richard Kuklinski in "The Iceman", which was distributed in May 2013.
Michael Shannon : Later, he had roles in "Jesus' Son", "Pearl Harbor", "8 Mile" and "Vanilla Sky".
Michael Shannon : After a role in "Bad Boys II", he had a major role in "Grand Theft Parsons" as the hippie, Larry Oster-Berg.
Michael Shannon : His roles in "Bug" and "Killer Joe" were written by Steppenwolf ensemble member Tracy Letts.
Michael Shannon : Shannon had previously performed the show in 2009 at A Red Orchid Theatre in Chicago.
Michael Shannon : He was raised by his divorced parents in both Lexington, Kentucky, and Chicago, Illinois.
Michael Shannon : In 2002, Shannon formed the indie rock band Corporal, along with Ray Rizzo and Rob Beitzel.
Michael Shannon : Shannon was born in Lexington, Kentucky, and is a grandson of entomologist Raymond Corbett Shannon.
Michael Shannon : Shannon has appeared in several shows in the West End in London, including a production of "Woyzeck" directed by Sarah Kane.
Michael Shannon : Also that year, Shannon portrayed General Zod, the main antagonist in Zack Snyder's film "Man of Steel".
Michael Shannon : Shannon portrayed music icon Elvis Presley alongside Kevin Spacey as President Richard Nixon in "Elvis & Nixon".
Michael Shannon : In 2015, he was seen in the biographical drama film "Freeheld", as well as the independent drama film "99 Homes" as housing agent Rick Carver, a role that earned him widespread critical acclaim, and nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role.
Michael Shannon : Shannon originated the role of Peter Evans in "Bug" in 1996 and also starred in the 2006 film adaptation with Ashley Judd and Harry Connick Jr., directed by William Friedkin.
Michael Shannon : In 2008, Shannon was featured in the off-Broadway production of Stephen Adly Guirgis's "The Little Flower of East Orange", presented by LAByrinth Theater Company and The Public Theater, directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman and also featuring Ellen Burstyn.
Hans Tilkowski : Borussia Dortmund
Mario Rosas : After meeting the same fate with the Castile and León club, he terminated his contract and moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for FK Khazar Lankaran in Azerbaijan.
Mario Rosas : Mario Alberto Rosas Montero (born 22 May 1980) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Ivica Vastić : Ivica Vastić (; born 29 September 1969) is a retired Croatian-born Austrian football international midfielder, formerly a striker and current coach.
Ivica Vastić : Vastić's first appearance at a major tournament with Austria was at the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals in France, where he appeared in all of the team's three group matches and scored a last-minute equaliser in their second match at the tournament, a 1–1 draw against Chile.
Ivica Vastić : In 1991, he moved to Austria and signed with First Vienna FC.
Ivica Vastić : His most notable spell was with Sturm Graz between 1994 and 2002, during which he helped the club winning the Austrian Bundesliga two consecutive times in 1998 and 1999, as well as winning the Austrian Cup in 1996, 1997 and 1999.
Predrag Mijatović : He failed to score in his following 14 league appearances until the end of the 1989–90 league season.
Predrag Mijatović : After his playing career, he served as director of football for Real Madrid from 2006 to 2009.
Predrag Mijatović : In later interviews, Mijatović said a deteriorating political and security situation in Yugoslavia was a factor in his decision not to join the Croatian club Hajduk.
Predrag Mijatović : Internationally, he played for Yugoslavia at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and at the UEFA Euro 2000.
Predrag Mijatović : Though he scored on his Partizan debut against his former club Budućnost, Mijatović's debut half season in the new club under head coach Ivan Golac was mostly spent settling into the new surroundings.
Predrag Mijatović : At Partizan, Mijatović had been linked with various top European sides, including Atlético Madrid and Juventus.
Predrag Mijatović : Predrag "Peđa" Mijatović (, ; born 19 January 1969) is a retired Montenegrin professional footballer who played as a striker.
John Ngugi : That was his final appearance at a major international championship before his retirement.
John Ngugi : In the final, Ngugi took the lead during the second kilometre, but despite his front-running tactics, he was outsprinted in the finish, finishing in a disappointing twelfth place.
John Ngugi : In 1993 Ngugi refused to take an out-of-competition drug test, and he then received a four-year suspension for the infraction.
John Ngugi : John Ngugi Kamau (born 10 May 1962), is a former Kenyan long-distance runner, often called one of the greatest cross country runners of all time and winner of the 5000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul South Korea.
John Ngugi : Born in Kigumo, Muranga District, John Ngugi's earliest international successes came at the World Cross Country Championships, where he won a record four consecutive titles between 1986 and 1989 and five titles overall.
John Ngugi : At the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, New Zealand, Ngugi tried exactly the same tactics which had won him the Olympic gold medal.
Jean-Jacques Pierre : In six seasons in France he appeared in 143 league matches (including 68 Ligue 1 matches) and scored 4 goals.
Jean-Jacques Pierre : Jean-Jacques Pierre (born 23 January 1981) is a Haitian professional footballer.
Jean-Jacques Pierre : He made his full national team debut in a December 2001 friendly match against El Salvador and was a Haiti squad member at the 2002 and 2007 Gold Cup Finals.
Jean-Jacques Pierre : He plays for French club US Granville as a centre back.
Stephen D. Houston : Stephen Douglas Houston was born in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania and graduated from Carlisle High School.
Stephen D. Houston : In 1976 he commenced undergraduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia in anthropology.
Stephen D. Houston : He then entered the graduate studies program at Yale University, undertaking a Master of Philosophy (Anthropology) research degree, which was awarded in 1983.
Stephen D. Houston : From 1978–79 he spent a year as an exchange student at Edinburgh University, Scotland, where he participated in his first field trips, excavating Mesolithic and Neolithic bog sites in Offaly and Mayo counties, Ireland, and at a Bronze Age henge near Strathallan, Scotland.
Stephen D. Houston : He is the author of a number of papers and books concerning topics such as the Maya script, the history, kingships and dynastic politics of the pre-Columbian Maya, and archaeological reports on several Maya archaeological sites, particularly Dos Pilas and El Zotz.
Stephen D. Houston : Stephen Douglas Houston ( ; born November 11, 1958) is an American anthropologist, archaeologist, epigrapher and Mayanist scholar, who is particularly renowned for his research into the pre-Columbian Maya civilization of Mesoamerica.
Stephen D. Houston : Returning to Penn, Houston graduated "summa cum laude" in 1980 with a B.A.
Stephen D. Houston : Houston is an endowed chair as Dupee Family Professor of Social Science at Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, and is also a professor in Brown's Department of Anthropology.
Stephen D. Houston : Specialising in archaeological and epigraphic Maya studies, Houston participated in several field trips recording Maya stelae and inscriptions in Guatemala, Belize and Mexico (Bonampak), and held the first of various research Fellowships.
Stephen D. Houston : During this time he took a position of curatorial assistant at the Peabody Museum of Natural History, followed by a position as a Teaching Fellow at Yale.
Stephen D. Houston : The work at Dos Pilas was expanded into his dissertation, "The Inscriptions and Monumental Art of Dos Pilas, Guatemala: A Study of Classic Maya History and Politics."
David Clinger : David Clinger (born November 22, 1977 in Los Angeles) is a former professional road racing cyclist from the United States.
David Clinger : In August 2011, David Clinger was issued a lifetime doping ban by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) after testing positive during a random test while serving a prior doping ban.
Joaquín Caparrós : He resigned on 27 December, citing personal reasons.
Joaquín Caparrós : After an obscure career as a player, he started coaching in his mid-20s, his first club being amateurs San José Obrero CF.
Joaquín Caparrós : Joaquín de Jesús Caparrós Camino (born 15 October 1955) is a Spanish football coach, and is the director of football of Sevilla FC.
Joaquín Caparrós : With youth products such as Carlos Marchena, José Antonio Reyes and Jesuli – Sergio Ramos soon followed – and the future signings of Júlio Baptista, Adriano, Daniel Alves and Renato, the manager set the foundations for future domestic and European success, but was replaced by Juande Ramos before any of the actual conquests.
Joaquín Caparrós : On 15 March 2019, Caparrós again took over as caretaker until the end of the season following the sacking of Machín who was dismissed after only ten months in charge, after Sevilla were knocked out of the Europa League round of 16 by SK Slavia Prague.
Joaquín Caparrós : Caparrós returned to Sevilla on 28 April 2018 following the dismissal of Vincenzo Montella, being appointed caretaker manager until the end of the season.
Alou Diarra : On 1 August, the loan was confirmed.
Alou Diarra : Louhans-Cuiseaux finished the campaign in last place and were relegated to the semi-professional Championnat National, the third division of French football.
Eduard Kokoity : Kokoyty assumed office on 18 December 2001.
Eduard Kokoity : Kokoyty was elected president, at the age of 38, with a majority in the presidential elections of November–December 2001.
Eduard Kokoity : Revenues from the highway provide much of the South Ossetian government's revenue.
Eduard Kokoity : In 2001, he moved back to South Ossetia.
Eduard Kokoity : Following a tense stand-off with the central Georgian government in July 2004, he claimed "Georgia wants war.
Eduard Kokoity : The affair prompted an outbreak of gunfire in Tskhinvali, but no casualties were reported.
Eduard Kokoity : According to Kokoyty, the Security Council Secretary, along with the Defense and Security Chiefs had links with criminals.
Eduard Kokoity : The clan had previously supported Lyudvig Chibirov, but broke off support for him after he attempted to move against them.
Eduard Kokoity : He had gained key support from Albert "Dik" Tedeyev and his brother Dzhambolat, also a champion wrestler, who organized and financed Kokoyty's election campaign.
Eduard Kokoity : Prior to 1989, he was the First Secretary of the Tskhinvali branch of the Komsomol, the Young Communist League.
Eduard Kokoity : Sacking Albert Tedeyev, the Secretary of the Security Council, and ordering their private militias to be disarmed.
Eduard Kokoity : Kokoyty has taken a strong position against reunification with Georgia, although he has expressed a willingness to negotiate a peace settlement on the basis of South Ossetia being treated as an independent state (a precondition rejected by the Tbilisi government).
Eduard Kokoity : Kokoyty's victory was unexpected and owed much to the support of the Tedeyev clan, one of South Ossetia's most powerful families.
Eduard Kokoity : After Kokoyty was elected president, members of the Tedeyev clan took over responsibility for the republic's customs service and for freight traffic along the Transcaucasian highway.
Eduard Kokoity : In the Second and final round, he won 53% of the vote to Stanislav Kochiev's 40% on 6 December.
Salvatore Nunnari : He was ordained priest on 12 July 1964.
Salvatore Nunnari : Salvatore Nunnari (born 11 June 1939, in Reggio Calabria) is the Archbishop Emeritus of Cosenza-Bisignano.
Salvatore Nunnari : He was appointed Archbishop on 30 January 1999 to the Archdiocese of Sant’Angelo dei Lombardi-Conza-Nusco-Bisaccia.
Erjon Bogdani : Erjon Bogdani (born 14 April 1977) is an Albanian professional football coach and former player who is the current manager of Albania under-19 team.
Erjon Bogdani : Following his retirement, Bogdani was initially appointed by Albanian Football Association as a youth talents scouter, starting the job in September 2014.
Erjon Bogdani : In December 2016, he was named manager of Albania under-19 team.
Erjon Bogdani : Regarded as one of the most successful Albanian players of all time, Bogdani began his career at Partizani Tirana in 1994 where he debuted at the age of 16.
Matthew McConaughey : McConaughey rescued various pets stranded after the flooding of New Orleans from Hurricane Katrina.
Matthew McConaughey : McConaughey started the "just keep livin" foundation, which is "dedicated to helping teenage kids lead active lives and make healthy choices to become great men and women".
Matthew McConaughey : McConaughey met Camila Alves in 2006.
Matthew McConaughey : His mother, Mary Kathleen "Kay"/"KMac" (née McCabe), is a former kindergarten teacher and published author who taught him.
Matthew McConaughey : Matthew David McConaughey (; born November 4, 1969) is an American actor and producer.
Matthew McConaughey : He said:
Matthew McConaughey : He was acclaimed for his supporting performances in "Bernie" (2011) and "Magic Mike" (2012) and "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), and for his leading roles in "Killer Joe" (2011) and "Mud" (2012).
Matthew McConaughey : In 2014, he starred as Rust Cohle in the first season of HBO's crime anthology series "True Detective", for which he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series.
Giampiero Boniperti : In March 2004, he was named by Pelé as one of the world's top 125 greatest living footballers.
Giampiero Boniperti : After playing 14 games in the Serie A league, Boniperti was called up to play for the Italian national football team, making his international debut on 9 November 1947, in a game against Austria; the match ended in a 5–1 loss to the Austrian side.
Giampiero Boniperti : In 1957 Juventus signed two forwards: John Charles and Omar Sivori.
Giampiero Boniperti : A team player, in the later part of his career, he moved into a deeper position, functioning as a second striker or inside forward, as an attacking midfielder, as a winger, or even as a central midfielder, as a defensive midfielder, or as a midfield playmaker.
Giampiero Boniperti : He played his first match for "the Old Lady" in Serie A on 2 March 1947 against A.C. Milan, which ended in a 2–1 defeat.
Jordy Clasie : Jordy Clasie (; born 27 June 1991) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Eredivisie club AZ Alkmaar, and for the Dutch national team.
Jordy Clasie : In February 2012, Bert van Marwijk, the coach of the first team of the Netherlands, pronounced his interest in Clasie.
Jordy Clasie : Clasie made his professional debut for Excelsior on 15 August 2010, when he was part of the starting line-up in the Rotterdam derby victory against Feyenoord (3–2).
Gilles Müller : Gilles Müller (; born 9 May 1983) is a retired tennis player from Luxembourg.
Gilles Müller : At the 2008 US Open, Müller, ranked 130 at the time, had to go through the qualification tournament.
Gilles Müller : In September 2011, he advanced to the fourth round of the US Open, losing to Rafael Nadal, whom he had already lost to in the third round of Wimbledon earlier that same year.
Gilles Müller : He lost to defending and eventual champion Roger Federer in straight sets (6–7, 4–6, 6–7).
Gilles Müller : He reached the main draw and advanced to the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam tournament for the first time in his career, earnining a win over fifth-seeded Nikolay Davydenko in the fourth round.
Gilles Müller : Müller registered his 100th singles win by defeating Australian Marinko Matosevic (7–6, 6–4) in Atlanta.
Gilles Müller : On 19 January 2009, Müller beat Spaniard Feliciano López (6–3, 7–6, 4–6, 4–6, 16–14) in an epic four-hour, 24-minute match in the first round of the 2009 Australian Open.
Prince Royce : I felt really comfortable on stage."
Prince Royce : Later in 2012, he was featured as one of "People en Español" "Sexiest Men Alive".
Prince Royce : Recalling his first time performing before a crowd, he said: "[In] elementary school, I was singing a Christmas song.
Prince Royce : Geoffrey Royce Rojas was born (May 11, 1989) and raised in The Bronx, a borough of New York City, New York.
Prince Royce : The album was produced primarily by Hidalgo and Sergio George, with co-production duties by Royce.
Prince Royce : Royce has been romantically linked to actress Emeraude Toubia since 2011, and in April 2016, the couple publicly confirmed their relationship.
Prince Royce : His father, Ramón Rojas, drove a taxicab and his mother, Ángela de León, worked at a beauty salon.
Prince Royce : The week of "Phase II" release, Royce attended four autograph signing events in the United States.
Prince Royce : On April 10, 2012, Prince Royce released his second studio album, "Phase II".
Prince Royce : This came after the fizzled relationship between Royce and Top Stop that ended in two lawsuits, in which Royce was sued by the label for breach of contract.
Prince Royce : Royce's second album was certified platinum in the US and Puerto Rico six months after its release.
Prince Royce : At age nineteen, Royce met producer Andrés Hidalgo, who after hearing his demos, instantly became his manager.
Prince Royce : Geoffrey Royce Rojas (born May 11, 1989), known professionally as Prince Royce, is an American singer and songwriter of Dominican descent.
Prince Royce : In a statement, Peter Edge, the CEO of RCA Records, said: "We are thrilled about the opportunity to work with such a dynamic Latin artist on his first English album.
Prince Royce : When he was young, Royce participated in choir in elementary school, competed in talent shows and, at the age of thirteen, began writing poetry, which turned into songwriting.
Prince Royce : The 13-track album incorporated a variety of music styles, from bachata to mariachi.
Prince Royce : Prince Royce's early successes have paved the way for the next generation of Latin music and we are eager to join forces with our partners Sony Music Latin to fully maximize his music and career."
Prince Royce : AllMusic's Jason Birchmeier credited Hidalgo for the "crisp production job, which is often spare but adds touches of urban beats here and there."
Prince Royce : In December 2010, Royce recorded a song with Sergio George called "El Campo de los Sueños", which was used as the theme song for the television program "Domingo de Grandes Ligas" on American TV sports network ESPN in its 2010 season.
Prince Royce : Shortly after its release, the album debuted on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart at number fifteen.
Prince Royce : The album itself eventually reached number-one on the US "Billboard" Latin Albums chart and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Prince Royce : The album earned Royce his second nomination for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Tropical Album.
Prince Royce : The album itself reached number-one on the US "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and Tropical Albums charts.
Prince Royce : In April 2013, it was announced that Royce had signed a record deal with Sony Music Entertainment to release his third Spanish-language studio album under Sony Music Latin and debut English recording under RCA Records.
Prince Royce : "Las Cosas Pequeñas" debuted at number-one on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart, and eventually reached number-one on the "Billboard" Latin Songs chart.
Al Skinner : He served as an assistant coach at Marist from 1982 to 1984, and then at the University of Rhode Island from 1984 to 1988.
Al Skinner : During the 1978–79 season, Skinner was traded by the New Jersey Nets to the Philadelphia 76ers along with Eric Money for Harvey Catchings and Ralph Simpson.
Al Skinner : Albert Lee Skinner Jr. (born June 16, 1952) is an American men's college basketball head coach and a former collegiate and professional basketball player.
Ronan Pensec : While he defended his lead on the Alpe d'Huez, Pensec lost the lead to Italian Claudio Chiappucci in an Individual time trial.
Ronan Pensec : Ronan Pensec (born July 10, 1963) is a former French professional road bicycle racer.
Ronan Pensec : His best performances in the Tour de France were in the first editions he competed in, where he finished sixth in the 1986 edition and seventh in the 1988 Tour de France.
Nicola Larini : He participated in 75 Formula One Grands Prix, debuting on 6 September 1987.
Nicola Larini : Nicola Larini (born 19 March 1964) is an Italian racing driver.
Nicola Larini : He finished second in the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix on a substitute outing for Ferrari, but only scored points once more in his career.
Nicola Larini : Alfa would drop off the pace for the next two years, with Larini placing sixth in the German series in 1995, and 11th in the Italian series in 1996.
Saul Kripke : However, the costs are severe.
Saul Kripke : Kripke's response to this difficulty was to eliminate terms.
Saul Kripke : Kripke was married to philosopher Margaret Gilbert.
Saul Kripke : First, his language is artificially impoverished, and second, the rules for the propositional modal logic must be weakened.
Saul Kripke : He gave an example of a system that uses the world-relative interpretation and preserves the classical rules.
Saul Kripke : In 1978 he took a chaired professorship at Princeton University.
Saul Kripke : Kripke's contributions to philosophy include:
Saul Kripke : This seems incompatible with our ordinary practice of using terms to refer to things that exist contingently.
Saul Kripke : But this predicate is undefined for any sentences that do not, so to speak, "bottom out" in simpler sentences not containing a truth predicate.
Saul Kripke : His father was the leader of Beth El Synagogue, the only Conservative congregation in Omaha, Nebraska; his mother wrote educational Jewish books for children.
Saul Kripke : Such a fixed point can then be taken as the basic form of a natural language containing its own truth predicate.
Saul Kripke : The approach involves letting truth be a partially defined property over the set of grammatically well-formed sentences in the language.
Saul Kripke : Titled "Reference and Existence", they were in many respects a continuation of "Naming and Necessity", and deal with the subjects of fictional names and perceptual error.
Saul Kripke : Kripke has made influential and original contributions to logic, especially modal logic.
Saul Kripke : Much of his work remains unpublished or exists only as tape recordings and privately circulated manuscripts.
Saul Kripke : Examples include "Hesperus is Phosphorus", "Cicero is Tully", "Water is HO" and other identity claims where two names refer to the same object.
Saul Kripke : He won the Schock Prize in Logic and Philosophy in 2001.
Saul Kripke : He gives several examples purporting to render descriptivism implausible as a theory of how names get their references determined (e.g., surely Aristotle could have died at age two and so not satisfied any of the descriptions we associate with his name, but it would seem wrong to deny that he was still Aristotle).
Saul Kripke : He points out that proper names, in contrast to most descriptions, are rigid designators: that is, a proper name refers to the named object in every possible world in which the object exists, while most descriptions designate different objects in different possible worlds.
Saul Kripke : Saul and his two sisters, Madeline and Netta, attended Dundee Grade School and Omaha Central High School.
Saul Kripke : Kripke also raised the prospect of "a posteriori necessities" — facts that are necessarily true, though they can be known only through empirical investigation.
Saul Kripke : He is a member of the American Philosophical Society and an elected Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and in 1985 was a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy.
Saul Kripke : If standard quantifier rules are used, however, every term must refer to something that exists in all the possible worlds.
Saul Kripke : Saul Aaron Kripke (; born November 13, 1940) is an American philosopher and logician.
Saul Kripke : Saul Kripke is the oldest of three children born to Dorothy K. Kripke and Rabbi Myer S. Kripke.
Saul Kripke : Kripke delivered the John Locke Lectures in philosophy at Oxford in 1973.
Saul Kripke : That is, " 'Snow is white' is true" is well-defined, as is " ' "Snow is white" is true' is true," and so forth, but neither "This sentence is true" nor "This sentence is not true" receive truth-conditions; they are, in Kripke's terms, "ungrounded."
Saul Kripke : Kripke has received honorary degrees from the University of Nebraska, Omaha (1977), Johns Hopkins University (1997), University of Haifa, Israel (1998), and the University of Pennsylvania (2005).
Saul Kripke : The most familiar logics in the modal family are constructed from a weak logic called K, named after Kripke.
Saul Kripke : Finally, Kripke gave an argument against identity materialism in the philosophy of mind, the view that every mental particular is identical with some physical particular.
Saul Kripke : Kripke argued that the only way to defend this identity is as an "a posteriori" necessary identity, but that such an identity — e.g., that pain is C-fibers firing — could not be necessary, given the (clearly conceivable) possibility that pain could be separate from the firing of C-fibers, or the firing of C-fibers be separate from pain.
Saul Kripke : During his sophomore year at Harvard, he taught a graduate-level logic course at nearby MIT.
Saul Kripke : Kripke showed how to do this recursively by starting from the set of expressions in a language that do not contain the truth predicate, and defining a truth predicate over just that segment: this action adds new sentences to the language, and truth is in turn defined for all of them.
Saul Kripke : Two of Kripke's earlier works, "A Completeness Theorem in Modal Logic" (1959) and "Semantical Considerations on Modal Logic" (1963), the former written when he was a teenager, were on modal logic.
Saul Kripke : As an alternative, Kripke outlined a causal theory of reference, according to which a name refers to an object by virtue of a causal connection with the object as mediated through communities of speakers.
Saul Kripke : Unlike Tarski's approach, however, Kripke's lets "truth" be the union of all of these definition-stages; after a denumerable infinity of steps the language reaches a "fixed point" such that using Kripke's method to expand the truth-predicate does not change the language any further.
Saul Kripke : In 2002 Kripke began teaching at the CUNY Graduate Center, and in 2003 he was appointed a distinguished professor of philosophy there.
Saul Kripke : After graduating from high school in 1958, Kripke attended Harvard University and graduated summa cum laude in 1962 with a bachelor's degree in mathematics.
Saul Kripke : Kripke himself expresses doubts in "Wittgenstein on Rules and Private Language" as to whether Wittgenstein would endorse his interpretation of "Philosophical Investigations."
Saul Kripke : In his 1975 article "Outline of a Theory of Truth", Kripke showed that a language can consistently contain its own truth predicate, something deemed impossible by Alfred Tarski, a pioneer in formal theories of truth.
Paulo Bento : Paulo Jorge Gomes Bento (born 20 June 1969; ) is a Portuguese retired footballer, and the manager of the South Korea national team.
Paulo Bento : Estrela da Amadora, Vitória de Guimarães and S.L.
Paulo Bento : Benfica, and had a four-year abroad spell with Real Oviedo, helping the Spanish club always retain its La Liga status before moving to Sporting CP, where he finished his career as a player.
Paulo Bento : Bento earned 35 caps for the Portugal national team, his first game coming on 15 January 1992 in a 0–0 draw with Spain and his last being the 0–1 loss to South Korea on 14 June 2002 in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Paulo Bento : On 11 December 2017, Bento was appointed manager at Chongqing Dangdai Lifan FC.
Paulo Bento : On 11 August 2016, Bento became the head coach of Superleague Greece title holders Olympiacos FC.
Ubaldo Fillol : Fillol played 17 matches there.
Ubaldo Fillol : He soon drew public attraction due to his agility and quick reflexes that allowed him to make acrobatic saves.
Ubaldo Fillol : Fillol's debut in European football was in 1985 when he was traded to Atlético Madrid at 35.
Ubaldo Fillol : At the age of 18, Fillol debuted in Primera División (the Argentine top division) playing for Quilmes vs. Huracán, on May 1, 1969.
Ubaldo Fillol : He is usually considered to be one of the greatest goalkeepers and usually regarded as the best Argentine goalkeeper ever.
Ubaldo Fillol : In November that year, he moved to Brazil to play in Flamengo, where he won the Taça Guanabara with the club in 1984.
Ubaldo Fillol : Fillol also held the record of 26 penalty stopped, the highest in Argentine football, sharing this record with Hugo Gatti.
Ubaldo Fillol : In 1983, after a conflict with the River Plate executives (during which he considered to retire from the activity) Fillol was transferred to Argentinos Juniors by request of Ángel Labruna (who was managing Argentinos Junior by then).
Ubaldo Fillol : Ubaldo Matildo Fillol (; born 21 July 1950), nicknamed "el Pato" (in English: "the Duck"), is an Argentine football coach and former goalkeeper.
Ubaldo Fillol : In River Plate, Fillo won seven titles, including the 1975 Metropolitano tournament that meant the first title for the club after 18 years with no championships.
Ubaldo Fillol : In 1986 Fillol returned to Racing, where he won the first edition of the Supercopa Sudamericana in 1988, being also the first international title for the club after the 1967 Intercontinental Cup
Kurt Koch : He was ordained to the priesthood on 20 June 1982.
Kurt Koch : Kurt Koch (born 15 March 1950) is a Swiss prelate of the Catholic Church.
Kurt Koch : Koch was appointed Bishop of Basel on December 6, 1995.
Kurt Koch : Pope Benedict XVI announced the appointment of Koch as president of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity on 1 July 2010, taking over from Cardinal Walter Kasper.
Kurt Koch : He studied theology at the Ludwig-Maximilians University in Munich and at the University of Lucerne, graduating in 1975 with a Doctor of Theology degree.
Robert Slippens : Robert Slippens (born 3 May 1975 in Opmeer, North Holland) is a Dutch racing cyclist.
Tyrese Gibson : After releasing several albums, he transitioned into films, with lead roles in several major Hollywood releases.
Tyrese Gibson : Gibson's career began when he auditioned for a Coca-Cola commercial at the suggestion of his high school music teacher.
Tyrese Gibson : Gibson portrays Sergeant Robert Epps in the "Transformers" film series.
Tyrese Gibson : His first big role was in John Singleton's "Baby Boy" in 2001.
Tyrese Gibson : Gibson was born and raised in Watts, Los Angeles, California.
Tyrese Gibson : An appearance in a 1994 Coca-Cola advertisement, singing the phrase "Always Coca-Cola", led to bigger fame.
Tyrese Gibson : Tyrese Gibson (born December 30, 1978), also known mononymously as Tyrese, is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actor, model, VJ and screenwriter.
Tyrese Gibson : His mother, Priscilla Murray Gibson (née Durham), raised him and his three older siblings as a single parent after Gibson's father, Tyrone Gibson, left.
James Oberg : He has two grown sons (born 1977 and 1984).
James Oberg : Oberg was commissioned by NASA to write a rebuttal of Apollo Moon landing conspiracy theories.
James Oberg : Oberg has been married since 1969 and lives with his wife Alcestis in Dickinson, Texas.
James Oberg : He privately published several books on the Soviet (and later Russian) programs, and became one of the few Western specialists on Russian space history.
James Oberg : He authored more than a thousand magazine and newspaper articles, including such magazines as "The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Scientific American, OMNI, Popular Science, Popular Mechanics, New Scientist, IEEE Spectrum, Air Force Magazine, Star and Sky", etc.
James Oberg : This culminated in planning the orbit for the STS-88 mission, the first International Space Station (ISS) assembly flight.
James Oberg : After service in the United States Air Force, he joined NASA in 1975, where he worked until 1997 at Johnson Space Center on the Space Shuttle program.
James Oberg : James Edward Oberg (born November 7, 1944), often known as Jim Oberg, is an American space journalist and historian, regarded as an expert on the Russian and Chinese space programs.
John Hickenlooper : "TIME Magazine" named him one of America’s five best big-city mayors in 2005, noting, “he dispensed with the partisan and sometimes imperious manner of past Denver mayors to accomplish quite a bit during his brief tenure.
John Hickenlooper : in English in 1974, and a master's degree in geology in 1980.
John Hickenlooper : He currently serves on the Western Governors' Association, and served as the chairman of the National Governors' Association from July 2014 to July 2015.
John Hickenlooper : After incumbent governor Bill Ritter announced that he would not seek reelection, Hickenlooper announced his intention to run for the Democratic nomination in January 2010.
John Hickenlooper : After his career as a geologist in 1988, he began a career in business, co-founding the Wynkoop Brewing Company in Denver.
John Hickenlooper : On December 4, 2012, he was elected to serve as vice chair of the Democratic Governors Association.
John Hickenlooper : In May 2007, Hickenlooper won re-election as mayor with 88% of the vote.
John Hickenlooper : He won an uncontested primary and faced the Constitution Party nominee, former representative Tom Tancredo, and Republican nominee Dan Maes in the general election.
John Hickenlooper : On January 11, 2011, Hickenlooper was sworn in as the 42nd governor of Colorado after winning by fifteen points.
John Hickenlooper : Hickenlooper worked as a geologist in Colorado for Buckhorn Petroleum in the early 1980s.
John Hickenlooper : A 1970 graduate of The Haverford School, an independent boys school in Haverford, Pennsylvania, he went on to attend Wesleyan University, where he received a B.A.
Dizzy Reed : Reed was born as Darren Arthur Reed on June 18, 1963 in Hinsdale, Illinois, and was raised in Colorado.
Jürgen Schult : Jürgen Schult (born 11 May 1960) is a German former track and field athlete and as of 2019, the world record holder in the discus throw.
Jürgen Schult : He competed in his final Olympics in 2000 at the age of 40, finishing in 8th place.
François Cluzet : Cluzet grew up in Paris, and made his stage debut in 1976.
François Cluzet : François Cluzet (born 21 September 1955) is a French film and theatre actor.
François Cluzet : In 1994, Cluzet tried international cinema, acting in ensemble movie "Prêt-à-Porter" for director Robert Altman and romance "French Kiss" with Lawrence Kasdan.
François Cluzet : Cluzet has a son, Paul (son of the late actress Marie Trintignant), as well as three other children: Blanche, Joseph, and Marguerite.
François Cluzet : Cluzet may be best known for his role as Philippe in the international hit film "The Intouchables" (2011).
Federico Azcárate : Federico Xavier Azcárate Ochoa (born 15 June 1984) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a central defender.
Christian Poulsen : After his transfer in France, he became the second player in history after Florin Răducioiu to play in all five of the big leagues (Germany, Spain, Italy, England and France).
Christian Poulsen : Christian Bjørnshøj Poulsen (born 28 February 1980) is a Danish former footballer.
Christian Poulsen : He has been a regular member of the Denmark national football team since his debut in 2001, and has played 92 matches, scoring six goals for his country.
Christian Poulsen : See UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier fan attack for a list of other incidents in the controversial match between Sweden and Denmark.
Christian Poulsen : Gattuso made gloating taunts, while Poulsen gave him a sarcastic thumbs up, afterwards declaring he found Gattuso childish and hoped he felt embarrassed for himself.
Christian Poulsen : In his debut match for the club, Poulsen helped Sevilla win the European Super Cup trophy, with a 3–0 victory against FC Barcelona on 25 August.
Rene Krhin : Rene Krhin (born 21 May 1990) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Nantes and the Slovenia national team as a central midfielder.
Rene Krhin : He made his senior debut in a friendly on 5 September 2009, a 1–2 loss to England, coming on as a second-half substitute.
Marc Ouellet : Ouellet is fluent in English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian and German.
Marc Ouellet : Marc Armand Ouellet (born 8 June 1944) is a Canadian Cardinal prelate of the Catholic Church.
Marc Ouellet : In 1972 he entered the Society of the Priests of Saint Sulpice (Sulpicians).
Marc Ouellet : On 15 November 2002 he was appointed Archbishop of Quebec and Primate of Canada by Pope John Paul II.
Marc Ouellet : In 1970 he left for South America to teach philosophy at the Major Seminary of Bogotá.
Marc Ouellet : He was created Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria in Traspontina by John Paul II in the consistory of 21 October 2003.
Marc Ouellet : He is an alumnus of the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas "Angelicum" in Rome where he earned a license in philosophy in 1976.
Marc Ouellet : He also earned a doctorate in dogmatic theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University (1982).
Marc Ouellet : Ouellet was named titular archbishop of Agropoli and secretary of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity on 3 March 2001.
Damián Ísmodes : Damián Ísmodes Saravia (born 10 March 1989) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Real Garcilaso as a midfielder.
Damián Ísmodes : A full Peruvian international since the age of 18, Ísmodes was selected for the final squad at 2007 Copa América, where he appeared once.
Ludovic Sylvestre : In September 2016, Sylvestre joined Ligue 2 club Red Star, marking his return to his homeland after playing abroad for twelve years.
Ludovic Sylvestre : He is the sporting director at Red Star.
Ludovic Sylvestre : Ludovic Sylvestre (born 5 February 1984) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Stephen Curry : He had hit a three-pointer in every regular-season game since November 11, 2014.
Stephen Curry : Still, he broke Danny Green's record of 27 three-pointers made in a Finals.
Stephen Curry : Over the course of the season, he sat out 17 fourth quarters due to Golden State's wide margins of victory.
Stephen Curry : At the time, many basketball writers considered the move risky for Golden State because of Curry's injury history.
Stephen Curry : On July 30, 2011, Curry married longtime girlfriend and Toronto native Ayesha Alexander in Charlotte.
Stephen Curry : In the Finals, Curry's play relative to his regular season performance remained inconsistent, as it had been since he returned from injury against Portland.
Stephen Curry : His 51 points tied Gilbert Arenas and Michael Jordan for the Verizon Center record.
Stephen Curry : He was the leading vote-getter for the All-Star Game and won the Three-Point Contest on All-Star Saturday night.
Stephen Curry : The son of former NBA player Dell Curry and older brother of current NBA player Seth, Curry played college basketball for the Davidson Wildcats.
Stephen Curry : Seventeen of those points came in the extra period, an NBA record for points scored by an individual in overtime.
Stephen Curry : Kerr implemented significant changes to Golden State's schemes, including playing at a faster pace and giving Curry more freedom to shoot, helping the team evolve into a title contender.
Stephen Curry : On June 25, 2009, Curry was selected with the seventh overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors.
Stephen Curry : Prior to the start of the 2014–15 season, the Warriors hired former NBA player and general manager Steve Kerr as their new head coach.
Stephen Curry : During the game against the Kings, Curry was guarded by his brother Seth for the first time in their NBA careers.
Stephen Curry : Over the course of the year, Curry and backcourt teammate Klay Thompson gained a reputation for their perimeter scoring, earning them the nickname the "Splash Brothers".
Stephen Curry : Wardell Stephen "Steph" Curry II ( ; born March 14, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Stephen Curry : In the game seven loss, Curry scored 17 points on 6-of-19 shooting.
Stephen Curry : In Game 5, he scored 37 points, and in Game 6, Golden State closed out the series to win their first championship in 40 years.
Stephen Curry : Curry's younger brother, Seth, is also a professional basketball player, and his younger sister, Sydel, played volleyball at Elon University.
Stephen Curry : Prior to the start of the 2012–13 season, Curry signed a four-year, $44 million contract extension with the Warriors.
Stephen Curry : He also broke his own NBA record for threes in a season, leaving the new mark at 288.
Stephen Curry : During the 2016 NBA All-Star Weekend, Curry competed in his third straight All-Star game for the West, and competed in the Three-Point Shootout, where he lost in the final round to teammate Klay Thompson.
Stephen Curry : Seeded sixth for the second consecutive postseason, the Warriors were defeated in seven games by the Los Angeles Clippers.
Stephen Curry : Curry also surpassed Kyle Korver's mark of 127 straight games with a three-pointer.
Stephen Curry : However, the Warriors, despite being up 3–1 in the series, were defeated by the Cleveland Cavaliers in seven games and became the first team in NBA Finals history to lose a series after leading 3–1.
Stephen Curry : In the following game two days later, the Warriors defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder in overtime thanks to a Curry three-pointer with 0.6 seconds remaining.
Stephen Curry : After going down 3–1, he helped the Warriors rally to win the series 4–3 and advance to their second straight NBA Finals.
Stephen Curry : On April 9, he broke his own league record for three-pointers made in a season during a game against the Portland Trail Blazers.
Stephen Curry : On December 7 against the Memphis Grizzlies, Curry eclipsed Jason Richardson (700) as the franchise's leader in career three-pointers.
Stephen Curry : To start the 2015–16 season, Curry became the first player since Michael Jordan in 1989–90 to score 118 points in his team's first three games, including a season-high 53 points against the New Orleans Pelicans in the third game.
Stephen Curry : Curry topped 50 points for the third time in 2015–16, the first player to do it that many times since LeBron James and Dwyane Wade did so in 2008–09.
Stephen Curry : The Warriors went on to defeat the Rockets to earn a Finals matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers, where Curry struggled to start the series, converting on only 22 percent of his field goals in Game 2.
Stephen Curry : For the Finals, Curry averaged 26 points and 6.3 assists per game.
Stephen Curry : On October 28, 2016, Curry hit four three-pointers against the New Orleans Pelicans to reach 1,600 for his career, becoming the 19th player to do so, as well as the fastest to reach the mark.
Stephen Curry : In Game 3 of the Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, he broke the NBA record for most three-pointers made in a single postseason.
Stephen Curry : With 14 points against the Dallas Mavericks on December 30, Curry (11,903) passed Purvis Short (11,894) for seventh place on the Warriors' all-time scoring list.
Stephen Curry : He made eight three-pointers in the game to reach 200 for the season, becoming the first player in NBA history to make 200 three-pointers in four straight seasons.
Stephen Curry : Curry shot 16-of-26 overall against the Pelicans for his first 40-point game of the season, finishing with 46 in a 116–106 win.
Stephen Curry : On December 11, Curry hit two three-pointers against the Minnesota Timberwolves to pass Steve Nash for 17th on the NBA's career three-pointers list.
Stephen Curry : On February 4, Curry scored a season-high 51 points in a win over the Dallas Mavericks.
Stephen Curry : Curry led the Warriors to a 4–1 victory over the Trail Blazers, as they moved on to the Western Conference Finals to face the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Stephen Curry : The league's leading scorer at 30.1 points per game, Curry was named the league's first ever unanimous MVP, becoming the 11th player in NBA history to win the award in consecutive seasons and the first guard to do so since Steve Nash in 2004–05 and 2005–06.
Stephen Curry : Curry finished with 46 points as his winning shot was his 12th three-pointer, tying the NBA single-game record (with Kobe Bryant and Donyell Marshall).
Stephen Curry : On November 4, Curry's NBA-record streak of 157 straight games with at least one made three-pointer was snapped during the Warriors' 117–97 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers after he went 0-of-10 from three-point range.
Stephen Curry : On February 3, he made 11 three-pointers (including seven in the first quarter) and scored 51 points (including a career-high 36 points in the first half) to lead the Warriors past the Washington Wizards 134–121.
Stephen Curry : With the conclusion of the regular season, Curry became the seventh player in NBA history to join the 50–40–90 club, representing the shooting percentages from the field (.504), beyond the arc (.454), and the free-throw line (.908).
Stephen Curry : The Warriors finished the year with 67 wins and Curry was voted the NBA Most Valuable Player after posting averages of 23.8 points, 7.7 assists and 2 steals per game.
Stephen Curry : At 48–4, the Warriors entered the All-Star break with the best record through 52 games in NBA history, one win better than the 1995–96 Chicago Bulls and 1966–67 Philadelphia 76ers.
Stephen Curry : On March 7, in a win over the Magic, Curry scored 41 points and became the first player in NBA history to make 300 regular-season three-pointers.
Stephen Curry : On April 1, Curry missed a three-pointer to tie the game against the Celtics with 5.3 seconds left, as the Warriors suffered their first home defeat since January 27, 2015, snapping an NBA-record 54-game winning streak in the regular season at Oracle Arena.
Stephen Curry : On February 25, Curry made 10 three-pointers and scored 51 points to lead the Warriors past the Orlando Magic 130–114.
Stephen Curry : In Game 5 of the Conference Semifinals against the Memphis Grizzlies, Curry became the first player in league history to register six three-pointers and six steals in a game.
Stephen Curry : In a loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on January 6, 2017, Curry had his second 40-point game of the season and reached the 12,000-point threshold, becoming the seventh player in Warriors history to score 12,000 career points.
Stephen Curry : On April 7, Curry scored 27 points to help the Warriors become the second team in NBA history to win 70 games in a season with a 112–101 win over the San Antonio Spurs.
Stephen Curry : On January 22, he recorded his second triple-double of the season with 39 points, 12 assists and 10 rebounds in a 122–110 win over the Indiana Pacers.
Stephen Curry : In the Warriors' regular-season finale on April 13 against the Memphis Grizzlies, Curry achieved another shooting milestone, becoming the first player to make 400 three-pointers in a season by knocking down 10 from long range on his way to 46 points and 402 total three-pointers.
Stephen Curry : With a 125–104 win over the Grizzlies, the Warriors became the first 73-win team in NBA history, surpassing the 1995–96 Chicago Bulls' 72–10 record to finish the 2015–16 season with just nine losses.
Javi Chica : Francisco Javier "Javi" Chica Torres (born 17 May 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FE Grama.
Tiken Jah Fakoly : His music speaks about the many injustices done to the people of his country and Africans in general, as well as inciting calls for pan-Africanism and an African economic, political and cultural resurgence.
Tiken Jah Fakoly : He is featured on Steel Pulse: "African Holocaust", on Didier Awadi: "Stoppez les criminels", on Riké: "Airt Frais", on Bernard Lavilliers: "Carnets De Bord", on Amadou & Mariam: "Dimanche À Bamako", on Dub Incorporation "Diversité", and on Tata Pound: "Cikan".
Richard Dean Anderson : Anderson was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the oldest of four sons born to Stuart Jay Anderson, a teacher and Jocelyn Rhae Carter, an artist.
Philip Kitcher : He earned his B.A.
Philip Kitcher : Kitcher is past president of the American Philosophical Association.
Philip Kitcher : Born in London, Kitcher spent his early life in Eastbourne, East Sussex, on the south coast of the United Kingdom.
Philip Kitcher : Within philosophy, Kitcher is best known for his work in philosophy of biology, science, and mathematics.
Philip Kitcher : He has also published papers on John Stuart Mill, Kant and other figures in the history of philosophy.
Philip Kitcher : As chair of Columbia's Contemporary Civilization program (part of its undergraduate Core Curriculum), he also holds the James R. Barker Professorship of Contemporary Civilization.
Philip Kitcher : His works attempt to connect the questions raised in philosophy of biology and philosophy of mathematics with the central philosophical issues of epistemology, metaphysics, and ethics.
Philip Kitcher : in Mathematics/History and Philosophy of Science from Christ's College, Cambridge in 1969, and his PhD in History and Philosophy of Science from Princeton University in 1974, where he worked closely with Carl Hempel and Thomas Kuhn.
Philip Kitcher : Kitcher currently teaches at Columbia University in the Department of Philosophy where he holds an appointment as the John Dewey Professor of Philosophy.
Koen Lenaerts : In October 2015 he became President of the Court of Justice of the European Union and on 9 October 2018, he was reelected as its President.
Koen Lenaerts : He is also a Professor of European Law at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and was a member of the Coudenberg group, a Belgian federalist think tank.
Hayden Roulston : Hayden Roulston (born 10 January 1981, in Ashburton) is a former New Zealand professional racing cyclist.
Hayden Roulston : He came 10th in the Madison with his team mate Greg Henderson.
Paata Burchuladze : He also made several recordings.
Paata Burchuladze : After his debut in his native Tbilisi in 1976, he embarked on a 35-year-long musical career during which he made appearances at leading opera houses across Europe and the United States.
Paata Burchuladze : Paata Burchuladze () (born 12 February 1955) is a Georgian operatic bass and civil activist.
Layvin Kurzawa : Kurzawa was born to a Guadeloupean father, and a Polish mother, and was approached to play for the Poland national team.
Layvin Kurzawa : He started the match and played 65 minutes before being substituted in a 1–0 victory.
Layvin Kurzawa : On 31 October 2017, Kurzawa scored his first career hat-trick against RSC Anderlecht in the Champions League group phase.
Layvin Kurzawa : Layvin Marc Kurzawa (born 4 September 1992) is a French professional footballer who plays as a left back for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.
Layvin Kurzawa : Born in Fréjus, Var, Kurzawa made his professional debut on 22 September 2010 in a Coupe de la Ligue third round match against Lens at the Stade Louis II.
Rafael Esquivel : Esquivel was arrested in May 2015 in Switzerland to face corruption charges in the United States.
Rafael Esquivel : Rafael Esquivel Melo (born 1946/1947) is a Venezuelan former football administrator.
Gavin Bryars : He lives in England, and, for part of the year, on the west coast of Canada.
Gavin Bryars : In 1981–84 Bryars participated in "", a vast, never-completed multimedia project by Robert Wilson, who also directed his first opera, "Medea".
Gavin Bryars : Its members included Brian Eno, whose Obscure Records label would subsequently release works by Bryars.
Gavin Bryars : He has written several pieces for dance, including "Biped" (1999) for Merce Cunningham, as well as works for William Forsythe, Carolyn Carlson, Edouard Lock and David Dawson.
Gavin Bryars : On top of that loop, rich harmonies played by a live ensemble are built, always increasing in density, before the whole thing gradually fades out.
Gavin Bryars : The trio began by playing relatively traditional jazz before moving into free improvisation.
Gavin Bryars : A new recording of this work was made in the 1990s with Tom Waits singing along with the original recording of the vagrant during the final section.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars's later works have included "A Man In A Room, Gambling" (1992), which was written on commission from Artangel.
Gavin Bryars : A well-known early work is "Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet" (1971), which has as its basis a recorded loop of a vagrant singing a musical fragment that the old man had improvised.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars has written many other works, including five operas, and many instrumental pieces, among them three string quartets and several concertos.
Gavin Bryars : One of his earliest pieces, "The Sinking of the Titanic" (1969), is an indeterminist work that allows the performers to take a number of sound sources related to the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" and make them into a piece of music.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars was a founding member of the Portsmouth Sinfonia, an orchestra whose membership consisted of performers who "embrace the full range of musical competence" — and who played popular classical works.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars's music is heard beneath monologues spoken by the Spanish artist Juan Muñoz, who talks about methods of cheating at card games.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars became dissatisfied with this when he saw a young bassist (later revealed to be Johnny Dyani) play in a manner that seemed to him to be artificial, and he became interested in composition instead.
Gavin Bryars : Born in Goole, in East Yorkshire, England, Bryars studied philosophy at Sheffield University but became a jazz bassist during his three years as a philosophy student.
Gavin Bryars : In one of the label's first three releases, Eno's album "Discreet Music", Bryars conducted and co-arranged "Three Variations on the Canon in D Major by Johann Pachelbel", which constitutes the second half of the album.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars founded the music department at Leicester Polytechnic (now De Montfort University), and was Professor of Music there for several years.
Gavin Bryars : Bryars's first compositions owe much to the New York School of John Cage (with whom he briefly studied), Morton Feldman, Earle Brown and minimalism.
Shavo Odadjian : ".
Shavo Odadjian : He also directed the Taproot video for the song, Mine.
Shavo Odadjian : He has directed a majority of the band's music videos, and is responsible for stage design and lighting for each of their live performances.
Shavo Odadjian : His usual style of playing bass is with a pick, although he also has been seen fingerpicking during certain songs.
Shavo Odadjian : Odadjian started a side project in May 2006 named AcHoZeN.
Shavo Odadjian : Odadjian plays bass in System of a Down, and also sings live backing vocals.
Shavo Odadjian : The band has stated that they also wanted their CDs to be placed in stores alongside their favorite band, Slayer.
Shavo Odadjian : They named themselves System of a Down, after a poem written by bandmate Daron Malakian entitled "Victims of a Down."
Shavo Odadjian : AcHoZeN is the musical alliance between Odadjian, Wu-Tang Clan founder RZA, Kinetic 9 (aka: Beretta 9 from Killarmy), and up-and-comer, the Reverend William Burke from Chicago.
Shavo Odadjian : He moved to Los Angeles at a very young age, and he attended the Alex Pilibos Elementary School in Los Angeles, an Armenian parochial school, along with future bandmates Daron Malakian and Serj Tankian, although they were not acquainted at the time due to a gap in their ages.
Shavo Odadjian : Among others, he credits Dead Kennedys, KISS, Slayer, The Beatles, and Black Sabbath as his favorite bands, and the most substantial influence on his musical development and career.
Shavo Odadjian : Shavarsh "Shavo" Odadjian (; born April 22, 1974) is an Armenian-American musician, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, music video director, and painter.
Shavo Odadjian : Stating himself to be a "very visual person," Odadjian has directed and edited extensive music videos for System of a Down, including Aerials, Toxicity, Question!
David Meyler : He has been a full international for the Republic of Ireland since 2012.
David Meyler : David John Meyler (born 29 May 1989) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, most recently for Reading, and the Republic of Ireland national team.
Frank Langella : He won his career fourth Tony Award for his performance.
Frank Langella : Langella was married to Ruth Weil from June 14, 1977 to their divorce in 1996.
Frank Langella : Frank A. Langella Jr. (; born January 1, 1938) is an American stage and film actor.
Frank Langella : Langella won his first Tony Award for his performance in Edward Albee's "Seascape" in 1975 and was nominated again for what may have been the performance for which he was best known in the early part of his career: the title role of the 1977 Broadway production of "Dracula".
Hannes Stefánsson : Born in 1972, Hannes won the World U16 Chess Championship in 1987.
Hannes Stefánsson : Hannes Hlífar Stefánsson (born 18 July 1972) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster.
Hannes Stefánsson : He won the Acropolis International in 1993 He tied for first to third in the Reykjavik open in 1994, together with Pigusov and Zvjagintsev and tied for 1st–4th with Hedinn Steingrimsson, Yuriy Kryvoruchko and Mihail Marin in the Reykjavik Open tournament 2009.
David Cronenberg : In 2002, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, and was promoted to Companion of the Order of Canada (the order's highest rank) in 2014.
David Cronenberg : Cronenberg's films follow a definite progression: a movement from the social world to the inner life.
David Cronenberg : "Rabid" was a breakthrough with international distributors, and his next two horror features gained stronger support.
David Cronenberg : In the later middle period, the scientist himself is altered by his experiment (e.g.
David Cronenberg : In the first third of his career he explored these themes mostly through horror and science fiction films such as "Scanners" (1981) and "Videodrome" (1983), although his work has since expanded beyond these genres.
David Cronenberg : He is one of the principal originators of what is commonly known as the body horror genre, with his films exploring visceral bodily transformation, infection, technology and the intertwining of the psychological with the physical.
David Cronenberg : He attended high school at Harbord Collegiate Institute and North Toronto Collegiate Institute.
David Cronenberg : His thriller "A History of Violence" (2005) is one of his highest budgeted and most accessible to date.
David Cronenberg : Similarly, in "Crash" (1996), people who have been injured in car crashes attempt to view their ordeal as "a fertilizing rather than a destructive event".
David Cronenberg : His later films tend more to the psychological, often contrasting subjective and objective realities ("Existenz", "M. Butterfly", "Spider").
David Cronenberg : He has said that the decision to direct it was influenced by his having had to defer some of his salary on the low-budgeted "Spider" (2002), but it was one of his most critically acclaimed films to date, along with "Eastern Promises" (2007), a film about the struggle of one man to gain power in the Russian Mafia.
David Cronenberg : At one stage he was considered by George Lucas as a possible director for "Return of the Jedi" (1983) but was passed over.
David Cronenberg : This trajectory culminates in "Dead Ringers" in which a twin pair of gynecologists spiral into codependency and drug addiction.
David Cronenberg : Cronenberg has also appeared as an actor in other directors' films.
David Cronenberg : David Paul Cronenberg (born March 15, 1943) is a Canadian filmmaker.
David Cronenberg : In his early films, scientists modify human bodies, which results in the breakdown of social order (e.g.
David Cronenberg : Filming for Cronenberg's next film, a satire drama entitled "Maps to the Stars" (2014)—with Julianne Moore, Mia Wasikowska, John Cusack, and Robert Pattinson—began on July 8, 2013 in Toronto, Ontario and Los Angeles.
David Cronenberg : Since "Dead Ringers" (1988), Cronenberg has worked with cinematographer Peter Suschitzky on each of his films (see List of film director and cinematographer collaborations).
David Cronenberg : Cronenberg has cited William S. Burroughs and Vladimir Nabokov as influences.
David Cronenberg : Most of his films have been at least partially financed by Telefilm Canada, and Cronenberg, a vocal supporter of government-backed film projects, has said: "Every country needs [a system of government grants] to have a national cinema in the face of Hollywood".
David Cronenberg : In 2005, Cronenberg publicly disagreed with Paul Haggis' choice of the same name for the latter's Oscar-winning film "Crash" (2004), arguing that it was "very disrespectful" to the "important and seminal" J.G.
David Cronenberg : He has not played major roles in any of his own films, but he did put in a brief appearance as a gynecologist in "The Fly"; he can also be glimpsed among the sex-crazed hordes in "Shivers"; he can be heard as an unseen car-pound attendant in "Crash"; his hands can be glimpsed in "eXistenZ" (1999); and he appeared as a stand-in for James Woods in "Videodrome" for shots in which Woods' character wore a helmet that covered his head.
David Cronenberg : Born in Toronto, Ontario, Cronenberg is the son of Esther ("née" Sumberg), a musician, and Milton Cronenberg, a writer and editor.
David Cronenberg : Most of his roles are cameo appearances, as in the films "Into the Night" (1985), "Blood and Donuts" (1995), "To Die For" (1995), and "Jason X" (2002) and the television series "Alias", but on occasion he has played major roles, as in "Nightbreed" (1990) and "Last Night" (1998).
David Cronenberg : Aside from "The Dead Zone" (1983) and "The Fly" (1986), Cronenberg has not generally worked within the world of big-budget, mainstream Hollywood filmmaking, although he has had occasional near misses.
David Cronenberg : Cronenberg also worked for nearly a year on a version of "Total Recall" (1990), but experienced "creative differences" with producers Dino De Laurentiis and Ronald Shusett; a different version of the film was eventually made by Paul Verhoeven.
David Cronenberg : Other regular collaborators include actor Robert Silverman, art director Carol Spier, sound editor Bryan Day, film editor Ronald Sanders, his sister, costume designer Denise Cronenberg, and, from 1979 until 1988, cinematographer Mark Irwin.
David Cronenberg : Suschitzky was the director of photography for "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), and Cronenberg remarked that Suschitzky's work in that film "was the only one of those movies that actually looked good", which was a motivating factor to work with him on "Dead Ringers".
David Cronenberg : In the late 1990s, Cronenberg was announced as director of a sequel to another Verhoeven film, "Basic Instinct" (1992), but this also fell through.
David Cronenberg : After two short sketch films and two short art-house features (the black-and-white "Stereo" and the colour "Crimes of the Future") Cronenberg went into partnership with Ivan Reitman.
David Cronenberg : He alternated his signature "body horror" films such as "Shivers" with projects reflecting his interest in car racing and bike gangs ("Fast Company").
David Cronenberg : Cronenberg has said that his films should be seen "from the point of view of the disease", and that in "Shivers", for example, he identifies with the characters "after" they become infected with the anarchic parasites.
Zlatko Saračević : In 1987 he moved to RK Medveščak from Zagreb.
Zlatko Saračević : Zlatan "Zlatko" Saračević (born 5 July 1961) is a Croatian former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for SFR Yugoslavia and in the 1996 Summer Olympics for Croatia.
Zlatko Saračević : Product of the prolific youth academy RK Borac Banja Luka, he was one of the greater Yugoslavian players of the early 80s, whose junior team won the world junior championship, defeating the then invincible Soviet Union in the final.
Zlatko Saračević : In 2000 he moved to Fotex Veszprém where he played for two seasons winning league and cup titles while reaching the EHF Champions League final.
Rimas Kurtinaitis : He is currently the head coach for Khimki.
Rimas Kurtinaitis : In the years 2002–2006, he took the position of head coach of the Azerbaijan national basketball team.
Laurent Robert : He played as a left winger, and represented the French national team.
Laurent Robert : He was also selected for the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Laurent Robert : In 2001, he joined English club Newcastle United for a fee of £9.5 million.
Laurent Robert : Laurent Robert (born 21 May 1975) is a French former professional footballer.
Laurent Robert : Robert appeared nine times for France, making his debut against Northern Ireland on 18 August 1999.
Laurent Robert : MLS side Toronto FC announced on 2 April 2008, that they had signed Robert to a contract.
Laurent Robert : Born in Saint-Benoît, Réunion, Robert started his career at Montpellier, before signing for Paris Saint-Germain in 1999, and became a full international that Summer.
Massimiliano Allegri : Massimiliano "Max" Allegri (; born 11 August 1967) is an Italian former professional football player and current manager, who most recently managed Juventus.
Massimiliano Allegri : On 16 July 2014, Allegri was appointed as the new head coach of Juventus, replacing Antonio Conte who had resigned the day before.
Massimiliano Allegri : On 13 January 2012, Allegri agreed to extend his contract with Milan to the end of 2013–14 season.
Stephen Smale : However, his sophomore and junior years were marred with mediocre grades, mostly Bs, Cs and even an F in nuclear physics.
Stephen Smale : Smale began his career as an instructor at the college at the University of Chicago.
Stephen Smale : Stephen Smale (born July 15, 1930) is an American mathematician, known for his research in topology, dynamical systems and mathematical economics.
Stephen Smale : It was only when the department chair, Hildebrandt, threatened to kick Smale out that he began to work hard.
Stephen Smale : Yet again, Smale performed poorly in his first years, earning a C average as a graduate student.
Stephen Smale : Initially, he was a good student, placing into an honors calculus sequence taught by Bob Thrall and earning himself A's.
Stephen Smale : However, with some luck, Smale was accepted as a graduate student at the University of Michigan's mathematics department.
Stephen Smale : Smale was born in Flint, Michigan and entered the University of Michigan in 1948.
Stephen Smale : Smale finally earned his Ph.D. in 1957, under Raoul Bott.
Stephen Smale : In 1960 Smale was appointed an associate professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley, moving to a professorship at Columbia University the following year.
Esteban Maroto : In the 1970s he started to be known in his own country when the magazine" Trinca (comic)" published "Alma de Dragón".
Esteban Maroto : In Italy, he worked for Sergio Bonelli Editore's series "Brendon".
Esteban Maroto : Esteban Maroto (born 1942) is a Spanish comic book artist.
Esteban Maroto : Maroto joined Warren Publishing in November 1971 when artists from the Spanish agency Selecciones Illustrada started appearing in their three horror magazines, "Creepy", "Eerie" and "Vampirella".
José Montilla : In the 1999 elections and again in 2003 he was re-elected with an absolute majority.
José Montilla : José Montilla Aguilera (born 15 January 1955 in Iznájar, Córdoba, Spain) is a Spanish politician who is currently a member of the Spanish Senate.
José Montilla : In 1999, he was appointed First Vice-president, and he was President of the Diputació from 1 July 2003.
José Montilla : His appointment in April 2004 as minister for Industry, Trade and Tourism meant he resigned all his posts in the local administration.
José Montilla : Having joined the Socialists' Party of Catalonia in 1978, two years later he became a member of the party's National Council.
José Montilla : He became a member of the Diputació de Barcelona (Provincial Council) in 1983 as Provincial Deputy for Public Works.
José Montilla : At the age of 25, he was appointed Deputy mayor for Local Taxation in Sant Joan Despí, where he was also the spokesman of the Socialist group on the council.
José Montilla : In 1987, he was appointed second vice-president of the Diputació and in 1991 he became delegate president for Agriculture and the Environment, a post to which he was appointed again in 1995.
José Montilla : He combined his work as minister with the post of First Secretary of the PSC and member of the Federal Executive of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
José Montilla : Subsequently, between 1985 and April 2004, he was mayor of Cornellà de Llobregat.
José Montilla : In 1988, after the creation of the Consells Comarcals (District Councils), he was elected president of the District Council of Baix Llobregat, a post he occupied until late 1997.
José Montilla : After the 2003 election to the Parliament of Catalonia and the constitution of the "Tripartite Government" of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia (PSC), Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC) and Iniciativa per Catalunya Verds (ICV) and his appointment as a central government minister in 2004, he became the PSC strong-man in the central government in Madrid, sitting in the national parliament as deputy for Barcelona district from 2004 to 2006.
José Montilla : After Pasqual Maragall announced that he would not stand again as candidate for president of the Generalitat de Catalunya, the National Committee of the PSC elected him as candidate for the presidency of Catalonia in the elections of 1 November 2006.
José Montilla : He became the First Secretary of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia on 18 June 2000, and a member of the Federal Executive Committee and the Federal Committee of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) on 23 July 2000.
José Montilla : He served as Minister of Industry, Tourism and Trade in the government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero from 18 April 2004 until 9 September 2006.
Nelson Cuevas : He then returned to Club América.
Nelson Cuevas : On 15 January 2009, he was released from his contract with Santos.
Nelson Cuevas : On 7 July he won the 2009 Apertura tournament with Universidad de Chile ending with 18 match played and 3 goals.
Nelson Cuevas : Nelson Rafael Cuevas Amarilla (; born 10 January 1980) is a Paraguayan former footballer and current singer.
Nelson Cuevas : Cuevas represented Paraguay at the 2002 World Cup, scoring two goals in Paraguay's final group match, a 3–1 win over Slovenia.
Nelson Cuevas : During the 2009 off-season Cuevas had trials at FC Twente (making his debut in a friendly match played in the Netherlands, which ended in victory against Borussia Mönchengladbach) and Hannover 96.
Daniel Estulin : Daniel Estulin (Vilnius, Lithuania, August 29, 1966) is a Lithuanian-born conspiracy theorist whose main interest is the Bilderberg Group, an annual invitation-only conference of the elites in the fields of business, finance, media, military and politics.
Pieter Weening : Pieter Weening (born 5 April 1981) is a Dutch road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team .
Pieter Weening : In August 2015, it was announced that Weening had signed for for the 2016 season.
Jon Lajoie : It premiered on March 5, 2010.
Jon Lajoie : He graduated from Dawson College's professional theatre program in 2002.
Jon Lajoie : Lajoie was born in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada and raised in the South Shore of Montreal, Quebec.
Jon Lajoie : His father is Québécois and his mother is English-Canadian, and he is the third of nine children.
Jon Lajoie : He has closed off his live shows with "Show Me Your Genitals".
Jon Lajoie : Since early 2003, Lajoie has portrayed an English-Canadian musician named Thomas Edison in Radio-Canada's French-Canadian sitcom "".
Jon Lajoie : Jonathan Lajoie ( ; born August 21, 1980) is a Canadian comedian, actor, rapper, singer, musician, and Internet celebrity from Montreal, Quebec.
Yordan Yovchev : He also won two World Championship Bronze medals in the all around (1999, 2001).
José Mujica : It also supports the strengthening of trade unions.
José Mujica : In all, he spent 13 years in captivity.
José Mujica : He has used a 1987 Volkswagen Beetle as a means of transportation.
José Mujica : The share of social expenditure in total public expenditure thus rose from 60.9% to 75.5% between 2004 and 2013.
José Mujica : During this period, the unemployment rate fell from 13% to 7%, the national poverty rate from 40% to 11% and the minimum wage was raised by 250%.
José Mujica : He was close to Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez, whom he considered to be "the most generous ruler I have ever known."
José Mujica : In 2011, he spoke out against the military operations launched by several Western countries against Libya.
José Mujica : Between the ages of 13 and 17, Mujica cycled for several clubs in different categories.
José Mujica : As the candidate of the Broad Front, he won the 2009 presidential election and took office as President on 1 March 2010.
José Mujica : According to the International Trade Union Confederation, Uruguay has become the most advanced country in the Americas in terms of respect for "fundamental labour rights, in particular freedom of association, the right to collective bargaining and the right to strike".
José Mujica : He has drawn worldwide attention for his lifestyle.
José Mujica : Mujica's father was a small farmer who went bankrupt shortly before his death in 1940, when his son was five.
José Mujica : In 1985, when constitutional democracy was restored, Mujica was freed under an amnesty law that covered political and related military crimes committed since 1962.
José Mujica : Several years after the restoration of democracy, Mujica and many Tupamaros joined other left-wing organisations to create the Movement of Popular Participation, a political party that was accepted within the Broad Front coalition.
José Mujica : He held this position until a cabinet change in 2008, when he resigned and was replaced by Ernesto Agazzi.
José Mujica : In the 1994 general elections, Mujica was elected deputy and in the elections of 1999 he was elected senator.
José Mujica : In the elections of that year, Mujica was re-elected to the Senate, and the MPP obtained over 300,000 votes, thus consolidating its position as the top political force within the coalition and a major force behind the victory of presidential candidate Tabaré Vázquez.
José Mujica : In 2005, Mujica married Lucía Topolansky, a fellow former Tupamaros member, senator and current vice-president, after many years living together.
José Mujica : The film won the Golden Pyramid Award at the 40th Cairo International Film Festival.
José Mujica : Lucy Cordano was born in Carmelo, where her parents had bought in Colonia Jose to cultivate vineyards.
José Mujica : They have no children and live on a farm owned by Lucía in the outskirts of Montevideo, where they cultivate chrysanthemums for sale, having declined to live in the presidential palace or to use its staff.
José Mujica : It premiered in official selection at the 75th Venice International Film Festival, and it was selected as the Uruguayan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 91st Academy Awards.
José Mujica : During the last months of 2013, the Serbian film director Emir Kusturica started shooting a documentary on the life of Mujica, "El Pepe, una vida suprema" released in 2018, whom he considers "the last hero of politics".
José Mujica : On 1 March 2005, President Tabaré Vázquez designated Mujica as the Minister of Livestock, Agriculture and Fisheries (Mujica's own professional background was in the agricultural sector).
José Mujica : José Alberto "Pepe" Mujica Cordano (; born 20 May 1935) is a Uruguayan politician who served as the 40th President of Uruguay from 2010 to 2015.
José Mujica : A member of the Broad Front coalition of left-wing parties, Mujica was Minister of Livestock, Agriculture, and Fisheries from 2005 to 2008 and a Senator afterwards.
José Mujica : On 14 December 2008, The Extraordinary Congress "Zelmar Michelini" (a party convention) proclaimed Mujica as the official candidate of the Broad Front for primary elections of 2009, but four more precandidates were allowed to participate, including Astori.
Dominique de Villepin : Villepin was born in Rabat, Morocco, and spent some time in Venezuela, where his family lived for four years.
Dominique de Villepin : Villepin was introduced to Jacques Chirac in the early 1980s and became one of his advisers on foreign policy.
Dominique de Villepin : The operation was allegedly intended to justify a response operation against the Laurent Gbagbo government in the context of the 2004 crisis in Ivory Coast.
Dominique de Villepin : These former ministers are suspected of having allowed the exfiltration of the mercenaries responsible for the attack on the Bouaké camp in 2004, killing nine French soldiers.
Dominique de Villepin : In 2016, the French investigating judge Sabine Kheris requested that the case be referred to the Court of Justice of the Republic Dominique de Villepin, Michel Barnier and Michèle Alliot-Marie.
Dominique de Villepin : He was replaced two days later by François Fillon.
Jacob Zuma : The incident led to a heated dispute when it was discussed in Parliament.
Jacob Zuma : He received no formal schooling.
Jacob Zuma : His father was a policeman, who died when Zuma was five, and his mother was a domestic worker.
Jacob Zuma : In 2012 "The Daily Telegraph" estimated Zuma to have 20 children, whereas "The Guardian" in 2014 stated he had 21.
Jacob Zuma : He was charged with rape in 2005, but was acquitted.
Jacob Zuma : Jacob Zuma is a polygamist who has been married six times.
Jacob Zuma : His middle name, Gedleyihlekisa, means "one who smiles while causing you harm" in Zulu.
Jacob Zuma : On 28 December 2007, the Scorpions served Zuma an indictment to stand trial in the High Court on various counts of racketeering, money laundering, corruption and fraud.
Jacob Zuma : He became an active member of Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1962, following the South African government's banning of the ANC the previous year.
Jacob Zuma : He has fought a long legal battle over allegations of racketeering and corruption, resulting from his financial advisor Schabir Shaik's conviction for corruption and fraud.
Jacob Zuma : Zuma was born in Nkandla, Natal Province (now part of the province of KwaZulu-Natal).
Jacob Zuma : Zuma began engaging in politics at an early age, and joined the African National Congress (ANC) in 1959.
Jacob Zuma : Following the end of the ban on the ANC in February 1990, Zuma was one of the first ANC leaders to return to South Africa to begin the process of negotiations.
Jacob Zuma : Convicted of conspiring to overthrow the apartheid government, a government led by the white minority, Zuma was sentenced to ten years imprisonment, which he served on Robben Island with Nelson Mandela and other notable ANC leaders also imprisoned during this time.
Jacob Zuma : Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma (; born 12 April 1942) is a South African politician who served as the fourth President of South Africa from the 2009 general election until his resignation on 14 February 2018.
Jacob Zuma : With then-incumbent ANC- and South African President Thabo Mbeki as his opposition, Zuma was elected President of the ANC on 18 December 2007 with 2,329 votes, beating Mbeki's 1,505 votes.
Jacob Zuma : On 14 June 2005, President Thabo Mbeki removed Zuma from his post as Deputy President due to allegations of corruption and fraud related to the $5-billion weapons acquisition deal by the South African government in 1999.
Jacob Zuma : In 1990, he was elected Chairperson of the ANC for the Southern Natal region, and took a leading role in fighting political violence in the region between members of the ANC and the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP).
Jacob Zuma : After the 1994 general election, with the ANC becoming a governing party but having lost KwaZulu-Natal province to the IFP, he was appointed as Member of the Executive Committee (MEC) of Economic Affairs and Tourism for the KwaZulu-Natal provincial government.
Jacob Zuma : The ANC announced that the party's deputy president, Kgalema Motlanthe, would become president until 2009 general elections, after which it was intended that Zuma would become president.
Jacob Zuma : He also served as Deputy Chief Representative of the ANC in Mozambique, a post he occupied until the signing of the Nkomati Accord between the Mozambican and South African governments in 1984.
Jacob Zuma : He was elected Deputy President of the ANC at the National Conference held at Mafikeng in December 1997, and he was subsequently appointed executive Deputy President of South Africa in June 1999.
Jacob Zuma : In December 1994, he was elected National Chairperson of the ANC and chairperson of the ANC in KwaZulu-Natal, and was re-elected to the latter position in 1996.
Jacopo Guarnieri : In September 2014 it was announced that Guarnieri would join from 2015 on a two-year contract, with the team's general manager Viatcheslav Ekimov emphasising Guarnieri's role as part of the lead-out train for Alexander Kristoff.
Javi Varas : On 19 February 2019, Varas joined SD Huesca for the remainder of the top-flight campaign.
Javi Varas : Javier 'Javi' Varas Herrera (born 10 September 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SD Huesca.
Javi Varas : On 25 August 2014, Varas joined Real Valladolid in a one-year contract.
Rafael Antonio Niño : He earned the nickname El Niño de Cucaita.
Rafael Antonio Niño : After one year as a professional he returned to Colombia and set up the Banco Cafetero team of which he was the undisputed leader.
Rafael Antonio Niño : Rafael Antonio Niño Munévar (born December 11, 1949 in Cucaita, Boyaca, Colombia) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist.
Rafael Antonio Niño : After he retired he became a technical director of the Colombia professional cycling team that disputed the Tour de France during the 1980s, Café de Colombia.
Rafael Antonio Niño : With this strong team he dominated the Vuelta a Colombia and the Clásico RCN during the 1970s.
Walter Gilbert : He is a co-founder of the biotech start-up companies Biogen and Myriad Genetics, and was the first chairman on their respective boards of directors.
Walter Gilbert : In 1986, Gilbert proposed the RNA world hypothesis for the origin of life, based on a concept first proposed by Carl Woese in 1967.
Walter Gilbert : Gilbert and Sanger were recognized for their pioneering work in devising methods for determining the sequence of nucleotides in a nucleic acid.
Walter Gilbert : Gilbert was awarded the 1980 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, shared with Frederick Sanger and Paul Berg.
Walter Gilbert : Walter Gilbert (born March 21, 1932) is an American biochemist, physicist, molecular biology pioneer, and Nobel laureate.
Marty Friedman : Friedman further developed his style of playing exotic scale solos from the Cacophony era, and integrated it into the music of Megadeth.
Marty Friedman : Friedman formed and played lead guitar in several other bands, including Deuce, Hawaii (which had previously been called Vixen), and notably Cacophony.
Marty Friedman : As a right-handed guitarist, Friedman has an unorthodox picking technique; the angle in which his hand is clenched goes against the conventional palm mute frequently used by right-handed players in metal music.
Marty Friedman : On January 4, 2014, Friedman took part in New Japan Pro Wrestling's Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome event, playing Hiroshi Tanahashi to the arena.
Marty Friedman : In July 1992, Megadeth released "Countdown to Extinction", which was a more commercial album, aimed at a wider audience, and sold double platinum.
Marty Friedman : Marty Friedman appears on Japanese television and is also a contributing columnist to Japanese music magazines and national newspapers.
Marty Friedman : The first album he recorded with them was "Rust in Peace" which was released on September 24, 1990.
Marty Friedman : Cacophony featured neoclassical metal elements and synchronized twin guitar harmonies and counterpoints shared with guitarist Jason Becker.
Marty Friedman : In November~December 2005 he toured with singer Ami Suzuki on her "Suzuki Ami Around the World" live house tour, which took place in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya.
Marty Friedman : Friedman was featured on "Jukebox", a television program in which Marty and two Japanese people translate the lyrics of various English songs into understandable Japanese.
Marty Friedman : Martin Adam "Marty" Friedman (born December 8, 1962) is an American guitarist, known for his tenure as the lead guitarist for heavy metal band Megadeth which spanned nearly the full decade of the 1990s.
Marty Friedman : Friedman played on Megadeth's further releases "Youthanasia" (1994), "Cryptic Writings" (1997), and "Risk" (1999).
Marty Friedman : In 2009, Friedman collaborated with Ema Gelotte and Tinna Karlsdotter from "All Ends" as the lead guitarist for the song "With Me" which was featured in the game, Sonic and the Black Knight.
Marty Friedman : When Cacophony disbanded in 1989, Friedman auditioned for the thrash metal band Megadeth after a tip from his friend Bob Nalbandian, Friedman officially joined Megadeth in February 1990.
Marty Friedman : Friedman is known for his improvisation and for fusing Eastern musical with Western music and other styles, such as neoclassical, thrash metal and later progressive rock.
Marty Friedman : Speaking Japanese, he became a regular member of the cast of TXN's musical TV program "Hebimeta-san" (ヘビメタさん) (anglicized as "Mr. Heavy-Metal") with Japanese idol Yoko Kumada until the show came to an end in 2005.
Marty Friedman : Friedman has resided in Tokyo, Japan since 2003, where he has appeared on over 700 Japanese television programs such as "Rock Fujiyama", "Hebimeta-san", "Kouhaku uta gassen" and "Jukebox English".
Zlatko Dalić : He finished his career in 2000 at Varteks.
Zlatko Dalić : Croatia again won through a penalty shootout against hosts Russia in the quarter-finals, setting up a semi-final tie against England.
Zlatko Dalić : During his time as a player, Dalić played for a number of clubs.
Zlatko Dalić : The victory led Croatia to a spot in the knockout stage for the first time since the 1998 FIFA World Cup, in which they finished third place.
Zlatko Dalić : Following this, Dalić officially signed a contract with the Croatian Football Federation, running until 30 July 2020, and would reportedly earn around €500k per year.
Zlatko Dalić : The club also reached the 2016 AFC Champions League final, ultimately losing 2–3 to Jeonbuk Motors.
Zlatko Dalić : On 21 June, Croatia overwhelmed football heavyweights Argentina, winning by a scoreline of 3–0, with Ante Rebić, Luka Modrić and Ivan Rakitić scoring the goals.
Zlatko Dalić : Upon arriving, Dalić announced that he would only remain head coach if Croatia qualifies for the 2018 FIFA World Cup and that the HNS would decide his future if Croatia miss out on qualifying for the finals.
Zlatko Dalić : On 16 June 2018, Croatia won their opening match of the 2018 World Cup, beating Nigeria by a scoreline of 2–0.
Zlatko Dalić : On 19 October, Dalić named Ivica Olić, former Croatia international player, as his assistant manager.
Zlatko Dalić : On 26 June, Croatia topped their group with maximum points following a 2–1 win over Iceland, and drew Denmark in the round of sixteen, advancing after a penalty shootout.
Zlatko Dalić : On 11 July, Croatia beat England 2–1, advancing to the final, where they lost 4–2 to France on 15 July 2018.
Zlatko Dalić : On 7 October 2017, following the sacking of Ante Čačić due to a series of poor results, the Croatian Football Federation named Dalić as the head coach of the Croatia national football team.
Zlatko Dalić : Zlatko Dalić (; born 26 October 1966) is a Croatian football manager and former footballer who is the manager of the Croatia national team.
Zlatko Dalić : On 9 October, Dalić led Croatia to a 2–0 win over Ukraine in 2018 World Cup qualifying, which also secured second place in their group, and a place in the play-off round.
Zlatko Dalić : In the return leg, on 12 November, Croatia drew with Greece 0–0, but won 4–1 on aggregate, thus securing a place in the World Cup finals.
Boško Gjurovski : Boško Gjurovski (; born 28 December 1961) is a former Yugoslav and Macedonian football midfielder.
Edu Oriol : Eduard "Edu" Oriol Gràcia (born 5 November 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Sanluqueño CF as a winger.
Edu Oriol : Oriol's twin brother, Joan, was also a footballer.
Edu Oriol : In the 2008–09 season, still in his native region, he competed in the third division with UE Sant Andreu.
Edu Oriol : In late November 2017 the 31-year-old signed with amateurs UD Ibiza, leaving at the end of the season.
Richard Petty : 1967 was a milestone year.
Richard Petty : One of the 27 victories was the Southern 500 at Darlington, which would be his only Southern 500 victory.
Richard Petty : Petty also played himself in the 2008 film "Swing Vote", where he commends the film's protagonist by allowing him to briefly drive his famous "43" Plymouth.
Richard Petty : He began his NASCAR career on July 18, 1958, 16 days after his 21st birthday.
Richard Petty : In 1996, he was the Republican nominee for North Carolina Secretary of State, but was defeated by State Senator Elaine Marshall in the general election.
Richard Petty : The family resides in Petty's home town of Level Cross, North Carolina and operates Richard Petty Motorsports.
Shalom Auslander : He lived in Teaneck, New Jersey.
Shalom Auslander : He has also written for Esquire Magazine, Gentlemen's Quarterly, The New York Times and many others.
Apoño : Antonio Galdeano Benítez (born 13 February 1984), known as Apoño, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Apoño : In July 2007, Apoño joined Segunda División side Málaga CF – after having emerged through their youth system– also in his native region, being an instrumental figure in their return to La Liga after a two-year absence.
Apoño : He was brought in as the club was coached by Juan Ramón López Muñiz, who had briefly managed the player at Marbella.
Apoño : Born in Málaga, Apoño began his career with local UD San Pedro and, for the 2004–05 season, moved to Andalusia neighbours UD Marbella in Segunda División B, where he would remain three years.
Ramón Puerta : He retired from the Senate in 2005.
Ramón Puerta : He attended the Universidad Católica Argentina in Buenos Aires and qualified as a civil engineer.
Ramón Puerta : In 1991 he was elected Governor of Misiones Province, re-elected in 1995 and served until 1999.
Ramón Puerta : However, he entered the family business of the cultivation of yerba maté, and became a successful businessman and millionaire.
Ramón Puerta : A week after giving up the presidency, Puerta resigned as leader of the Senate in order to avoid retaking the presidency, following a second institutional crisis.
Ramón Puerta : Puerta was elected a national deputy for Misiones in 1987.
Ramón Puerta : Federico Ramón Puerta (born September 9, 1951) is an Argentine Peronist politician who has served as a governor, senator and national deputy and effectively acted as President of Argentina during 2001.
William Regal : ".
William Regal : He has a tattoo on his left leg which says "Made in England" and a rose with his wife's name on his left arm.
William Regal : He once quipped that he owns so many pets because "humans disgust me".
William Regal : His pets include two snakes, eight lizards, a tortoise, three cats and two dogs.
William Regal : In March 2011, Regal became the color commentator for the fifth season of "NXT".
William Regal : Regal got a rematch, but lost the match.
William Regal : Two weeks later, they teamed up on "SmackDown!"
William Regal : In 1991 he received a tryout match with the World Wrestling Federation.
William Regal : He referred to being dressed as a buxom wench for a pirate, the aforementioned locker room incident with Vito and being knighted by a false king as examples.
William Regal : Regal then began a feud with The Godfather, but he was taken off television soon after before subsequently checking into rehab in January 1999 and was released from the WWF in April.
William Regal : Nothing came of this challenge as neither the First Family or the Blue Bloods were featured on the Road Wild card.
William Regal : They have three sons: Daniel, Bailey and Dane.
William Regal : However, the team was quickly put into jeopardy in their second match together when Taylor suffered a torn meniscus in his left knee, leaving him injured.
William Regal : On 9 February 1998 episode of "Nitro", Regal faced and lost to Goldberg in which he appeared more aggressive and stiff than expected with the then-rising star.
William Regal : Taylor took a more relaxed role for a couple of weeks as a corner man for Regal and only wrestled in a few short house show matches.
William Regal : Twelve days after No Mercy, Regal stated that while he had once been one of the world's greatest wrestlers, he had since become a doormat for other SmackDown wrestlers.
William Regal : Despite outside help from Finlay and Taylor, Regal was unable to pick up the win.
William Regal : Though the pair reformed their previous tag team, they did not reuse the Blue Bloods gimmick and instead portrayed themselves as sadistic fighters.
William Regal : His official pay-per-view return took place during Bash at the Beach, where he was one of many participants in the first Hardcore Invitational.
William Regal : On "NXT", Regal began a feud with rookie Jacob Novak after Novak taunted him as old and washed up.
William Regal : Regal formed the team The Blue Bloods with Eaton and was involved in humorous vignettes where he tried to teach Eaton the finer points of dining and the proper usage of the Queen's English.
William Regal : However, during this time he also feuded with Finlay for the United States Championship.
William Regal : It was rumoured that WCW management was upset with Regal because even though he did job to Goldberg as expected, he was supposed to lose to Goldberg in a short match, like most of Goldberg's other competitors at the time, as opposed to actually keeping the match competitive.
William Regal : After announcing he was finished being a whipping boy, he introduced his old tag team partner Dave Taylor and the two went on to easily defeat the team of Scotty 2 Hotty and Funaki.
William Regal : During the broadcast, Regal was involved in a backstage segment with Vito in which he accidentally exposed his penis for a brief second.
William Regal : Matthews is also known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the ring name Steven Regal.
William Regal : Regal also toured WCW's working partner New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) on 16 April, where he unsuccessfully challenged Shinya Hashimoto for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship.
William Regal : Regal was traded to the ECW brand on 29 June.
William Regal : After checking out of rehab, Matthews was invited back into the wrestling world, making a somewhat brief return to WCW as "Lord Steven Regal".
William Regal : In July 2014, Regal was revealed as the new General Manager of NXT.
William Regal : On 6 August episode of "Raw", Regal became the new general manager after winning an over the top rope battle royal featuring other participants from the Raw roster.
William Regal : A few weeks later, Regal lost a Loser Gets Fired match to Mr. Kennedy, after which Regal was kayfabe forced to leave WWE.
William Regal : As a member of the Court, Regal helped Booker in his feud against Bobby Lashley, occasionally teaming up with fellow Court member Finlay in tag team matches.
William Regal : Regal was knighted by King Booker and was given the title of "Sir".
William Regal : On 17 June, Regal was drafted back to the Raw brand during the supplemental draft, ending his tag team with Dave Taylor.
William Regal : He renamed him "Earl" Robert Eaton.
William Regal : Regal lost to the wrestling legend Antonio Inoki on 28 August "Clash of the Champions XXVIII".
William Regal : The following night on "Nitro", Regal, accompanied by both Fit Finlay and Dave Taylor, fought Billy Kidman.
William Regal : Two weeks later, he faced Mikey Whipwreck, but Jimmy Hart's First Family came out to challenge The Blue Bloods at Road Wild for the Hardcore Trophy, causing Regal to lose the match.
William Regal : Regal continued to wrestle in a lower mid-card status, the highlight of which saw him facing the United States Champion John "Bradshaw" Layfield in a losing effort while in England.
William Regal : Two weeks later, Graves, Neville and Regal faced The Wyatt Family with Bray Wyatt pinning Regal.
William Regal : At Extreme Rules, Regal unsuccessfully challenged Kofi Kingston for the United States Championship along with Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Matt Hardy, Kofi Kingston retained the United States Championship by pinning Regal.
William Regal : Darren Kenneth Matthews (born 10 May 1968) is an English professional wrestling trainer, manager, and retired professional wrestler.
William Regal : Regal's initial appearance in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) was on 29 June 1998 episode of "Raw Is War" in which he defeated Droz via submission with the "Regal Stretch".
William Regal : The following week, Regal won the 2008 King of the Ring tournament on a special three-hour "Raw", where he defeated Hornswoggle, Finlay and CM Punk all by submission, becoming the first man to make Punk submit.
William Regal : Regal was featured on 6 November episode of "SmackDown" in Birmingham, England in which Regal teamed with Sheamus in a loss to Big Show and Wade Barrett and later on 12 November episode of "Raw" he lost to Big Show.
William Regal : Soon after Booker T became King Booker after becoming King of the Ring, Regal joined King Booker's Court by playing the role of a town crier.
William Regal : In late February 2000, Regal lost a career vs. career match against Jim Duggan on "Saturday Night" for the World Television Championship, which was done in order to explain Regal's release from the company.
William Regal : Due to this, Stephanie McMahon awarded Punk a rematch the following week, with the stipulation that if Regal was disqualified, he would lose the Intercontinental title, but this time Punk was disqualified.
William Regal : However, at New Year's Revolution on 9 January 2005, Eugene injured himself during their tag title defence against Christian and Tyson Tomko.
William Regal : Taylor quickly healed from his injury and the pair feuded with the WWE Tag Team Champions Paul London and Brian Kendrick.
William Regal : After he made his full-time debut in October 1998, he faced X-Pac in the opening round of the tournament for the vacant WWF Championship at Survivor Series, ending in a double countout and thus eliminating both men from the tournament.
William Regal : On 5 January 2009 episode of "Raw", Regal lost to Punk via disqualification after he grabbed the referee's shirt.
William Regal : At No Mercy, Regal lost to a returning Chris Benoit, resulting in him turning his back on the Court afterwards by knocking down King Booker with a punch to the face after Booker slapped him and called him useless.
William Regal : In his first match on "ECW on Syfy" the following night, he teamed with Vladimir Kozlov to defeat Tommy Dreamer and Christian.
William Regal : On 26 June episode of "NXT," Regal tried to help Ohno, Adrian Neville and Corey Graves from a joint assault by The Wyatt Family, Garrett Dylan and Scott Dawson, but was overwhelmed.
William Regal : On the final episode of "ECW" on 16 February 2010, Regal helped Jackson defeating Christian in an Extreme Rules match to become the final ECW Champion.
William Regal : After defeating London and Kendrick on several occasions, at Armageddon they took part in a four-way ladder match alongside Johnny Nitro and Joey Mercury and The Hardys.
William Regal : In September, Regal teamed with Chris Benoit to defeat Evolution members Batista and Ric Flair at Unforgiven.
Fabrice Hadjadj : They have four daughters and two sons.
Fabrice Hadjadj : He is married to the actress Siffreine Michel.
Fabrice Hadjadj : His book "Réussir sa mort: Anti-méthode pour vivre", won the Grand prix catholique de littérature in 2006.
Fabrice Hadjadj : In his teens he was an atheist and anarchist, and he maintained a nihilistic attitude for most of his twenties until, in 1998, he converted to Catholicism.
Fabrice Hadjadj : In 2014, Hadjadj was nominated as member of the Pontifical Council for the Laity.
Fabrice Hadjadj : Currently Hadjadj teaches philosophy and literature in Toulon.
Gene Hackman : He has one brother, Richard.
Gene Hackman : This opened the door to film work.
Gene Hackman : Following his discharge in 1951, he moved to New York and had several jobs.
Gene Hackman : In 1991 he married Betsy Arakawa.
Gene Hackman : They have a home in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Gene Hackman : It was there that he forged a friendship with another aspiring actor, Dustin Hoffman.
Gene Hackman : On July 7, 2004, Hackman gave a rare interview to Larry King, where he announced that he had no future film projects lined up and believed his acting career was over.
Gene Hackman : They had three children: Christopher Allen, Elizabeth Jean, and Leslie Anne Hackman.
Gene Hackman : Hackman was born in San Bernardino, California, the son of Eugene Ezra Hackman and Anna Lyda Elizabeth (née Gray).
Gene Hackman : His family moved frequently, finally settling in Danville, Illinois, where they lived in the house of his English-born maternal grandmother, Beatrice.
Gene Hackman : His other nominations for Best Supporting Actor came with the films "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967) and "I Never Sang for My Father" (1970), with a second Best Actor nomination for "Mississippi Burning" (1988).
Gene Hackman : His first role was in "Lilith", with Warren Beatty in the leading role.
Gene Hackman : Together with undersea archaeologist Daniel Lenihan, Hackman has written three historical fiction novels: "Wake of the Perdido Star" (1999), a sea adventure of the 19th century; "Justice for None" (2004), a Depression-era tale of murder; and "Escape from Andersonville" (2008) about a prison escape during the American Civil War.
Pascal Lino : Pascal Lino (born 13 August 1966) is a French former road racing cyclist.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : He was renowned for his physical power, pace, and his winning mentality.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : He played nine seasons with the "Rossoneri", obtaining several successes both at the national and European level.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : He was one of the first successful German footballers abroad.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : Today Schnellinger still lives in Milan's suburb of Segrate and works as a businessman.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : Karl-Heinz Schnellinger (born 31 March 1939) is a former German footballer who played as a defender.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : He participated in his first 1958 World Cup in Sweden at the age of 19, and went on to become one of the few players to play in 4 World Cups (1958, 1962, 1966, 1970).
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : His only international goal came in the last minute to draw 1–1 in the thrilling semi-final of the 1970 World Cup against Italy, which later became known as the "Game of the Century".
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : FC Köln in 1962, and was awarded the (German Footballer of the Year), performed superb in the World Cup and was subsequently named in the World Cup Dream-Team 11.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : FC Köln for A.C. Mantova, in a match against A.C. Milan which ended in a surprising 4–1 victory for A.C. Mantova.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : However, he played there only for one season, and was signed by A.S. Roma in 1964 when they won the Coppa Italia, and finally by A.C. Milan in 1965.
Karl-Heinz Schnellinger : Schnellinger left A.C. Milan in 1974, and retired after a season back in his native Germany for Tennis Borussia Berlin.
Jerry Bruckheimer : His productions collected the following:
Jerry Bruckheimer : Jerome Leon Bruckheimer (born September 21, 1943) is an American film and television producer.
Jacques Chirac : Elected in 1979.
Jacques Chirac : The result was a victory for the No campaign, with 55 percent of voters rejecting the treaty on a turnout of 69 percent, dealing a devastating blow to Chirac and the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) party, and to part of the centre-left which had supported the TCE.
Jacques Chirac : Chirac died at his home in Paris on 26 September 2019, surrounded by his family.
Jacques Chirac : In 1956, Chirac married Bernadette Chodron de Courcel, with whom he had two daughters: (4 March 195814 April 2016) and Claude (born 6 December 1962).
Jacques Chirac : In April 1962, Chirac was appointed head of the personal staff of Prime Minister Georges Pompidou.
Jacques Chirac : On 29 May 2005, a referendum was held in France to decide whether the country should ratify the proposed treaty for a Constitution of the European Union (TCE).
Jacques Chirac : At Pompidou's suggestion, Chirac ran as a Gaullist for a seat in the National Assembly in 1967.
Jacques Chirac : On 7 March 2011, he went on trial on charges of diverting public funds, accused of giving fictional city jobs to twenty-eight activists from his political party while serving as the mayor of Paris (1977–95).
Jacques Chirac : Jacques René Chirac ( , , ; 29 November 1932 – 26 September 2019) was a French politician who served as President of France and "ex officio" Co-Prince of Andorra from 1995 to 2007.
Jacques Chirac : In 2011, the Paris court declared Chirac guilty of diverting public funds and abusing public confidence, giving him a two-year suspended prison sentence.
Jacques Chirac : On 14 July 2002, during Bastille Day celebrations, Chirac survived an assassination attempt by a lone gunman with a rifle hidden in a guitar case.
Emanuel Ax : Ax began to study piano at the age of six; his father was his first piano teacher.
Emanuel Ax : In 1961 the family moved to New York City and Ax continued his studies at the Juilliard School under Mieczysław Munz.
Emanuel Ax : Emanuel Ax (born 8 June 1949) is a Grammy-winning American classical pianist.
Emanuel Ax : Ax lives in New York City with his wife, pianist Yoko Nozaki, and has two children, Joey and Sarah.
Emanuel Ax : Ax also played quartets briefly with Ma and violinists Isaac Stern and Jaime Laredo.
Emanuel Ax : He also performs works by such diverse figures as Michael Tippett, Hans Werner Henze, Joseph Schwantner and Paul Hindemith, as well as more traditional composers such as Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, and Chopin.
Emanuel Ax : Before the quartet disbanded in 2001 due to the death of Stern, they recorded works for Sony by Brahms, Fauré, Beethoven, Schumann and Mozart.
Martin O'Neill : He was capped 64 times for the Northern Ireland national football team, also captaining the side at the 1982 World Cup.
Martin O'Neill : Despite never completing his degree, O'Neill remains an avid follower of criminology.
Martin O'Neill : O'Neill was introduced as the Aston Villa manager at a press conference on 4 August 2006.
Martin O'Neill : Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill, (born 1 March 1952) is a Northern Irish professional football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.
Martin O'Neill : It was announced on 15 January 2019 that O'Neill had become the manager of Nottingham Forest.
Martin O'Neill : As Celtic manager between 2000 and 2005, he led that club to three Scottish Premier League titles and the 2003 UEFA Cup Final.
José Chamot : José Antonio Chamot (born 17 May 1969) is a retired Argentine footballer and current manager who played as a full-back, mainly on the left flank but occasionally also on the right and, very rarely, as a centre-back.
José Chamot : He was also part of the Argentina team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, as one of the three overaged players (older than 23) allowed for every squad.
José Chamot : In June 2011, be was appointed as assistant manager under Matías Almeyda at River Plate.
José Chamot : From July 2009 to March 2010, Chamot was the assistant manager of Rosario Central.
José Chamot : Born in Concepción del Uruguay, Chamot began his career with Rosario Central in his native Argentina, and then moved to Italy, where he played for Pisa (1991–93), Foggia (1993–94) and Lazio (1994–98).
Luis Racionero : He writes both in Catalan and in Spanish.
Luis Racionero : He has worked with newspapers including "El País", "La Vanguardia".
Luis Racionero : He was director of Spain's national library and of the Spanish College ("Colegio de España") in Paris.
Luis Racionero : Luis Racionero i Grau (born 1940, la Seu d'Urgell, Lleida, Spain) is a Spanish essayist.
Luis Racionero : He studied engineering and economics at the University of Barcelona and urban studies at the University of California Berkeley.
Rune Bratseth : Rune Bratseth (born 19 March 1961) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a sweeper.
Christoph Sauser : Christoph Sauser (born April 13, 1976 in Sigriswil, Switzerland) is a cross-country mountain biker who won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Christoph Sauser : He won first place in the 2008 Mountain Bike World Championships, came second in the 2005 edition, and third in 2001.
Henk Lubberding : Henk Lubberding (born 4 August 1953 in Voorst) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer.
Henk Lubberding : He won two more stages in the Tour de France and wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification in 1988.
Henk Lubberding : After team leader Hennie Kuiper left, Lubberding and Paul Wellens became co-leaders and Lubberding performed well throughout 1979 with high placings in Paris–Nice, the Amstel Gold Race, Gent–Wevelgem, Tour de Romandie, Rund um den Henninger-Turm and the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré.
Ryan Babel : Ryan Guno Babel (; born 19 December 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Süper Lig club Galatasaray and the Netherlands national team.
Ryan Babel : On 10 July 2007 it was reported that Liverpool had made a £14 million offer to the Amsterdam club.
Ryan Babel : In June 2007, Babel was part of the Netherlands under-21 team competing in the UEFA Under-21 Championship, being held in the Netherlands.
Ryan Babel : Playing as a striker, on 1 February 2004, just one and a half months after his 17th birthday, Babel made his first-team debut in Ajax's 4–0 home win over ADO Den Haag in the Eredivisie.
David Grossman : Grossman studied philosophy and theater at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
David Grossman : His books have been translated into more than 30 languages, and have won numerous prizes.
David Grossman : Yehoshua held a press conference at which they strongly urged the government to agree to a ceasefire that would create the basis for a negotiated solution, saying: "We had a right to go to war.
David Grossman : Grossman is an outspoken left-wing peace activist.
David Grossman : Initially supportive of Israel's action during the 2006 Lebanon War on the grounds of self-defense, on August 10, 2006, he and fellow authors Amos Oz and A.B.
David Grossman : Two days later, Grossman's 20-year-old son Uri, a Staff Sergeant in the 401st Armored Brigade, was killed in southern Lebanon when his tank was hit by an anti-tank missile shortly before the ceasefire came into effect.
David Grossman : David Grossman (; born January 25, 1954) is an Israeli author.
David Grossman : They had three children, Yonatan, Ruthi, and Uri.
Bruce Abbott : Bruce Paul Abbott (born July 28, 1954) is an American film, stage, and television actor.
Bruce Abbott : He appeared in the horror sequel "The Prophecy II" (1996), with Christopher Walken and Brittany Murphy.
Alberto Botía : Botía was also regularly played in 2015–16, under new manager Marco Silva.
Alberto Botía : Alberto Tomás Botía Rabasco (; born 27 January 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Saudi Arabian club Al-Wehda Club.
Alberto Botía : On 7 February 2007, Botía was summoned for the Spanish under-19 team, being an unused squad member at the "XXXIII International Atlantic Cup".
Reid Hoffman : It was a social network 7 or 8 years before that became a trend."
Reid Hoffman : and 'who should we be, as individuals and a society?'
Reid Hoffman : Though that diminishes his role because there were many, many fires."
Reid Hoffman : It's about holding up a lens to society and asking 'who are we?'
Reid Hoffman : Users can invite anyone (whether a site user or not) to become a connection.
Reid Hoffman : But I realised academics write books that 50 or 60 people read and I wanted more impact."
Reid Hoffman : It became both a "New York Times" and "Wall Street Journal" bestseller.
Reid Hoffman : He became executive chairman in June 2009.
Reid Hoffman : As of September 2012 it had sold more than 100,000 copies.
Reid Hoffman : eWorld was acquired by AOL in 1996.
Reid Hoffman : The site allows registered users to create professional profiles and connect with each other.
Reid Hoffman : The book was released in the United States on February 14, 2012.
Reid Hoffman : It launched on May 5, 2003, as one of the first business-oriented online social networks.
Reid Hoffman : "When I graduated from Stanford my plan was to become a professor and public intellectual.
Reid Hoffman : With that in mind, Hoffman pursued a career in business and entrepreneurship.
Reid Hoffman : While in college, according to Hoffman, he formed a conviction that he wanted to try to influence the state of the world on a large scale.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman believes that many people still do not know how to use its service and it is LinkedIn's job to help them out.
Reid Hoffman : He saw academia as an opportunity to make an "impact," but later realized that an entrepreneurial career would provide him with a larger platform.
Reid Hoffman : It focused "on online dating and matching up people with similar interests, like golfers who were looking for partners in their neighborhood."
Reid Hoffman : in Philosophy from Wolfson College, Oxford University in 1993 as a Marshall Scholar.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman was LinkedIn's founding CEO for the first four years before becoming chairman and president of products in February 2007.
Reid Hoffman : By November 2014, LinkedIn had over 332 million members in more than 200 countries and territories.
Reid Hoffman : It argues that individuals should think of themselves as businesses-of-one – the "CEO of their own career" – and draws many parallels between lessons learned from the stories of successful Silicon Valley technology companies and an individual's career.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman has spoken at the XPrize Foundation's conference and the TED conference in Long Beach in 2012.
Reid Hoffman : He has written for Strategy+Business on professional networking and is an "Influencer" on LinkedIn where he posts original written content.
Reid Hoffman : Peter Thiel has said SocialNet.com was "literally an idea before its time.
Reid Hoffman : He has appeared on The Charlie Rose Show, Fareed Zakaria's Global Public Square on CNN and other current affairs television programs.
Reid Hoffman : He is a frequent lecturer at Stanford University, Oxford University, Harvard University, MIT's Media Lab MIT Media Lab, and others.
Reid Hoffman : In an interview, Hoffman said that "you have to think proactively about how to use a tool that enables your ability to move in ways that you weren't able to move before, and most of people are not very good at that".
Reid Hoffman : "Publishers Weekly" reviewed the book positively, saying, "with plenty of valuable guidance relevant to any career stage, this book will help readers not only survive professionally in times of uncertainty but stand out from the pack and flourish."
Reid Hoffman : In January 2000, he left SocialNet and joined PayPal full-time as the company's COO.
Reid Hoffman : Jeff Weiner, LinkedIn's CEO, has said that "Reid's true north is making a positive and lasting impact on the world, in a very profound way."
Reid Hoffman : While at SocialNet, Hoffman was a member of the board of directors during the founding of PayPal, an electronic money transmission service.
Reid Hoffman : At the time of PayPal's acquisition by eBay for $1.5B in 2002, he was executive vice president of PayPal.
Reid Hoffman : His paternal great-great-great-grandfather was Theophilus Adam Wylie, a Christian Presbyterian minister and Indiana University president pro tempore.
Reid Hoffman : The Economist said that "Hoffman and Casnocha make a number of astute observations about shifts in the world of work."
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman is co-author, with Ben Casnocha, of the career book "The Start-Up of You: Adapt to the Future, Invest in Yourself, and Transform your Career".
Reid Hoffman : After the PayPal sale to eBay, Hoffman became one of Silicon Valley's most prolific and successful angel investors.
Reid Hoffman : According to Forbes, "LinkedIn is, far and away, the most advantageous social networking tool available to job seekers and business professionals today."
Reid Hoffman : In 2010 Hoffman joined Greylock Partners and runs their $20 million Discovery Fund.
Reid Hoffman : Reid Garrett Hoffman CBE (born August 5, 1967) is an American internet entrepreneur, venture capitalist and author.
Reid Hoffman : According to venture capitalist David Sze, Hoffman "is arguably the most successful angel investor in the past decade."
Reid Hoffman : He later worked at Fujitsu before co-founding his first company – SocialNet.com in 1997.
Reid Hoffman : He later joined Apple Computer in 1994, where he worked on eWorld, an early attempt at creating a social network.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman attended high school at The Putney School, where he farmed maple syrup, drove oxen and studied epistemology.
Reid Hoffman : Allen Blue, whom Hoffman hired at PayPal, said that "PayPal had to scratch and claw for every advantage it had, and Reid became an expert at competing effectively in an extremely competitive environment."
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman was born in Palo Alto, California, to Deanna Ruth (Rutter) and William Parker Hoffman, Jr., and grew up in Berkeley, California.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman was the co-founder and executive chairman of LinkedIn, a business-oriented social network used primarily for professional networking.
Reid Hoffman : Dave Goldberg, former CEO of SurveyMonkey, said that Hoffman "is the person you want to talk to when you are starting a company."
Reid Hoffman : With the IPO of LinkedIn on May 19, 2011, Hoffman owns a stake worth an estimated $2.34 billion, not including any potential benefits from Greylock Partners, where he was named a partner in 2009.
Reid Hoffman : According to David Kirkpatrick's book "The Facebook Effect", Hoffman arranged the first meeting between Mark Zuckerberg and Peter Thiel, which led to Thiel's initial $500,000 angel investment in Facebook.
Reid Hoffman : He graduated from Stanford University in 1990, where he won both a Marshall Scholarship and a Dinkelspiel Award, with a B.S.
Reid Hoffman : His areas of focus at Greylock include consumer and services, enterprise software, consumer Internet, enterprise 2.0, mobile, social gaming, online marketplaces, payments, and social networks.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman co-founded LinkedIn in December 2002 with two former colleagues from SocialNet (including Allen Blue), a former college classmate and a former colleague from his time at Fujitsu.
Reid Hoffman : Past investments include 3DSolve, Coupons.com, Digg, Edmodo, Flickr, IronPort, Knewton, Kongregate, Last.fm, Nanosolar, One Kings Lane, Permuto, Ping.fm, Shopkick, SixApart, thesixtyone, Swipely, Tagged, Technetto, TrialPay, Vendio, VigLink, Viki, Wikia, and Wrapp.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman invested alongside Thiel in Facebook's first financing round.
Reid Hoffman : Peter Thiel, Hoffman's boss at PayPal, has said that Hoffman "was the firefighter-in-chief at PayPal.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman was responsible for all external relationships for PayPal, including payments infrastructure (VISA, MasterCard, ACH, WellsFargo), business development (eBay, Intuit, and others), government (regulatory, judicial), and legal.
Reid Hoffman : Hoffman currently serves on the boards of Kiva.org (peer-peer microlending pioneer that allows people to lend money via the internet to low-income/underserved entrepreneurs and students), Endeavor Global (an organization that finds and supports high-impact entrepreneurs in emerging markets), Opportunity@Work (a nonprofit social enterprise dedicated to re-wiring the U.S. labor market through innovative technology and education financing), and Do Something (an organization motivating young people to take action around social changes).
Reid Hoffman : Peter Thiel and Keith Rabois, colleagues of Hoffman's at PayPal, invested in LinkedIn.
José Sarney : But the inflation became got worse than ever after a year.
José Sarney : He was elected governor of the state of Maranhão in 1966, serving until 1971.
José Sarney : Married to Marly (née Macieira), his children are Congressman José Sarney Filho, Governor Roseana Sarney, and the businessman Fernando Sarney.
José Sarney : José Sarney de Araújo Costa (; born José Ribamar Ferreira de Araújo Costa; April 24, 1930) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and writer who served as 31st President of Brazil from April 21, 1985 to March 15, 1990.
José Sarney : He returned to the Senate after his presidency, this time representing Amapá, and served as President of the Senate from 1995 to 1997, 2003 to 2005, 2009 to 2011, and 2011 to 2013.
José Sarney : In 1965 he legally adopted the name José Sarney de Araújo Costa, usually shortened to José Sarney (), for electoral purposes, since he was known as "Zé do Sarney", as in "José, son of Sarney".
Claudio Morel Rodríguez : He scored his first goal for the club on 5 October 2002 in a 2–1 win over Newell's Old Boys at the Estadio Pedro Bidegain.
Claudio Morel Rodríguez : In December 2008 he was chosen as the Paraguayan footballer of the year by the press.
Claudio Morel Rodríguez : He is the son of ex-Paraguayan footballer Eugenio Morel.
Claudio Morel Rodríguez : Claudio Marcelo Morel Rodríguez (born 2 February 1978 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays for Sarmiento de Leones in the Torneo Federal B.
Claudio Morel Rodríguez : In the 2000–01 season he won the Clausura with San Lorenzo, and in 2001 he helped them win the Copa Mercosur, beating Brazilian club Flamengo in the final.
Alejo Sauras : Along with his acting studies, he studied Japanese, which gave him two theatre roles afterward.
Alejo Sauras : He also made guest roles in television series.
Alejo Sauras : Sauras studied aviation electronics for a while but he left his studies to pursue acting.
Alejo Sauras : In 2007, Sauras won a "best actor" prize for his role in the movie "Bienvenido a casa".
Alejo Sauras : Sauras begin to get small roles in television series and his breakthrough happened through the TV series "Al salir de clase" (1997–2001) where Sauras played a young gay man, Santi.
Alejo Sauras : Later, Sauras had roles in "Y decirte una estupidez, por ejemplo, te quiero" (2000) and "Diario de una becaria" (2003).
Alejo Sauras : Sauras was born in Palma de Mallorca, Mallorca but he spend his childhood in Madrid.
Kenny Roberts : Roberts made up for his bike's lack of power with an almost fearless, determined riding style.
Kenny Roberts : Although the competing series was not successful due to difficulties in securing enough venues, it forced the FIM to take the riders' demands seriously and make changes regarding their safety.
Kenny Roberts : When Roberts first arrived on the Grand Prix scene, motorcycle racers were competing for as little prize money as $200, at venues such as the Imatra Circuit in Finland that featured railroad crossings and hay bales wrapped around telephone poles.
Kenny Roberts : His riding style was reminiscent of dirt track riding, where sliding the rear tire to one side is used as a method to steer the motorcycle around a corner.
Kenny Roberts : Roberts is one of only four riders in American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) racing history to win the AMA Grand Slam, representing Grand National wins at a mile, half-mile, short-track, TT Steeplechase and road race events.
Kenny Roberts : Kenneth Leroy Roberts (born December 31, 1951 in Modesto, California) is an American former professional motorcycle racer and racing team owner.
Kenny Roberts : Roberts' son, Kenny Roberts Jr., won the 2000 500 cc World Championship, making them the only father and son duo to have won the title.
Kenny Roberts : The 1983 battle for the championship between Roberts and Honda's Spencer would be considered one of the greatest seasons in motorcycle Grand Prix history, along with the 1967 500 cc duel between Mike Hailwood and Giacomo Agostini.
Kenny Roberts : Roberts made a name for himself that year by battling the dominant Harley-Davidson factory dirt track team aboard an underpowered Yamaha XS 650 motorcycle, making up for his lack of horsepower with sheer determination.
Gabriel Mercado : In July 2012, he signed for River Plate.
Gabriel Mercado : Mainly a right back, he could also play as a central defender.
Gabriel Mercado : Mercado represented the Argentina Under-20 team at the 2007 South American Youth Championship in Paraguay and at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada.
Gabriel Mercado : In July 2010, Mercado joined Estudiantes de La Plata for $800,000 and 50% of his rights.
Gabriel Mercado : Gabriel Iván Mercado (; born 18 March 1987) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Rayyan.
Mehmet Okur : On 10 July 2009 Okur signed a two-year contract extension reportedly worth approximately $21 million.
Mehmet Okur : They have a daughter, Melisa, born on 21 March 2007, and two sons, Yiğit Mehmet, born on 19 February 2010, and Mert Mehmet Okur, born on 19 November 2014.
Mehmet Okur : He averaged 13.5 points per game during his last season in Turkey.
Mehmet Okur : Due to salary cap limitations, the Pistons were unable to pay a top-level salary for Okur, but he was able to parlay his success into a six-year, US$50 million contract with the Utah Jazz.
Mehmet Okur : He helped the Turkish 22-and-under national team to 6th place at the 1997 world championship.
Mehmet Okur : On Monday, 12 January 2009, Okur established a new career high in points scored when he scored 43 points against the Indiana Pacers.
Mehmet Okur : Mehmet Murat Okur (born 26 May 1979) is a Turkish retired professional basketball player.
Mehmet Okur : Okur was selected 38th overall in the second round of the 2001 NBA Draft by the Detroit Pistons.
Mehmet Okur : Before working as a coach, Okur was an ambassador for the Utah Jazz from 2014 to August 2016.
Mehmet Okur : On 17 April 2010, Okur ruptured his Achilles' tendon during the first game of the post-season against the Denver Nuggets, eliminating him from the remainder of the NBA playoffs, as well as the World Basketball Championships in his native Turkey later that summer.
Muqtada al-Sadr : He has no children.
Muqtada al-Sadr : In 1994, al-Sadr married one of Muhammad Baqir al-Sadr's daughters.
Muqtada al-Sadr : "Raise your voice and shout so the corrupt get scared of you," he encouraged the people.
Muqtada al-Sadr : Muqtada al-Sadr is Iraqi, His great-grandfather is Ismail as-Sadr.
Muqtada al-Sadr : Muqtada al-Sadr (; born 4 August 1974) is an Iraqi Shia cleric, politician and militia leader.
Muqtada al-Sadr : Muqtada is a cousin of the disappeared Musa al-Sadr, the Iranian-Lebanese founder of the popular Amal Movement.
Muqtada al-Sadr : On 26 February 2016, Sadr led a one million-strong demonstration in Baghdad's Tahrir Square to protest corruption in Iraq and the government's failure to deliver on reforms.
Muqtada al-Sadr : On 18 March, Sadr's followers began a sit-in outside the Green Zone, a heavily fortified district in Baghdad housing government offices and embassies.
Danijel Subašić : He missed only 3 league matches.
Danijel Subašić : He was the first choice keeper before and after the injury.
Danijel Subašić : He had a knee injury in early November which kept him out of action until just prior to the new year.
Danijel Subašić : During the winter break of the season, the club decided to convert the loan into a permanent transfer.
Danijel Subašić : In the 2010–11 season, he made 20 appearances in the league.
Danijel Subašić : In Monaco's last Ligue 2 match of the 2011–12 season, he scored the winning goal from a free kick in a 2–1 away victory over Boulogne.
Danijel Subašić : Early in the season, he also made three appearances for the club in the UEFA Europa League qualifying.
Danijel Subašić : Danijel Subašić (; born 27 October 1984) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Monaco.
Danijel Subašić : In January 2012, Subašić joined AS Monaco in Ligue 2.
Danijel Subašić : He made 17 appearances for the club during the 2011–12 season, keeping five clean sheets.
Danijel Subašić : In that season, Hajduk also qualified for the UEFA Europa League where Danijel kept for all the league games bar one.
Danijel Subašić : Subašić started his professional career in his hometown club Zadar during the 2003–04 season.
Danijel Subašić : On 10 August 2013, he made his Ligue 1 debut for Monaco in a 2–0 win against Bordeaux.
Danijel Subašić : During his second season with Hajduk, in 2009–10, he made a total of 28 league appearances, as well as another two appearances in the UEFA Europa League qualifying, and also helped the club win the Croatian Cup.
Danijel Subašić : In the 2012–13 season, Subašić played an important part in winning the Ligue 2 title and earning promotion to Ligue 1.
Danijel Subašić : Following Zadar's relegation from the top flight at the end of the 2004–05 season, he became a first-team regular during the club's time in the Croatian second division.
Danijel Subašić : In the summer of 2008, he was loaned to Hajduk Split and immediately became a regular at the club, appearing in all of their 18 league matches in the first half of the 2008–09 season.
Danijel Subašić : Subašić kept his place as a regular in the second half of the season, making a further 13 league appearances for the club.
Bruce Bawer : "While Europe Slept" was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award for 2006 in the criticism category, which led to controversy.
Bruce Bawer : Theodore Bruce Bawer (born October 31, 1956), who writes under the name Bruce Bawer, is an American writer who has been a resident of Norway since 1999.
Bruce Bawer : While in graduate school, he published essays in such academic journals as "Notes on Modern American Literature" and the "Wallace Stevens Journal", and opinion pieces in "Newsweek", the "Los Angeles Times", and elsewhere.
Bruce Bawer : Bawer's book "While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within" (2006) concerns his belief in the threat that the rise of Islam in Europe poses to liberal values.
Alan Wilder : Alan Charles Wilder was born into a middle class family and was raised in Acton, West London.
Alan Wilder : Even though the ad was looking for someone under 21 (Wilder was 22) he lied about his age to get the job, and got away with it.
Alan Wilder : He briefly reunited with Depeche Mode during the Teenage Cancer Trust concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 17 February 2010, and enjoyed a rapturous reception.
Alan Wilder : Alan Charles Wilder (born 1 June 1959) is an English musician, composer, arranger, record producer, and a former member of the electronic band Depeche Mode from 1982 to 1995.
Héctor Verdés : Héctor Verdés Ortega (born 24 June 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón as a central defender.
Héctor Verdés : On 29 June 2015, Verdés signed a two-year deal with Real Oviedo, newly promoted to the second division.
Héctor Verdés : On 20 July 2018, he joined CF Rayo Majadahonda from the same tier after cutting ties with his previous club.
Ben Affleck : I support her.
Ben Affleck : They separated again in October 2000.
Ben Affleck : They broke up in January 2004.
Ben Affleck : Affleck is a supporter of the A-T Children's Project.
Ben Affleck : "Project Greenlight" was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality Program in 2002, 2004 and 2005.
Ben Affleck : Affleck has described himself as "moderately liberal."
Ben Affleck : Much of the Affleck's ancestry is English, Irish, Scottish and German.
Ben Affleck : His family moved to Massachusetts when he was three, living in Falmouth, where his brother Casey was born, before settling in Cambridge.
Ben Affleck : He began his career as a child when he starred in the PBS educational series "The Voyage of the Mimi" (1984, 1988).
Ben Affleck : Affleck won the 2004 California State Poker Championship, taking home the first prize of $356,400 and qualifying for the 2004 World Poker Tour final tournament.
Ben Affleck : "Live by Night", which Affleck wrote, directed, co-produced, and starred in, was released in late 2016.
Ben Affleck : Later, while studying at Occidental College in Los Angeles, Affleck directed student films.
Ben Affleck : Affleck had an 18-month relationship with actress/singer Jennifer Lopez from 2002 to 2004.
Ben Affleck : He was awarded the Volpi Cup at the Venice Film Festival and was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor.
Ben Affleck : In 2007, Affleck was the keynote speaker at Kindregan's high school graduation ceremony in Fairfax, Virginia.
Ben Affleck : The film was Affleck's breakthrough.
Ben Affleck : In 2007, Affleck made his feature film directorial debut with "Gone Baby Gone", a crime drama set in a working-class Boston neighborhood, starring his brother Casey as a private investigator searching for a young abductee.
Ben Affleck : Benjamin Géza Affleck-Boldt (born August 15, 1972) is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter.
Ben Affleck : He decided to direct the crime drama "The Town" (2010), an adaptation of Chuck Hogan's novel "Prince of Thieves".
Ben Affleck : Affleck reunited with director Michael Bay for the critically derided war drama "Pearl Harbor" (2001).
Martín Montoya : On 9 August 2018, Montoya signed with English club Brighton & Hove Albion for €7 million, subject to international clearance.
Martín Montoya : Montoya scored his second goal as a professional on 1 June 2013, netting the third in a 4–1 home win against Málaga CF.
Martín Montoya : On 1 February 2016, still owned by Barcelona, Montoya signed with Real Betis until 30 June.
Martín Montoya : Martín Montoya Torralbo (born 14 April 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a right back for club Brighton & Hove Albion.
Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle : Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle (born 25 August 1954 in Lembeye) is a former French professional road racing cyclist who was a specialist at one-day classic cycling races.
Neil Diamond : When he collapsed, he had no strength in either leg.
Neil Diamond : The Extra-Terrestrial".
Neil Diamond : "Something new began to happen.
Neil Diamond : It's what you dream of as a creative person.
Neil Diamond : He found himself earning enough to spend only 35 cents a day on food (US$ in dollars).
Neil Diamond : Diamond has been married three times.
Neil Diamond : 1 for 29 weeks and stayed in their top 20 bestsellers for two years.
Neil Diamond : "I never really chose songwriting," he says.
Neil Diamond : He was able to sell only about one song a week during those years, barely enough to survive on.
Neil Diamond : So for four years I devoted myself to my son Jesse."
Neil Diamond : For his 16th birthday, he received his first guitar.
Neil Diamond : Often his arrogance is just a cover for the lonely and insecure person underneath."
Neil Diamond : "It just absorbed me and became more and more important in my life."
Neil Diamond : The review in the "New York Times" stated:
Neil Diamond : We hung out in the front of Erasmus High and smoked cigarettes."
Neil Diamond : He was so convinced he was going to die that he wrote farewell letters to his friends.
Neil Diamond : I had a son 2½ and I felt he needed me more than the audience did.
Neil Diamond : In late 1969, he moved to Los Angeles.
Neil Diamond : He also said he needed to get back to having a private life, one where he could be anonymous.
Neil Diamond : They separated in 1967 and divorced in 1969.
Neil Diamond : He said years later, "I knew I'd come back, but I wasn't sure when.
Neil Diamond : The marriage lasted 25 years, ending in 1994 or 1995.
Neil Diamond : I wasn't under the gun, and suddenly interesting songs began to happen, songs that had things none of the others did."
Neil Diamond : His lead-in line to the first song of the evening was, "You may have dumped me a bit too soon, baby, because look who's standing here tonight."
Neil Diamond : I spent one year on each of those albums...I'd been on the road six years.
Neil Diamond : They had two sons, Jesse and Micah.
Neil Diamond : He opened the show with a story about an ex-girlfriend who dumped him before he became successful.
Neil Diamond : I was able to complete this album – start it, write it and complete it – under the spell of love, and I think it shows somehow.
Neil Diamond : Bill Whitten designed and made the shirts for Diamond from the 1970s till approximately 2007.
Neil Diamond : His first recording contract was billed as "Neil and Jack", an Everly Brothers-type duet with high school friend Jack Packer.
Neil Diamond : The album became a classic, and was remastered in 2000 with additional selections.
Neil Diamond : The album debuted at No.
Neil Diamond : His male classmates took note and began asking him to write poems for them which they would sing and use with equal success.
Neil Diamond : There he first met Jaye Posner, who would years later become his wife.
Neil Diamond : During the 1990s, Diamond produced six studio albums.
Neil Diamond : They had two daughters, Marjorie and Elyn.
Neil Diamond : "Billboard" magazine ranked Diamond as the most profitable solo performer of 1986.
Neil Diamond : In December, he received a lifetime achievement award from the Kennedy Center at the 2011 Kennedy Center Honors.
Neil Diamond : "After 'Jonathan,'" Diamond declared, "I vowed never to get involved in a movie again unless I had complete control."
Neil Diamond : Often bored in class, he found writing song lyrics more to his liking.
Neil Diamond : He began wearing colorful beaded shirts in concert, originally so that everyone in the audience could see him without binoculars.
Neil Diamond : It also made Diamond the first rock-era star to headline on Broadway.
Neil Diamond : He spent the summer following his graduation as a waiter in the Catskills resort area.
Neil Diamond : "<ref name="BB/Melody Road"></ref> The couple married in front of family and close friends in Los Angeles in 2012.
Neil Diamond : "Home Before Dark" was released May 6, 2008, and topped the album charts in New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Neil Diamond : On September 7, 2011, in a message on Twitter, the 70-year-old Diamond announced his engagement to the 41-year-old Katie McNeil.
Neil Diamond : 1 on the Hot 100.
Neil Diamond : At the time, a national poll found the song to be the number-one most recognized song about America, more than "God Bless America".
Neil Diamond : The film received hostile reviews and did poorly at the box office, and the album grossed more than the film did.
Neil Diamond : Diamond also won a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture.
Neil Diamond : The 1990s saw a resurgence in Diamond's popularity.
Neil Diamond : The concert and interviews were taped by film director William Friedkin, who used six cameras to capture the performance.
Neil Diamond : He underwent a long rehabilitation process just before starting principal photography on his film "The Jazz Singer" (1980).
Neil Diamond : Among them were "Cherry, Cherry" and "Solitary Man".
Neil Diamond : He also joined the rest of the performers onstage at the end in a rendition of Bob Dylan's "I Shall Be Released".
Neil Diamond : He also released two Christmas albums, the first of which peaked at No.
Neil Diamond : They recorded the unsuccessful singles "You Are My Love at Last" with "What Will I Do", and "I'm Afraid" with "Till You've Tried Love", both records released in 1962.
Neil Diamond : But the privacy that he had above the Birdland Club allowed him to focus on writing without distractions.
Neil Diamond : Despite the controversy surrounding the film, the soundtrack was a success, peaking at No.
Neil Diamond : In 1996, Diamond began a lengthy, live-in relationship with Australian Rae Farley after the two met in Brisbane, Australia.
Neil Diamond : He also again appeared at the Greek Theater in a 1976 concert, "Love at the Greek".
Neil Diamond : As a guest performer with The Who, he was shocked to see Pete Townshend swinging his guitar like a club and then throwing it against walls and off the stage until the instrument's neck broke.
Neil Diamond : Also on the team was his best friend, future Olympic fencer Herb Cohen.
Neil Diamond : On March 19, 2008, it was announced on the television show "American Idol" that Diamond would be a guest mentor to the remaining "Idol" contestants, who would sing Diamond songs for the broadcasts of April 29 and 30, 2008.
Neil Diamond : "Sweet Caroline" became a popular sing-along at sporting events.
Neil Diamond : On December 5, 1969, Diamond married production assistant Marcia Murphey.
Neil Diamond : In 2011, he was an honoree at the Kennedy Center Honors, and he received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2018.
Neil Diamond : 2 on the charts.
Neil Diamond : In January 1987, Diamond sang the national anthem at the Super Bowl.
Neil Diamond : In March 2017, the career-spanning anthology "Neil Diamond 50 – 50th Anniversary Collection" was released.
Neil Diamond : Greater success followed with "I'm a Believer", "A Little Bit Me, a Little Bit You", "Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)", and "Love to Love", all performed by the Monkees.
Neil Diamond : In 1963, he married his high-school sweetheart, Jaye Posner, who had become a schoolteacher.
Neil Diamond : Bartlett also added, "Neil is extraordinarily talented.
Neil Diamond : Diamond spent his early career in the Brill Building.
Neil Diamond : Neil Leslie Diamond (born January 24, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter and actor.
Neil Diamond : He began his final concert tour, the 50 Year Anniversary World Tour in Fresno, California, in April.
Neil Diamond : Diamond said that his 2014 album "Melody Road" was fueled by their relationship, explaining: "There's no better inspiration or motivation for work than being in love.
Neil Diamond : An announcement on his official website said he was not retiring from music and that the cancellation of the live performances would allow him to "continue his writing, recording and development of new projects."
Neil Diamond : They appeared unannounced at the 1980 Grammy awards ceremony, where they performed the song to a surprised and rapturous audience.
Neil Diamond : On the same day the DVD was released, CBS aired an edited version, which won the ratings hour with 13 million viewers.
Neil Diamond : Diamond also used his newly developing skill to write poetry.
Neil Diamond : He performed at Woburn Abbey on July 2, 1977, to an audience of 55,000 British fans.
Neil Diamond : Diamond even wrote and composed a new song, "I Believe in Happy Endings", for the film.
Neil Diamond : Tour dates on the final leg of Diamond's "50 Year Anniversary World Tour" in Australia and New Zealand were cancelled.
Neil Diamond : His "America" became the theme song for the Michael Dukakis 1988 presidential campaign.
Neil Diamond : Diamond's record sales slumped somewhat in the 1980s and 1990s, his last single to make the Billboard's Pop Singles chart coming in 1986, but his concert tours continued to be big draws.
Neil Diamond : "I'm a Believer" became a gold record within two days of its release and stayed at the top of the charts for seven weeks, making it the Popular Music Song of the Year in 1966.
Neil Diamond : In January 2018, Diamond announced that he would immediately retire from touring due to having been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
Neil Diamond : 38 songs by Diamond have featured in the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary charts.
Neil Diamond : It and "Red Red Wine" are his best-known original songs made more famous by other artists.
Neil Diamond : He began cutting classes and taking the train up to Tin Pan Alley, where he tried to get some of his songs heard by local music publishers.
Neil Diamond : Other notable artists who recorded his early songs were the English hard-rock band Deep Purple, Lulu, and Cliff Richard.
Neil Diamond : Three weeks later he starred in "Hello Again", his first television special in nine years, performing comedy sketches and a duo medley with Carol Burnett.
Neil Diamond : His last 1970s album was "September Morn", which included a new version of "I'm a Believer".
Neil Diamond : His early concerts featured him opening for bands such as Herman's Hermits and the Who.
Neil Diamond : After the Winter Garden shows, Diamond announced that he needed a break, and he engaged in no more live performances till 1976.
Neil Diamond : "Solitary Man" was the first record that Diamond recorded under his own name which made the charts.
Neil Diamond : In January 2014, it was confirmed that Diamond had signed with the Capitol Music Group unit of Universal Music Group, which also owned Diamond's Uni/MCA catalog.
Neil Diamond : In the fall of 1972, Diamond performed for 20 consecutive nights at the Winter Garden Theater in New York City.
Neil Diamond : In Australia, which at the time had the most Neil Diamond fans per capita of any country, the album ranked No.
Neil Diamond : When he was 16 and still in high school, Diamond spent a number of weeks at Surprise Lake Camp, a camp for Jewish children in upstate New York, when folk singer Pete Seeger performed a small concert.
Neil Diamond : On May 2, 2008, Sirius Satellite Radio started Neil Diamond Radio.
Neil Diamond : Diamond was paid $650,000 (US$ in dollars) from the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada, to open its new $10 million Theater For the Performing Arts on July 2, 1976.
Neil Diamond : In his senior year, when he was just 10 units short of graduation, Sunbeam Music Publishing offered him a 16-week job writing songs for $50 a week (equivalent to about US$ per week, in dollars), and he dropped out of college to accept it.
Neil Diamond : That same year he appeared on a TV special for Shirley Bassey and sang a duet with her.
Neil Diamond : "12 Songs" also became noteworthy as one of the last albums to be pressed and released by Sony BMG with the Extended Copy Protection software embedded in the disc.
Neil Diamond : The years 2011 and 2012 were marked by several milestones in Diamond's career.
Neil Diamond : "And the Grass Won't Pay No Mind" brought covers from Elvis Presley (who also interpreted "Sweet Caroline") and Mark Lindsay, former lead singer for Paul Revere & the Raiders.
Neil Diamond : In 1976, he released "Beautiful Noise", produced by Robbie Robertson of The Band.
Neil Diamond : After his family moved, he then attended Abraham Lincoln High School, and was a member of the fencing team.
Neil Diamond : "Hot August Night" demonstrates Diamond's skills as a performer and showman, as he reinvigorated his back catalogue of hits with new energy.
Neil Diamond : "The Very Best of Neil Diamond", a compilation CD of Diamond's 23 studio recordings from the Bang, UNI/MCA, & Columbia catalogs, was released on December 6, 2011, on the Sony Legacy label.
Neil Diamond : On April 28, 2008, Diamond appeared on the roof of the Jimmy Kimmel building to sing "Sweet Caroline" after Kimmel was jokingly arrested for singing the song dressed as a Diamond impersonator.
Neil Diamond : His first success as a songwriter came in November 1965 with "Sunday and Me", a Top 20 hit for Jay and the Americans.
Neil Diamond : In 1973, Diamond switched labels again, returning to Columbia Records for a million-dollar-advance-per-album contract (US$ in dollars).
Neil Diamond : In 1977, Diamond released "I'm Glad You're Here With Me Tonight", including "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", for which he composed the music and on the writing of whose lyrics he collaborated with Alan Bergman and Marilyn Bergman.
Neil Diamond : His first project, released as a solo album, was the soundtrack to "Jonathan Livingston Seagull".
Neil Diamond : Diamond began to feel restricted by Bang Records because he wanted to record more ambitious, introspective music, such as "Brooklyn Roads" from 1968.
Neil Diamond : Diamond returned to live shows in 1976 with an Australian tour, "The 'Thank You Australia' Concert", which was broadcast to 36 television outlets nationwide.
Neil Diamond : In 1974, Diamond released the album "Serenade", from which "Longfellow Serenade" and "I've Been This Way Before" were issued as singles.
Neil Diamond : "And the next thing, I got a guitar when we got back to Brooklyn, started to take lessons and almost immediately began to write songs," he said.
Neil Diamond : In February 1979, the uptempo "Forever in Blue Jeans", co-written and jointly composed with his guitarist, Richard Bennett, was released as a single from "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", Diamond's album from the previous year.
Neil Diamond : On June 29, 2008, Diamond played to an estimated 108,000 fans at the Glastonbury Festival in Somerset, England on the Concert of a Lifetime Tour; technical problems marred the concert.
Neil Diamond : The song was also the one he was most proud of, partly because of when it was later used: national news shows played it when the hostages were shown returning home after the Iran hostage crisis ended; it was played on the air during the 100th anniversary of the Statue of Liberty; and at the tribute to Martin Luther King and the Vietnam Vets Welcome Home concert, he was asked to perform it live.
Neil Diamond : To "channel the intimate atmosphere of '60s folk, Diamond recorded "Acoustic Christmas" with a handful of musicians, sitting around a circle of microphones, wires and, of course, Christmas lights."
Neil Diamond : In July 1963, Columbia released the single "At Night" with "Clown Town"; "Billboard" gave an excellent review to Clown Town and "Cashbox" gave both sides excellent reviews, but it still failed to make the charts.
Neil Diamond : On November 2, 2010, Diamond released the album "Dreams", a collection of 14 interpretations of his favorite songs by artists from the rock era.
Neil Diamond : Berns wanted to release "Kentucky Woman" as a single, but Diamond was no longer satisfied writing simple pop songs, so he proposed "Shilo", which was not about the Civil War but rather an imaginary childhood friend.
Neil Diamond : Thereafter, Diamond often included a "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" suite in his live performances, as he did in his 1976 "Love at the Greek" concert and for his show in Las Vegas that same year.
Neil Diamond : On March 14, 2011, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at a ceremony at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York City.
Neil Diamond : The latter had been intended for the "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" score, but Diamond had completed it too late for inclusion.
Neil Diamond : On the April 30 broadcast, Diamond premiered a new song, "Pretty Amazing Grace", from his then recently released album "Home Before Dark".
Neil Diamond : Another Top 10 selection, "Heartlight", was inspired by the blockbuster 1982 movie "E.T.
Neil Diamond : 4 on the Billboard chart, and received generally positive reviews; Earliwine describes the album as "inarguably Neil Diamond's best set of songs in a long, long time."
Neil Diamond : His debut album for Uni was "Velvet Gloves and Spit", produced by Tom Catalano, which did not chart, and he recorded the follow-up "Brother Love's Traveling Salvation Show" at American Sound Studios in Memphis with Tommy Cogbill and Chips Moman producing.
Neil Diamond : After "Brother Love's Travelling Salvation Show" in February 1969, his sound mellowed, with such songs as "Sweet Caroline" (1969), "Holly Holy" (1969), "Cracklin' Rosie" (1970) and "Song Sung Blue" (1972), the last two reaching No.
Neil Diamond : On August 10, 2012, Diamond received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Neil Diamond : The performance of August 24, 1972, was recorded and released as the live double album "Hot August Night".
Neil Diamond : A "who's who" of Hollywood attended opening night, ranging from Elizabeth Taylor to Chevy Chase, and Diamond walked out on stage to a standing ovation.
Neil Diamond : In 1979, Diamond collapsed on stage in San Francisco and was taken to the hospital, where he endured a 12-hour operation to remove what turned out to be a tumor on his spine.<ref name="juke/ref">"Juke Magazine", June 9, 1983.</ref> He said he had been losing feeling in his right leg "for a number of years but ignored it."
Neil Diamond : During this period, comedian/actor Will Ferrell did a recurring Diamond impersonation on "Saturday Night Live", with Diamond himself appearing alongside Ferrell on Ferrell's final show in May 2002.
Neil Diamond : That same year, UB40's reggae interpretation of Diamond's ballad "Red Red Wine" topped the Billboard Pop Singles chart and, like the Monkees' version of "I'm a Believer", became better known than Diamond's original version.
Neil Diamond : In addition to serving as Diamond's manager, McNeil produced the documentary "Neil Diamond: Hot August Nights NYC".
Neil Diamond : Diamond was not rehired after his 16 weeks with Sunbeam, and he began writing and singing his own songs for demos.
Neil Diamond : In October 2016, Diamond released "Acoustic Christmas", a folk-inspired Christmas album of original songs as well as acoustic versions of holiday classics.
Neil Diamond : Richard D. Bach, author of the best-selling source story, disowned the film, and he and Diamond sued Bartlett, though for differing reasons; in Bach's case, it was because he felt the film omitted too much from the original novella, whereas in Diamond's case, it was because he felt the film had butchered his score.
Neil Diamond : 1 singles on the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts: "Cracklin' Rosie", "Song Sung Blue", "Longfellow Serenade", "I've Been This Way Before", "If You Know What I Mean", "Desirée", "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", "America", "Yesterday's Songs", and "Heartlight".
Neil Diamond : On Thanksgiving 1976, Diamond made an appearance at The Band's farewell concert, "The Last Waltz", performing "Dry Your Eyes", which he wrote jointly with Robertson, and which had appeared on "Beautiful Noise".
Neil Diamond : On October 13, 2009, he released "A Cherry Cherry Christmas", his third album of holiday music.
Neil Diamond : He used those four years to work on the score for Hall Bartlett's film version of Richard Bach's "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" and to record two albums, "Serenade" and "Beautiful Noise".
Neil Diamond : Many consider it his best work; critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine called "Hot August Night" "the ultimate Neil Diamond record... [which] shows Diamond the icon in full glory."
Neil Diamond : In 2007, Diamond was inducted into the Long Island Music Hall of Fame.
Neil Diamond : In the CBS show, "The Big Bang Theory", main characters Howard Wolowitz and Amy Farrah-Fowler are fans of Diamond's work.
Neil Diamond : Diamond was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011, and he received the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000.
Neil Diamond : 8 on Billboard's Album chart.
Srđan Baljak : In June 2007, Baljak moved to Germany and signed with Mainz 05 on a three-year deal.
Srđan Baljak : Srđan Baljak (; born 25 November 1978) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Aldo de Nigris : Yet the exact amount of the transaction is not known.
Aldo de Nigris : Mexico defeated Bolivia 5-0, in which de Nigris entered to the game as a substitute.
Aldo de Nigris : Jesús Aldo de Nigris Guajardo (22 July 1983) is a Mexican retired footballer and current assistant manager of Monterrey.
Aldo de Nigris : He is the younger brother of the late Antonio de Nigris.
Aldo de Nigris : He was called up to the Mexico national football team for the friendly matches against Bolivia on 24 February 2010 and New Zealand on 3 March 2010.
Caparezza : Caparezza was born in Molfetta on October 9, 1973.
Caparezza : Salvemini returned to Molfetta with no intention to further pursue a musical career but soon began to compose music in his garage.
Caparezza : Caparezza ( ; meaning "Curly Head" in the Molfetta dialect) is the pseudonym of Michele Salvemini (born 9 October 1973), an Italian rapper.
Caparezza : However, he soon decided to leave the advertising world to fully devote himself to music.
Caparezza : The songs allude to historic figures who were labeled heretics, including Galileo Galilei, Joan of Arc, Giordano Bruno and Girolamo Savonarola.
Caparezza : On 28 January 2011, he published the first single from the seventh album "Il sogno eretico", entitled ""Goodbye Malinconia"", featuring Tony Hadley of Spandau Ballet.
Caparezza : Born in Molfetta, in the southern region of Apulia, Caparezza debuted in 1997 at the Sanremo Festival under the name Mikimix.
Caparezza : The publication of this two songs also reflect the duality of the album, with ""Prisoner 709"" having hard tones and an anguishing atmosphere while ""Ti fa stare bene"" is a more cheerful, light-hearted song.
Caparezza : On 12 January 2018, ""Una chiave"" (""A Key"") is released as the second single of the album; the videoclip of the song is published on YouTube on 26 January.
Caparezza : After performing in Milan's pubs, Mikimix made his debut at the Castrocaro Music Festival and subsequently participated in two Sanremo Festivals in the "New Generation" section, in 1995 and in 1997.
Caparezza : On 22 April 2014, his sixth album is published entitled "Museica", whose name is a portmanteau of the three key words of this album: ""musica"" (""music""), ""museo"" (""museum"") and ""sei"" (""six"".)
Caparezza : Announced the 13 June of the same year, on 15 September 2017 Caparezza's seventh album, "Prisoner 709", is published.
Fantamady Keita : Fantamady Keita (born 25 September 1949) is a former Malian international footballer who played as a striker.
Fantamady Keita : He was the leading scorer in the 1972 African Cup of Nations, scoring five goals as Mali reached the final.
Marco van Basten : Just awesome.
Marco van Basten : He finished his reign with a record of 26 wins, 8 draws and 11 losses in 45 matches.
Marco van Basten : On 29 July 2004, Van Basten was named the new manager of the Netherlands national team, with Van 't Schip as his assistant.
Marco van Basten : On 22 July 2006, he also returned for the testimonial match to celebrate the 11-year Arsenal career of Dennis Bergkamp, in what was the first match played at the new Emirates Stadium.
Marco van Basten : In 2007, "Sky Sports" ranked Van Basten first on its list of great athletes who had their careers cut short.
Marco van Basten : In 2004, a poll for the 100 greatest Dutch people was held in the Netherlands: Van Basten ranked number 25, the second highest for a football player, behind Johan Cruyff.
Marco van Basten : He played in the second half for the Ajax legends team.
Marco van Basten : AZ Alkmaar announced on 18 April 2014 that Van Basten would replace Dick Advocaat at the start of the 2014–15 season.
Marco van Basten : His first stint as a manager was as an assistant to his former teammate John van 't Schip with the second team of Ajax in 2003–04.
Marco van Basten : He was again voted the European player of the year, becoming the third player after Johan Cruyff and Michel Platini to win the award three times.
Thomas Struth : From 1993 to 1996, Struth was the first Professor of Photography at the Staatliche Hochschule für Gestaltung in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Thomas Struth : In 2007, he became the first contemporary artist ever to be exhibited at the Museo del Prado, Madrid, among the permanent collection of old masters.
Thomas Struth : Again created throughout Asia, Europe and the Americas, mural-sized colour photographs of 2010 that are up to 4 metres long record the structural intricacy of remote techno-industrial and scientific research spaces, such as physics institutes, pharmaceutical plants, space stations, dockyards, nuclear facilities and other edifices of technological production.
Thomas Struth : He went on to produce similar series in Rome (1984), Edinburgh (1985), Tokyo (1986), and elsewhere.
Thomas Struth : In 1989, Struth began work on his best-known cycle, "Museum Photographs", devoted to the visitors to some of the world's great museums and buildings, including The Art Institute of Chicago, the Musée du Louvre in Paris, the Accademia in Venice, and the Pantheon in Rome.
Àlex Ollé : This production received the prestigious Abbiati Award for "La migliore Novità assoluta".
Àlex Ollé : French critics have chosen this production as one of the top three winners of the year by the newspaper "Le Temps".
Àlex Ollé : Àlex Ollé (; born 1960) is one of the six artistic directors of La Fura dels Baus.
Àlex Ollé : In 2010, this stage work was selected to open the 50th Adelaide Festival of Arts in Australia.
Àlex Ollé : Debuting in 2001 at the Sitges International Fantastic Film Festival, it received the Méliès d’Or Award in 2003 (among others) for the best European fantasy film.
Àlex Ollé : On February 2016, this production was rebroadcast live to 180 European cinemas during its representations in Opéra de la Bastille in Paris.
Àlex Ollé : In October, Manon Lescaut was released at the Frankfurt Opera.
Àlex Ollé : This year he is also presenting "Tristan und Isolde" by Richard Wagner at the Opéra in Lyon.
Àlex Ollé : His first Verdi "Un ballo in maschera", opened in Sydney Opera House on January 2013, won the Helpmann Award for the opera stage direction in the season 2012/2013.
Àlex Ollé : These were followed by "La damnation de Faust" by Héctor Berlioz, which debuted in 1999 at the Salzburg Festival; "DQ.
Àlex Ollé : Prominent works from its early period include "Accions" (1984), "Suz/O/Suz" (1985), "Tier Mon" (1988), "Noun" (1990) and "MTM" (1994), which established "La Fura dels Baus" as a top company among both critics and the public.
Àlex Ollé : In September he opened the season at The Royal Opera House in London with Vincenzo Bellini‘s "Norma", a show that was broadcast live in more than100 European cinemas.
Àlex Ollé : His sole foray into the world of film is "Fausto 5.0", a movie he co-directed with Carlus Padrissa and Isidro Ortiz, a screenplay by Fernando León de Aranoa.
Àlex Ollé : In 2014 he created, with the architect Benedetta Tagliabue "BCN.RESET", a route of ephemeral architecture through the streets of Barcelona.
Àlex Ollé : The opera debuted at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan and was co-produced with the Wiener Festwochen.
Àlex Ollé : In October he has premiered "La Bohème" by Giacomo Puccini in the Teatro Regio Torino, to celebrate the 120 anniversary of its release, a co-production with the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma.
Àlex Ollé : In collaboration with Carlus Padrissa, Ollé created and directed "Mediterrani, mar olímpic", the epicentre of the opening ceremony of the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games, an event that fascinated and left a mark on millions of viewers around the world.
Àlex Ollé : In 2011, he directed "Quartet" by Luca Francesconi"," based on the play of the same name by Heiner Müller.
Àlex Ollé : Also in 2019 he premiered one of the greatest operas by Giacomo Puccini, "Turandot", in Tokyo Bunka Kaikan (Japan) being part of the program of the Cultural Olympiad, Tokyo 2020, on a tour of four theaters in Japan.
Àlex Ollé : During the 2013 he also directed"  Il Priggioniero" (Dallapicola) / "Erwartung" (Schoenberg), opened  in Justice & Injustice festival in the Opéra de Lyon and  "Aida," together with Carlus Padrissa, to open the Centenario de l’Arena di Verona.
Àlex Ollé : This is a production between Opera Sidney, Teatro Colón de Buenos Aires, Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels and the Norwegian National Opera & Ballet of Oslo.
Àlex Ollé : In 2010 he co-directed Samuel Beckett’s "First love" with Miquel Gorriz, a co-production of the Chekov International Theatre Festival in Moscow and the Grec Theatre Festival in Barcelona.
Àlex Ollé : The first operas that Àlex Ollé directed were joint projects with and the artist Jaume Plensa: "L’Atlàntida" (1996) by Manuel de Falla and "Le martyre de Saint Sébastien" (1997) by Claude Debussy.
Àlex Ollé : Together with Carlus Padrissa he directed "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny" [Rise and fall of the city of Mahagonny] (2010) by Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht, which debuted at the Teatro Real in Madrid and was rebroadcast live to 127 movie theatres in Europe and Mexico.
Àlex Ollé : In 2018, he adds to his constant review of the Faust's myth, the "Mefistofele" by Arrigo Boito, co-produced by the Opéra de Lyon and the Staatsoper Stuttgart.
Àlex Ollé : In 2019, he premiered the newly-created contemporary opera "Frankenstein" at the theater of La Monnaie de Munt, Brussels, with music by Marc Gray and libretto by Júlia Canosa, based on an original idea of Àlex Ollé inspired by the Mary Shelley's novel.
Àlex Ollé : He has also participated in many large-scale shows, either alone or in collaboration with Carlus Padrissa, such as "La navaja en el ojo", for the opening of the 2001 Valencia Biennial; "Naumaquia", created for the Universal Forum of Cultures in Barcelona in 2004; the "opening" of the Track Cycling World Championships in Palma de Mallorca in 2007; "Window of the city", the thematic show for Expo 2010 in Shanghai, China and "Istambul, Istambul" in 2012, in celebration of the 40th anniversary of the Istanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts (IKSV).
Àlex Ollé : In 2011, in collaboration with Valentina Carrasco,he also directed "Oedipe" by George Enescu, co-produced by the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels and the Théâtre National de l’Opéra in Paris.
Àlex Ollé : During 2017 he premiered the Christoph Willibald Gluck's "Alceste" at Opéra Lyon, and the "Jeanne d'Arc au Bûcher" (Arthur Honegger) and "La damoiselle élue" (Claude Debussy) diptych, co-produced between Oper Frankfurt and Teatro Real de Madrid.
Àlex Ollé : The plays that Àlex Ollé has directed include "F@ust 3.0" (1998), based on the novel Faust by Goethe; XXX (2001), based on "La philosophie dans le boudoir" [Philosophy in the bedroom] by the Marquis de Sade, both in collaboration with Carlus Padrissa; "Metamorphosis" (2005), together with Javier Daulte, based on Franz Kafka’s text and "Boris Godunov" (2008), with David Plana, a play based on the attack on the Dubrovka Theatre in Moscow and on the work of Alexander Pushkin.
Àlex Ollé : Don Quijote en Barcelona" (2000), with music by José Luis Turina and libretto by Justo Navarro, which premiered at the Gran Teatre del Liceu de Barcelona; " Die Zauberflöte"  [The magic flute] (2003) by  W. A. Mozart, as part of the Ruhr Biennale, a co-production of the Opéra National in Paris and the Teatro Real in Madrid; "Bluebeard’s castle" by Béla Bartók and "Diary of one who disappeared" (2007) by "Leoš Janáček", presented under a single programme, premiered in Opera Garnier, a co-production of the Opéra National in Paris and the Gran Teatre del Liceu.
João de Deus Pinheiro : He was Minister for Education 1985–1987, Minister for Foreign Affairs 1987–1992; in that role he was one of the EU negotiators in Brioni Agreement that ended ten-day war in Slovenia in 1991; Member of the European Parliament and European Commissioner.
Iñaki Muñoz : Iñaki Muñoz Oroz (born 2 July 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.
Iñaki Muñoz : He amassed La Liga totals of 150 matches and 11 goals over nine seasons, representing in the competition Osasuna and Athletic Bilbao.
Simon Kjær : He should be serious!"
Simon Kjær : Simon Thorup Kjær (; born 26 March 1989) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Milan on loan from Spanish club Sevilla and captains the Denmark national team.
Simon Kjær : After his loan-spell at Roma ended, Kjær stated he would not return to Wolfsburg, after coach Magath decided the Dane was not going to be part of his first team plans for the club's 2012–13 season.
David Hasselhoff : His family is Roman Catholic, and of German, Irish and English descent.
David Hasselhoff : He studied at Oakland University before graduating with a degree in theater at the California Institute of the Arts.
David Hasselhoff : Hasselhoff married actress Pamela Bach in December 1989.
David Hasselhoff : David Michael Hasselhoff (born July 17, 1952), nicknamed "The Hoff", is an American actor, singer, producer, and businessman, who set a Guinness World Record as the most watched man on TV.
David Hasselhoff : In the 2006 Adam Sandler film "Click" Hasselhoff portrays Sandler's despicable boss.
David Hasselhoff : In 1993, he released the single "Pingu Dance" based on the children's show "Pingu".
David Hasselhoff : The movie served as a pilot for a proposed new series, but despite high ratings, the plan was abandoned.
Guillermo La Rosa : Between 1979 and 1987 he played for Atletico Nacional, America de Cali, Deportivo Pereira and Cúcuta Deportivo of Colombia.
Guillermo La Rosa : Guillermo Claudio La Rosa Laguna (born June 6, 1952) is a retired football forward from Peru.
Hannu Tihinen : Hannu Tihinen (born 1 July 1976) is a retired Finnish footballer who played as a defender.
Jolyon Palmer : He finished the day in eighth place.
Jolyon Palmer : He eventually finished 2nd behind fellow Briton Dean Stoneman.
Jolyon Palmer : On 20 January 2015 it was announced that Palmer had signed as test and reserve driver for the Lotus F1 Formula One team for 2015.
Jolyon Palmer : In 2007, Palmer moved to the series which his father, Jonathan, created nine years before.
Jolyon Palmer : 2009 saw Palmer move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number three.
Jolyon Palmer : He missed the final two rounds of the championship, due to an abdominal injury suffered in a quad bike accident at his home in West Sussex, in which he nearly died as he lost a kidney, punctured a lung, suffered liver damage and lost a lot of blood.
Jolyon Palmer : His best result was a sixth-place finish at Imola.
Jolyon Palmer : He recovered in time for the start of the 2008 season, in which he was a championship challenger right up until the last few races of the season.
Jolyon Palmer : He returned to the series in 2010, winning the opening race of the season at Silverstone, taking the first F2 win by a British driver since his father did so at Mugello in 1983.
Jolyon Palmer : He took part in two races of the 2007 season, winning both but decided to concentrate on Formula Palmer Audi.
Jolyon Palmer : Having spent 2004 racing in MiniMax karts, Palmer moved up to cars in 2005 and specifically the T Cars championship's Autumn Trophy – a racing series for drivers between the ages of 14 and 17.
Jolyon Palmer : The Autumn Trophy and the FPA Shootout also brought third places for Palmer, taking three podiums from the six races.
Jolyon Palmer : Palmer also took part in a second Autumn Trophy, winning four of the six races.
Jolyon Palmer : Palmer picked up one fifth-place finish in the next round at Marrakech, but bounced back to take both wins and the championship lead in the third round at Monza.
Jolyon Palmer : Palmer finished fifth in that championship, with a grand total of 92 points, 46 behind championship winner Adrian Quaife-Hobbs.
Jolyon Palmer : He moved up to the main championship in 2006, earning one pole position and four podiums, and again finished fifth in the championship with 101 points, 69 behind champion Luciano Bacheta.
Jolyon Palmer : Palmer secured one win (at the overseas race at Spa) and 11 podiums along with three pole positions and ended up just 22 points behind Jason Moore, in third place.
Juan Vicente Herrera : Juan Vicente Herrera Campo (born 23 January 1956 in Burgos) is a Spanish politician who served as President of the Junta of Castile and León from 2001 to 2019 and a member of the conservative People's Party.
Juan Vicente Herrera : He was spokesperson for his party's parliamentary group in the regional parliament since 1995 until 2001 when Juan José Lucas, then President of the regional government, was appointed Minister of the Presidency and Herrera was named new President.
Andrea Dovizioso : In 2006 he stayed with the team, who were now renamed as Humangest Racing.
Andrea Dovizioso : Three more podiums followed early in the year before his results tailed off mid season.
Andrea Dovizioso : He also won the Rookie of the Year award.
Andrea Dovizioso : His best results were two 9th places in Le Mans and Donington.
Andrea Dovizioso : He continued with the team in 2003, finishing 5th in the final standings and achieving four podium finishes.
Andrea Dovizioso : He then passed Jorge Lorenzo and Rossi en route to a second-place finish.
Andrea Dovizioso : He fought for the championship until the final race of the season, but had to settle for 2nd place behind Jorge Lorenzo.
Andrea Dovizioso : He finished second for the fourth time in 2011, in the Czech Republic; holding off pressure from Simoncelli.
Andrea Dovizioso : Having circulated in sixth for a portion of the race, he was helped by the collision between Pedrosa and Simoncelli, which saw Pedrosa crash out and Simoncelli given a ride-through penalty.
Andrea Dovizioso : At Jerez, Dovizioso experienced severe tyre wear and had to make a tyre change on his way to 12th place in the damp conditions.
Andrea Dovizioso : Fourth place followed in Catalunya, before another second place in Great Britain, having started fifth and led the first few laps before being overtaken by teammate Stoner.
Andrea Dovizioso : Andrea Dovizioso (born 23 March 1986) is a professional motorcycle racer who competes in the MotoGP world championship for the factory Ducati Corse team.
Andrea Dovizioso : In 2002 Dovizioso competed in the 125cc World Championship with Team Scot Honda, finishing 16th in the final standings.
Andrea Dovizioso : He won two races in Barcelona and Estoril and finished on the podium 11 times.
Andrea Dovizioso : He took fourth place in Portugal, with a late-race pass on Valentino Rossi, before Le Mans saw Dovizioso's best performance of the season to that point.
Andrea Dovizioso : The 2007 season saw him win two races in Istanbul and Donington and challenge once again for the championship, but he finished in 2nd place once again.
Andrea Dovizioso : Throughout the season Dovi was one of the most consistent Honda riders, placing 4th and 5th several times, and achieving a 3rd place podium finish at the Malaysian MotoGP at Sepang.
Andrea Dovizioso : On 15 September 2007, Dovizioso announced that he would be making the move up to the MotoGP class with his existing team in 2008.
Andrea Dovizioso : Despite this, Dovizioso consistently racked up points and claimed his first pole position in MotoGP at the Japanese Grand Prix at Twin Ring Motegi.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso retired in Australia, and concluded the season with third in Portugal and fifth in Valencia to finish fifth in the final championship standings.
Andrea Dovizioso : Despite otherwise consistent points finishes, Dovizioso ended up with less points than in his début season in the class, ending up sixth in the final standings.
Andrea Dovizioso : In 2001 Dovizioso won the 125cc European Championship and also competed in his first World Championship race at Mugello, in which he retired.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso started the season well, with a fourth place in Qatar after a race-long battle with Marco Simoncelli.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso finished third in Australia and Valencia, while the Malaysian race was cancelled after the death of Simoncelli in the first attempt to run the race.
Andrea Dovizioso : In 2005 Dovizioso moved to the 250cc class, continuing with Team Scot Honda.
Andrea Dovizioso : He ended the season third behind Jorge Lorenzo and Casey Stoner, but decided to move to the Tech 3 Yamaha team for the season, alongside Cal Crutchlow on a one-year deal.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso extended his podium run to four races after third in the Netherlands and second at his home race at Mugello.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso moved to the team after rejecting the offer of a satellite Honda bike, after Repsol Honda reverted to two bikes – for Stoner and Pedrosa – for the 2012 season.
Andrea Dovizioso : Dovizioso had a strong start to his second season with the Repsol Honda team picking up a podium in the season-opening race in Qatar.
Andrea Dovizioso : For the season, Dovizioso became an official Repsol Honda rider replacing Nicky Hayden and partnering Spain's Dani Pedrosa.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : 38 on 14 January 2008.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : 4-ranked Murray.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : 110 to No.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : He is also currently one of the very few remaining players who often utilize a serve-and-volley type of play.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : In the quarterfinals, he overcame No.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : His strings are LUXiLON Alu Power Rough strings.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Then came two right shoulder injuries later in 2005, back and abdominal ailments from October 2005 to February 2006, and the recurrence of an abdominal injury at the end of 2006.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Because of the action of his serve, which is dramatically abbreviated, he does very well to create as much power as he does, with speeds of up to 147 mph (237 km/h).
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Tsonga's serve is one of his fastest, strongest and most dominant shots, mixing both slice and speed, so enabling him to create and win easier points, such as an ace or a one-two-punch.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : The Davis Cup was next against Germany.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Tsonga's movement around the court is considered to be very good, considering his height.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Tsonga is known for his offensive baseline style of play but is also able to mix his style of play up by rushing to the net.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : He was using Babolat AeroPro Drive+ racket, but in July 2018, changed to the Babolat Pure Strike.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : During the off-season in 2009, Tsonga switched rackets from Wilson to Babolat.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : The pair were drawn in the same pool for the 2012 ATP World Tour Finals.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Tsonga started his season winning the Hopman Cup with compatriot Alize Cornet.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Tsonga had a very successful junior career; he won the US Open boys' singles title in 2003 by defeating Marcos Baghdatis in the final and he was a losing boys' singles semifinalist in the other three Grand Slam events in the same year.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (; born 17 April 1985) is a French professional tennis player.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga : 3 Roger Federer in the quarterfinals.
Ledian Memushaj : On 21 May 2016, he was named in Albania's preliminary 27-man squad for UEFA Euro 2016, and in Albania's final 23-man UEFA Euro 2016 squad on 31 May.
Ledian Memushaj : Ledian Memushaj (born 7 December 1986) is an Albanian professional football player who plays as a central midfielder for the Italian club Pescara and the Albania national team.
Ledian Memushaj : Memushaj was called for the first time to the Albania national team in November 2010 by manager Josip Kuže for a friendly against Macedonia.
Nicola Formichetti : Nicola Formichetti (; born 31 May 1977) is an Italian Japanese fashion director and fashion editor who is most widely known as the artistic director of the Italian fashion label Diesel and for being a frequent collaborator with singer-songwriter Lady Gaga.
Nicola Formichetti : He worked two years (September 2010 – April 2013) with the French fashion house Mugler as artistic director.
Nicola Formichetti : Among fashion designers he has worked with Kim Jones, collaborating with him on his collections and shows, and has worked with fashion houses such as Dolce & Gabbana, Alexander McQueen, Gareth Pugh, Carri "Cassette Playa" Mundane, Prada, Missoni, Iceberg, and brands such as Nike, Umbro, Puma, Stussy, Topman, H&M, and Edwin.
Nicola Formichetti : He became a student of the nightlife and street fashions, and began working at a fashionable boutique called 'The Pineal Eye' where he would become art director and head buyer for two years.
Subcomandante Marcos : Marcos took this as a direct threat, and did not reply.
Subcomandante Marcos : The essays and stories are compiled in the books.
Subcomandante Marcos : Marcos tends to prefer indirect expression, and his writings are often fables, although some are more earthy and direct.
Subcomandante Marcos : The elliptical, ironic, and romantic style of Marcos' writings may be a way of keeping a distance from the painful circumstances that he reports on and protests.
Subcomandante Marcos : His literary output has a purpose, as suggested in a 2002 book titled, "Our Word is Our Weapon", a compilation of his articles, poems, speeches, and letters.
Subcomandante Marcos : Marcos has written more than 200 essays and stories, and has published 21 books documenting his political and philosophical views.
Subcomandante Marcos : In 2006, Marcos made another public tour of Mexico, which was known as The Other Campaign.
Subcomandante Marcos : Based on a Mayan creation myth, it teaches tolerance and respect for diversity.
Subcomandante Marcos : Guillén attended high school at the Instituto Cultural Tampico, a Jesuit school in Tampico.
Subcomandante Marcos : Later, he moved to Mexico City and graduated from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), majoring in Philosophy.
Subcomandante Marcos : Guillén's sister Mercedes del Carmen Guillén Vicente is the Attorney General of the State of Tamaulipas, and an influential member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Riccardo Riccò : He was convicted by a criminal court in Padua and given a fine of €3,040.
Riccardo Riccò : He then signed to UCI Continental team Meridiana-Kamen.
Riccardo Riccò : He reportedly has a UCI certificate attesting to an hematocrit of 51%, 50% being considered the accepted upper limit since 1997.
Riccardo Riccò : He was previously ejected from the 2008 Tour de France for doping violations and suspended.
Riccardo Riccò : He also won a stage and finished second in Settimana internazionale di Coppi e Bartali.
Riccardo Riccò : Riccardo Riccò (born 1 September 1983 in Formigine) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Italy.
Abimael Guzmán : Eventually two of the judges recused themselves and the trial ended in chaos.
Abimael Guzmán : The Shining Path organization is recognized by the U.S. Department of State as "Designated Foreign Terrorist Organization".
Abimael Guzmán : He further argued that this was a step towards achieving "strategic equilibrium" in the near future, based on Maoist theories of waging people's war.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán has always identified with atheism.
Abimael Guzmán : Others held that it was either a forgery or an insincere statement made under duress.
Abimael Guzmán : His classmates at the university later described him as shy, disciplined, obsessive, and ascetic.
Abimael Guzmán : He visited the People's Republic of China with his wife Augusta La Torre for the first time in 1965.
Abimael Guzmán : He claimed that imperialism ultimately "creates disruption and is unsuccessful, and it will end up in ruins in the next 50 to 100 years".
Abimael Guzmán : In the 1960s, the Peruvian Communist Party had splintered over ideological and personal disputes.
Abimael Guzmán : From 1939 to 1946, Guzmán lived with his mother's family.
Abimael Guzmán : This declaration split the Shining Path and raised questions about the organization's future.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán applied this criticism not only to U.S. imperialism, but also Soviet imperialism, to what he termed as "social-imperialism".
Abimael Guzmán : He attracted several like-minded young academics committed to bringing about revolution in Peru.
Abimael Guzmán : The Shining Path movement was at first largely confined to academic circles in Peruvian universities.
Abimael Guzmán : In the late 1970s, however, the movement developed into a guerrilla group centered around Ayacucho.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán claimed that such an equilibrium would manifest itself by ungovernability under the "old order."
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán's re-trial began on 5 November 2004.
Abimael Guzmán : His dissertations were entitled "The Kantian Theory of Space" and "The Bourgeois Democratic State".
Abimael Guzmán : The court agreed, declaring that the military trials had been unconstitutional and ordering new trials before civilian courts.
Abimael Guzmán : When that moment arrived, Guzmán believed that Shining Path would be ready to move on to its "strategic offensive".
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán appeared several times on Peruvian television and on October 1, 1993, he publicly declared "peace" with the Peruvian government.
Abimael Guzmán : He agreed with Karl Marx about religion as the "opium of the people", and viewed it as a "social phenomena product of the exploitation and that will extinguish while exploitation finishes to be swept and a new society arise".
Abimael Guzmán : Shining Path eventually grew to control vast rural territories in central and southern Peru and achieved a presence even in the outskirts of Lima, where it staged numerous attacks.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán adopted the "nom de guerre" Presidente or Comrade Gonzalo and began advocating a peasant-led revolution on the Maoist model.
Abimael Guzmán : He went underground in the mid-1970s to become the leader of the Shining Path movement, which began what it called "the armed struggle" on 17 May 1980.
Abimael Guzmán : Subsequently, he is said to have negotiated with a presidential advisor at the time, Vladimiro Montesinos, in order to receive some benefits in exchange for helping the Peruvian government put an end to the Shining Path's militant activities.
Abimael Guzmán : At Arequipa, Guzmán completed bachelor's degrees in philosophy and law.
Abimael Guzmán : The rector was Dr. Efraín Morote Best, an anthropologist who some believe later became the true intellectual leader of the "Shining Path movement."
Abimael Guzmán : In 1989, Guzmán declared that the Shining Path (which he referred to as the "Communist Party of Peru") had progressed from waging a people's war to waging a "war of movements."
Abimael Guzmán : The purpose of Shining Path's campaign was to demoralize and undermine the government of Peru in order to create a situation conducive to a violent coup which would put its leaders in power.
Abimael Guzmán : Although there is little doubt that Guzmán was indeed the leader of the Shining Path, more than 5,000 individuals presented an appeal to Peru's Constitutional Court in 2003 asking that the verdicts against more than 1,800 prisoners convicted of terrorism, including Guzmán, be voided.
Abimael Guzmán : The Truth and Reconciliation Commission later estimated that the resulting conflict led to the deaths of some seventy thousand people, approximately half of them at the hands of the Shining Path and a third at the hands of the state.
Abimael Guzmán : In May 1980, the group launched its war against the government of Peru by burning the ballot boxes in Chuschi, a village near Ayacucho, in an effort to disrupt the first democratic elections in the country since 1964.
Abimael Guzmán : After serving as the head of personnel for San Cristóbal of Huamanga University, Guzmán left the institution in the mid-1970s and went underground.
Abimael Guzmán : In his political declarations, Guzmán praised Mao's development of Lenin's thesis regarding "the role of imperialism" in propping up the "bourgeois capitalist system".
Abimael Guzmán : After 1947 he lived with his father and his father's wife in the city of Arequipa, where he studied at Colegio De La Salle, a private Catholic secondary school.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán's mother, Berenice Reynoso, died when he was only five years old.
Abimael Guzmán : At the age of 19, he became a student at the Social Studies department of San Agustín National University, in Arequipa.
Abimael Guzmán : Encouraged by Morote, Guzmán studied Quechua, the language spoken by Peru's indigenous population, and became increasingly active in left-wing political circles.
Abimael Guzmán : Increasingly attracted by Marxism, his political thinking was influenced by the book "Seven Essays on the Interpretation of the Peruvian Reality" of José Carlos Mariátegui, the founder of the Communist Party of Peru.
Abimael Guzmán : His followers declared Guzmán, who cultivated anonymity, to be the "Fourth Sword of Communism" (after Marx, Lenin, and Mao).
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán's third trial began in September 2005 and was opened and closed amid a media blackout.
Abimael Guzmán : The Shining Path targeted not only the army and police, but also government employees at all levels, other leftist militants such as members of the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA), workers who did not participate in the strikes organized by the group, peasants who cooperated with the government in any way (including by voting in democratic elections), and ordinary middle-class inhabitants of Peru's main cities.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán was born in the village of Tambo near Mollendo, a port town in the province of Islay, in the region of Arequipa, about south of Lima.
Abimael Guzmán : After a three-day trial, Guzmán was sentenced to life imprisonment and incarcerated at the naval base on the island of San Lorenzo off the coast of Lima.
Abimael Guzmán : Manuel Rubén Abimael Guzmán Reynoso (; ; born 3 December 1934), also known by the nom de guerre Chairman Gonzalo (), is the former leader of the Shining Path during the Maoist insurgency known as the internal conflict in Peru.
Abimael Guzmán : In 1962, Guzmán was recruited as a professor of philosophy by the rector of San Cristóbal of Huamanga University in Ayacucho, a city in the central Peruvian Andes.
Abimael Guzmán : Guzmán, who had taken a pro-Chinese rather than pro-Soviet line, emerged as the leader of the faction which came to be known as the "Shining Path" (Mariátegui wrote once: "Marxism–Leninism is the shining path of the future").
Federico Villagra : Federico Villagra (born May 21, 1969) is an Argentine rally driver competing in the Argentine Rally Championship.
Federico Villagra : He had previously competed in the World Rally Championship for the Munchi's Ford World Rally Team.
Óscar Sonejee : Óscar Sonejee Masand (born 26 March 1976) is an Andorran former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Óscar Sonejee : He instead joined FC Andorra, an Andorran team that competes in the Spanish football league system.
Gus Van Sant : It was never released.
Gus Van Sant : After spending time in Europe, Van Sant went to Los Angeles in 1976.
Gus Van Sant : Gus Green Van Sant Jr. (born July 24, 1952) is an American film director, screenwriter, painter, photographer, musician, and author who has earned acclaim as both an independent and mainstream filmmaker.
Gus Van Sant : He secured a job as a production assistant to filmmaker Ken Shapiro, with whom he developed a few ideas, none of which came to fruition.
TWiiNS : On May 15, 2010, Daniela Nízlová (now Jančichová) was married to TWiiNS manager Braňo Jančich.
TWiiNS : TWiiNS were a Slovak twin pop duo consisting of sisters Daniela and Veronika Nízlová who were born on 15 May 1986 in Hronský Beňadik.
TWiiNS : The twins were background singers and dancers for Tereza Kerndlová, the Czech entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
TWiiNS : The duo are known for their cover of Italian singer Sabrina Salerno's "Boys (Summertime Love)" under the title "Boys, Boys, Boys" featuring German rapper Carlprit in January 2010.
Armin van Buuren : ".
Armin van Buuren : He was voted No.
Armin van Buuren : 18 in 2000.
Armin van Buuren : Another major collaboration followed this.
Armin van Buuren : The single is titled "Another You" featuring Mr Probz.
Armin van Buuren : Their daughter Fenna was born in July 2011.
Armin van Buuren : Released as a single, this track reached Gold status.
Armin van Buuren : That year he also received the Key to (Freedom) of Leiden from the City Mayor, as well as being voted No.
Armin van Buuren : A fourth album, "Transparence", followed in 2002.
Armin van Buuren : The title was released on 12 November 2010 exclusively for the Wii console.
Armin van Buuren : He began working as a DJ in Club Nexus, playing multiple sets a week, most of which lasted six or more hours.
Armin van Buuren : The first release, Gig – "One", was well received.
Armin van Buuren : As his musical career began to take off, he put his law degree on hold, but he did return to graduate from law school in 2003.
Armin van Buuren : While he was performing live together with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, King Willem-Alexander, Queen Máxima and their three daughters made an unplanned visit on stage.
Armin van Buuren : "Eternity" received club and chart success and was signed to Paul van Dyk's imprint Vandit Records.
Armin van Buuren : His performance with his brother at Together As One was also the last event of his "Armin Only: Imagine" world tour.
Armin van Buuren : The first single "Full Focus", was released through iTunes Store on 24 June.
Armin van Buuren : As the title of the tour suggests, it will be based around the collection of music that he's showcased on his new album.
Armin van Buuren : He regularly appeared at Amnesia on the island of Ibiza, Balearic Islands, Spain.
Armin van Buuren : The third album, "In Motion" was released 6 August 2001.
Armin van Buuren : The first event was celebrated at Ministry of Sound in London on 1 March 2012.
Armin van Buuren : In 1996, Van Buuren released "EP" and "Push" on Timeless Records.
Armin van Buuren : This was followed by the release of his collaboration with Cosmic Gate "Embargo" on 22 October 2015.
Armin van Buuren : In 1999, he met Dave Lewis who introduced him as a DJ in England and the United States.
Armin van Buuren : After being signed to AM PM Records, this track entered the UK Singles Chart at No.
Armin van Buuren : was released on Black Hole Recordings and Alibi – "Eternity" was released on Armind.
Armin van Buuren : Another successful track, "Communication", was released under the same label and became popular in Ibiza, Spain in the summer of 1999.
Armin van Buuren : His second album, "Basic Instinct" featured a new track: "Perpetuous Dreamer" – "The Sound of Goodbye".
Armin van Buuren : By the time of his third release, Gimmick – "Free" was signed to R&S Records.
Armin van Buuren : The final show was held in Sydney on 16 April at Acer Arena.
Armin van Buuren : Kiev's show was performed at International Exhibition Centre on 10 March.
Armin van Buuren : A complete list of stations that broadcast "A State of Trance" can be found at the ASOT section of Armin's website.
Armin van Buuren : It features collaboration with singers such as Jacqueline Govaert of Krezip.
Armin van Buuren : On 7 March, Moscow held the second event at Expocentre.
Armin van Buuren : The song peaked at number 60 in the Netherlands.
Armin van Buuren : This track entered the Dutch charts in June 2001 at number 26.
Armin van Buuren : He collaborated with his brother, guitarist Eller van Buuren, at Together As One in Los Angeles, U.S., on New Year's Eve 2009, as well as on Armin's 2008 studio album "Imagine".
Armin van Buuren : Armin also wrote a song for English singer Seal, but due to the release of his greatest hits album, "Hits", the collaboration never came together.
Armin van Buuren : He was inspired by French electronic music composer Jean-Michel Jarre.
Armin van Buuren : This edition of the tour will be titled "Armin Only: Embrace" and is set to take place throughout both 2015 and 2016.
Armin van Buuren : The second release, "Touch Me" under the name Rising Star, was signed to Ministry of Sound in the UK, before the record was released.
Armin van Buuren : He was voted number one DJ in the 2009 "DJ Mag" for the third consecutive year.
Armin van Buuren : In 2002, he had a residency at Glow in Washington D.C., and played across North America.
Armin van Buuren : Since 2001, he has hosted "A State of Trance", a weekly radio show, which is broadcast to nearly 40 million listeners in 84 countries on over 100 FM radio stations.
Armin van Buuren : On 18 September 2009, Van Buuren married Erika van Thiel.
Armin van Buuren : Van Buuren graduated from the Stedelijk Gymnasium Leiden in 1995, and studied law at Leiden University.
Armin van Buuren : In the United States, he holds the record for most entries, twenty-one, on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
Armin van Buuren : The show was called "A State of Trance 550: Invasion".
Armin van Buuren : It is now a weekly feature on Radio 538, the Dutch radio station, DI.FM, an online radio station, and on XM Satellite Radio, channel 52 in the United States and Canada.
Armin van Buuren : Van Buuren announced just hours before he was due to headline the main stage at Tomorrowland (27 July 2013) that his wife had given birth to a son, Remy.
Armin van Buuren : His first compilation album, "A State of Trance" (not to be confused with his weekly "A State of Trance" radio shows), sold 10,000 copies and contains Van Buuren's remix of Moogwai, "Viola".
Armin van Buuren : Under the pseudonym Gaia he released "4 Elements" on Captivating Sounds, a sub-label of Warner Brothers.
Armin van Buuren : In 2014, he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording for his single "This Is What It Feels Like" featuring Trevor Guthrie, which makes him the fourth trance artist ever to receive a Grammy Award nomination.
Armin van Buuren : The show was called "A State of Trance 600: The Expedition".
Armin van Buuren : On 17 March, as part of the Beyond Wonderland festival in Los Angeles and on 25 March at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami.
Armin van Buuren : In this weekly two-hour show, entitled "A State of Trance", he plays the latest popular trance music tracks, and publishes the artists and track titles on his website.
Armin van Buuren : He then performed in Argentina at GEBA in Buenos Aires, followed by a large event at Brabanthallen in Den Bosch, Netherlands which included more than 30 DJs from countries all over the world and was attended by over 30,000 people.
Armin van Buuren : Together with Ferry Corsten, Van Buuren recorded a riff titled "Exhale" for the System F album, "Out of the Blue".
Armin van Buuren : The second single released from the album, "In and Out of Love", featuring Sharon den Adel from the band Within Temptation, has spawned a music video that has been viewed over 212 million times on YouTube.
Armin van Buuren : In 2003, he worked with such artists such as DJ Seth Alan Fannin throughout a global tour on Dance Revolution in Europe, selling out to crowds of 20,000 people in the Netherlands.
Armin van Buuren : 30 April 2013 saw the abdication of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands in favor of her son, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, who was crowned that day.
Armin van Buuren : Van Buuren was the headline act in a performance to a live audience celebrating the King's crowning in Amsterdam.
Armin van Buuren : One of the confirmed tracks from the album is a collaboration with English singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor called "Not Giving Up on Love", which was released as a single from Bextor's fourth studio album, "Make a Scene".
Armin van Buuren : Since the release of "Imagine", Van Buuren has been working with Benno de Goeij of Rank 1 on solo productions and remixes.
Armin van Buuren : Three weeks after releasing "Another You", Van Buuren also debuted another remix from "Game of Thrones" official theme which is originally made by composer Ramin Djawadi.
Armin van Buuren : To accompany the album's release, Van Buuren announced the return of the "Armin Only" series of parties.
Armin van Buuren : During this year, he remixed the first two singles of Gouryella ("Gouryella" and "Walhalla") and, under the guise of Rising Star, produced a remix of "L'Esperanza", a song by Airscape.
Armin van Buuren : Van Buuren had his first success with a track called "Blue Fear", which was released under the Cyber Records label in 1997.
Armin van Buuren : With the new accommodations made possible by the studio, he introduced a new segment of the radio show called Service for Dreamers where he invites fans to send in their favorite trance tracks that have a special meaning to them.
Armin van Buuren : When ID&T Radio changed genres in 2004, Van Buuren moved "A State of Trance" to Fresh FM and later SLAM!FM, two Dutch radio stations.
Armin van Buuren : The locations were: The Guvernment, Toronto, Canada on 1 April 2010, Roseland Ballroom, New York City on 2 April and on 3 April again, Expo Arena, Bratislava, Slovakia on 9 April and Centennial Hall, Wroclaw, Poland on 24 April.
Armin van Buuren : In the beginning of 1999, Van Buuren started his label Armind together with United Recordings.
Armin van Buuren : To celebrate the 600th episode of "A State of Trance", Van Buuren announced that he would perform with various artists all around the world in early 2014.
Armin van Buuren : The album debuted at number one on the Dutch Albums Chart.
Armin van Buuren : On 31 March, the biggest and final edition of ASOT 550 took place in the Brabanthallen of Den Bosch, Netherlands.
Armin van Buuren : On the album Van Buuren worked with artists such as Pakistani-American singer Nadia Ali, English singer Justine Suissa and American trance duo Gabriel & Dresden.
Armin van Buuren : In March 2001, Van Buuren started his own radio show on ID&T Radio (traditionally broadcast in Dutch and later English since ASOT 183).
Armin van Buuren : 2 in the 2011 "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : In October that year, Van Buuren was voted number 5 in the "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : Armin Jozef Jacobus Daniël van Buuren ( , ; born 25 December 1976) is a Dutch DJ, record producer and remixer from South Holland.
Armin van Buuren : It was announced that the show would tour the world, including stops in Madrid, Mexico City, São Paulo, Minsk, Sofia, Beirut, Kuala Lumpur, Mumbai, Miami, Guatemala City, New York City, and Den Bosch.
Armin van Buuren : He was voted number two in the 2006 "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : On 12 September 2010, Van Buuren launched "A State of Sundays", a new weekly 24-hour radio show aired on Sirius XM Radio.
Armin van Buuren : Also in 2009, Foreign Media Games announced the production of "", a music video game being produced in collaboration with Cloud 9 Music and Van Buuren's Armada Music label.
Armin van Buuren : Armin van Buuren was born in Leiden, on 25 December 1976, but grew up in Koudekerk aan den Rijn.
Armin van Buuren : In 2000, Van Buuren started his own Armin van Buuren compilation series, a mix of progressive house and vocal trance styles of music.
Armin van Buuren : In 2017, Armin van Buuren announced he will be releasing an online MasterClass sharing his expertise in electronic music production.
Armin van Buuren : On 23 June 2010, it was announced that Van Buuren's fourth studio album, "Mirage" was due to be released on 10 September.
Armin van Buuren : A week later he was announced, for the fourth year running, as the number one DJ in "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : On 26 January 2014, Armin van Buuren attended the 56th Grammy Awards, in relation to his Grammy Award nomination for the single featuring Trevor Guthrie, "This Is What It Feels Like" in the category of Best Dance Recording.
Armin van Buuren : On 12 January 2008, Van Buuren was given the "Buma Cultuur Pop Award," the most prestigious Dutch music award.
Armin van Buuren : The 2010 edition of "Armin Only: Mirage" kicked off in November 2010, in Utrecht, Netherlands, and was followed by shows in Saint Petersburg, Kiev, Buenos Aires, Melbourne, Beirut, Poznań, Moscow and Bratislava.
Armin van Buuren : 1 in the 2008 "DJ Mag" again.
Armin van Buuren : On 16 October 2015 Armin van Buuren released the next single from "Embrace" called "Strong Ones" featuring Cimo Fränkel.
Armin van Buuren : In March and April, 2011, celebrating the 500th episode of his radio show, Van Buuren performed five live shows along with various artists; the first was in Johannesburg, South Africa at MTN Expo Centre, and the second in Miami's Ultra Music Festival.
Armin van Buuren : On 3 March 2010, Van Buuren was awarded with the Golden Harp for his musical work and contribution to Dutch music, by Buma/Stemra at the 2010 Buma Harpen Gala in Hilversum, Netherlands.
Armin van Buuren : On 17 April 2008, Van Buuren released his third studio album, "Imagine".
Armin van Buuren : On 2 February 2017, Armin van Buuren officially opened a new A State of Trance radio show studio in Amsterdam as part of his celebrations for the 800th episode of the radio show.
Armin van Buuren : In June 2003, Van Buuren celebrated the 100th episode of "A State of Trance" at Bloomingdale, Bloemendaal aan Zee, Netherlands and released his debut studio album, "76", a 76-minute album divided into 13 tracks.
Armin van Buuren : On 19 October 2013, Armin van Buuren was ranked number two DJ in the world by "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : On 20 October 2010, Van Buuren won the award for Most Popular International DJ presented by The Golden Gnomes.
Armin van Buuren : To celebrate the 400th episode of "A State of Trance", he performed at three shows with various artists in April, 2009 at Club Butan, Wuppertal, Germany, AIR, Birmingham, United Kingdom and Maassilo, Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Armin van Buuren : In 2011, van Buuren was appointed Officer of the Order of Orange Nassau for his services to music.
Armin van Buuren : On 8 August 2005, Van Buuren released his second studio album, "Shivers".
Armin van Buuren : On 8 May 2015, Armin van Buuren released the first single from his sixth studio album, "Embrace", which was released on 29 October 2015.
Armin van Buuren : To celebrate the 550th episode of "A State of Trance", he performed with various artists on two different continents during fourth weeks.
Armin van Buuren : To celebrate the 450th episode of "A State of Trance", he performed with various artists at five shows across two continents.
Armin van Buuren : In 2011, Van Buuren was appointed Officer of the Order of Oranje-Nassau for services to Dutch dance and music economy.
Armin van Buuren : On 19 October 2012, Van Buuren was announced for a fifth non-consecutive year as the world's number one DJ according to "DJ Mag".
Armin van Buuren : On 2 June 2005, he celebrated the 200th episode of "A State of Trance" at the Museumplein of Amsterdam.
Armin van Buuren : On 1 May 2008, he celebrated with various artists the 350th episode of "A State of Trance" at Noxx, Antwerp, Belgium.
Armin van Buuren : On 25 May 2006, he celebrated with various artists the 250th episode of "A State of Trance" at Asta, The Hague, Netherlands.
Luol Deng : He prepares well.
Luol Deng : He's great at executing offensively and defensively.
Luol Deng : "Luol's professional.
Luol Deng : He studies his opponent.
Luol Deng : He practices hard.
Luol Deng : When they were granted political asylum, his family emigrated to Brixton, South London.
Luol Deng : He was named First Team All-America by "Parade" and USA Today, and was selected to play in the McDonald's High School All-America game, but could not play due to a foot injury.
Luol Deng : He's helped this team get better every day", said Thibodeau.
Luol Deng : During his senior year, Deng was considered the second most promising high school senior in America after LeBron James.
Luol Deng : When he was young, his father Aldo, a member of the Sudanese parliament, moved the family to Egypt to escape the Second Sudanese Civil War.
Luol Deng : Deng was born in Wau, Sudan (now South Sudan) and is a member of the Dinka ethnic group.
Luol Deng : This was also Deng's seventh season averaging double figures.
Luol Deng : After one year at Duke, Deng entered the 2004 NBA draft.
Luol Deng : Throughout the season, Deng significantly improved his 3-point shooting after coach Tom Thibodeau asked him to.
Luol Deng : Coach Thibodeau has consistently called Deng the "glue" that holds the Bulls together.
Luol Deng : On 31 March 2011, Eric Bressman of "Dime" magazine called Deng "the most underrated player" writing he was "never the face of the franchise but always the backbone".
Luol Deng : He made his debut against Georgia in Pau, France, on 9 August 2007, scoring 19 points.
Luol Deng : He was picked seventh overall by the Phoenix Suns, but was immediately traded to the Chicago Bulls by prior agreement.
Luol Deng : In the playoffs, the Bulls faced off against the Miami Heat in a best of 7 game series.
Luol Deng : On 27 December 2006, Deng was driving in the lane when Miami Heat player James Posey grabbed him, causing concern that Deng may have re-injured his wrist.
Luol Deng : Deng represented England at Under-16 and Under-19 level, and was an ambassador for the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Luol Deng : In the past four seasons, Deng attempted 132 3-point shots, whereas this season he attempted 333, hitting 115 for a 34%.
Luol Deng : In Egypt, they met former NBA center Manute Bol, another Dinka, who taught Deng's older brother, Ajou Deng, how to play basketball while also serving as a mentor for Luol himself.
Luol Deng : In his second season, he posted strong performances throughout March and April to help the Bulls earn their second consecutive playoff berth.
Luol Deng : Deng played in 61 games and averaged 11.7 points per game.
Luol Deng : He developed an interest in football, admiring Faustino Asprilla of Newcastle United, but also continued to play basketball, and was invited to join England's 15-and-under team in that sport.
Luol Deng : Deng came off the bench in all six games, averaging ten points per game.
Luol Deng : At the age of 14, Luol moved to the United States to play basketball at Blair Academy in New Jersey, where one of his teammates was future NBA player Charlie Villanueva.
Luol Deng : For the 2006–07 season, Deng was the only Bull to start all 82 regular season games.
Luol Deng : Luol Ajou Deng (born 16 April 1985) is a South Sudanese-British former professional basketball player.
Luol Deng : Deng had four straight double-double performances from 28 February to 5 March, with at least ten points and rebounds in each game.
Luol Deng : On 24 February 2011, Deng scored 20 points, 10 rebounds, and hit the game winning 3-point shot with 16 seconds left on the clock in a game against the Miami Heat.
Luol Deng : In October 2006, Deng became a naturalised British citizen in a ceremony in Croydon and was called up to play in European competition for the Great Britain team.
Luol Deng : On 1 November 2010, Deng scored a new career-high 40 points, hitting 14 of his 19 shots, along with 9 of 11 free throws, against the Portland Trail Blazers, scoring a point a minute.
Luol Deng : On 7 July 2016, Deng signed a four-year, $72 million contract with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Luol Deng : On 8 February, Deng recorded his first double-double vs. the Dallas Mavericks.
Luol Deng : Deng suffered a season-ending wrist injury late in his rookie season, but still made the NBA All-Rookie First Team to help the resurgent Bulls return to the playoffs for the first time in seven years.
Luol Deng : During the first round of the playoffs against the Indiana Pacers, Deng averaged 18.6 points and 6.2 rebounds per game, being the second leading scorer of the team behind Derrick Rose.
Luol Deng : His offensive statistics improved in his sophomore season, increasing his scoring to 14.3 points per game, and increasing his rebounding to 6.6 per game, up from a 5.3 average his rookie season.
Luol Deng : Deng finished the season averaging 17.4 points and 5.8 rebounds per game, being the third lead scorer for the Chicago Bulls behind Derrick Rose (25.0) and Carlos Boozer (17.5).
Luol Deng : On 15 July 2014, Deng signed with the Miami Heat.
Damien Gaudin : Damien Gaudin (born 20 August 1986 in Beaupréau) is a French road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Dani Mateo : He graduated in journalism at the Autonomous University of Barcelona, and launched his professional career in local radio.
Dani Mateo : On November 5, 2007 he joined the program on La Sexta, "Sé lo que hicisteis..." as news and sports commentator.
Dani Mateo : On August 29, 2011 he became part of the comedy news program "El intermedio" in La Sexta.
Dani Mateo : His was initially a supporting character, but the departure of Daniel Guzmán (in the original starring role) combined with other factors to elevate him to the leading role.
Dani Mateo : with Ángel Martín, his coworker and great friend with whom he shared flat in Barcelona.
Dani Mateo : He collaborated in the TV program "Fenómenos" and in the radio program "Anda ya", of Los 40 Principales.
Dani Mateo : Later he worked for several broadcasters in Catalonia including: Catalunya Cultura, Onda Cero, Radio Gràcia, Onda Catalana, RAC 1, and Flaix FM.
Dani Mateo : Through his friendship with Martin Piñol, who he came to know in his radio career, he emerged into the world of monologues and Paramount Comedy, coming to form a part of the staff of humorists' at the television channel.
Dani Mateo : Daniel Mateo Patau (Granollers, Barcelona, Spain, on June 1, 1979) is a Spanish comedian, actor and radio and tv host famous for his work in the program "Sé lo que hicisteis..." in La Sexta channel.
Dani Mateo : In the program, to report on his section, he also took part in sketches of the program close to the rest of the staff, playing the role of characters such as Dani Güiza, Jordi (a fan of the Barça), Flipy or El Esmirriao (affectionate nickname on the part of the program for Isaac, Falete’s ex-boyfriend), and shared a small section dedicated to the current importance of the qualified television titled "¿Qué está pasando?"
Dani Mateo : He has been employed at the Televisió de Catalunya (TV3), has been a collaborator in different radio stations and, from April, 2004 he presented the program "Noche sin tregua" on Paramount Comedy.
Pedro López Muñoz : He continued to start regularly in the following seasons, suffering top division relegation in 2009–10.
Pedro López Muñoz : Born in Torrent, Valencian Community, López was a product of Valencia CF's youth system.
Pedro López Muñoz : López joined Real Valladolid in summer 2005, playing 36 matches for a side that achieved top flight promotion two years later.
Pedro López Muñoz : During 11 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 235 matches and five goals, in representation of Racing de Santander, Valladolid and Levante.
Pedro López Muñoz : The team finished a best-ever sixth in his debut season, subsequently qualifying for the UEFA Europa League in which he played eight matches to help them reach the quarter-finals.
Pedro López Muñoz : On 14 December 2008, firmly established as first-choice right-back, López netted from his half in a 3–0 home win over Deportivo de La Coruña.
Pedro López Muñoz : He scored his first goal for the club the following campaign, a brilliant long-range strike during the 1–1 home draw against Real Madrid on 23 September 2007.
Pedro López Muñoz : Pedro López Muñoz (born 1 November 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer as a right back for SD Huesca.
Sergio Navarro : Sergio Raúl Navarro Rodríguez (born February 20, 1936 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean former footballer.
Jelle Nijdam : Jelle Nijdam (born 16 August 1963 in Zundert) is a Dutch former professional cyclist.
Hilton Clarke : Hilton Clarke (born 7 November 1979) is an Australian cyclist.
Nathan Delfouneso : Nathan Abayomi Delfouneso (born 2 February 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Blackpool.
Carlos Da Cruz : In his 11-year career, he rode for BigMat-Auber93 between 1997 and 2000, Festina in 2001 and then for UCI ProTeam Française des Jeux between 2002 and 2007.
Joaquín Sabina : His revolutionary ideology led him to be related to the anti-fascist groups.
Joaquín Sabina : He has released fourteen studio albums, two live albums, and three compilation albums.
Joaquín Sabina : In 1987 Sabina released his fifth studio album, "Hotel, Dulce Hotel" "(Hotel, Sweet Hotel)", which sold a large number of records in Spain (400.000 copies).
Joaquín Sabina : After completing high school, his father wanted him to follow in his footsteps and become a police officer but he refused, saying that he preferred the guitar.
Joaquín Sabina : Sabina lived at first with a woman called Lesley and started to prepare his thesis.
Joaquín Sabina : His later albums "Esta boca es mía" "(This Mouth is Mine)", "Yo, mi, me, contigo" "(I, my, me, with you)" and "19 Días y 500 Noches" "(19 Days and 500 Nights)", won him wider recognition and multiple platinum albums.
Joaquín Sabina : In a local bar called "Mexicano-Taverna" Sabina performed in the presence of George Harrison, who was celebrating his birthday.
Joaquín Sabina : The album release was accompanied by a DVD that includes interviews, music videos, acoustic versions of the songs, and home-made recordings.
Joaquín Sabina : In 2007, he went on tour with Spanish singer Joan Manuel Serrat, called "Dos Pájaros de un Tiro" "(Two birds with one stone)" and they recorded a CD of this tour, which includes the DVD of the concert and a documentary.
Joaquín Sabina : He later released a double album called "Diario de un peatón" "(A Pedestrian's Diary)", which included both his previous album and 12 new songs, along with a book illustrated by him.
Joaquín Sabina : In 2012 he released his latest album in collaboration with Joan Manuel Serrat: "La Orquesta Del Titanic".
Joaquín Sabina : Sabina suffered a stroke in 2001 and although he physically recovered, he entered a deep depression which resulted in a four-year-long concert hiatus.
Joaquín Sabina : In 2009, he received the prize of the city of Madrid from the mayor Alberto Ruiz Gallardón, who said that he was one of the most important people who had given a good image to the city.
Joaquín Sabina : He attended a high school run by the Salesians of Don Bosco and during this period he began reading works by Fray Luis de León, Jorge Manrique, José Hierro, Marcel Proust, James Joyce and Herbert Marcuse.
Joaquín Sabina : Joaquín Ramón Martínez Sabina (born 12 February 1949), known artistically simply as Joaquín Sabina, is a singer, songwriter, and poet from the Andalusia region of southern Spain.
Joaquín Sabina : He was part of a band called "Merry Youngs" which imitated singers such as Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry and Little Richard, as well as many others.
Joaquín Sabina : He is the second son of Adela Sabina del Campo and Jerónimo Martínez Gallego.
Evers Burns : Evers Allen Burns (born August 24, 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the 2nd round (31st overall) of the 1993 NBA draft.
Jeremy Sumpter : His family moved to his mother's hometown, Mount Sterling, Kentucky, when he was ten months old.
Jeremy Sumpter : When Sumpter was 11, he entered International Modeling and Talent Association and started his modeling in Kentucky.
Jeremy Sumpter : To prepare, he says he practiced sword fighting as much as five hours a day, as well as training in gymnastics and lifting weights.
Jeremy Sumpter : In December 2015, Sumpter announced he was engaged to Lauren Pacheco, but on October 28, 2016, he confirmed he was no longer engaged.
Jeremy Sumpter : Following that, he appeared with Danny Glover in the Showtime film "Just a Dream", for which he received a Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a TV Movie, Mini-Series or Special - Leading Young Actor".
Jeremy Sumpter : Jeremy Robert Myron Sumpter (born February 5, 1989) is an American actor.
Jeremy Sumpter : He was working with actress Rachel Hurd-Wood and built a strong relationship with her.
Jeremy Sumpter : His prominent roles include the title role in the 2003 live action film "Peter Pan", Jacob in the 2014 disaster film "Into the Storm", and the recurring role of J. D. McCoy in the NBC television series "Friday Night Lights" (2008–2010).
Jeremy Sumpter : In July 2002, at age 13, Sumpter was selected for the role of Peter Pan.
Andriy Pyatov : He was also part of Ukraine's 2006 World Cup squad which got to the quarter-finals.
Andriy Pyatov : Piatov was a member of the Ukrainian national under-21 team where he has played 20 matches.
Andriy Pyatov : In the 0–0 draw against Croatia, Piatov was instrumental in denying Luka Modrić on two occasions, and as well as other to secure a point for his country.
Andriy Pyatov : He was bought by Shakhtar from Vorskla for approximately £880,000 on 13 December 2006.
Andriy Pyatov : Andrii Valeriiovych Piatov (; born 28 June 1984) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League and the national team.
Andriy Pyatov : In the 2007–08 season, Piatov replaced Bohdan Shust as the main goalkeeper of Shakhtar Donetsk, playing in league, cup, and UEFA Champions League matches, keeping two clean sheets.
Rian Johnson : Johnson was born on December 17, 1973 in Silver Spring, Maryland.
Rian Johnson : That's something that, I pray to God, if I am able to keep making movies, I can only hope, twenty years down the line maybe, I'll be able to approach."
Rian Johnson : He stated: "It moved me in a way that very few other films have moved me.
Rian Johnson : "Looper" was a surprise success at the box office.
Rian Johnson : His brother is music producer Aaron Johnson.
Rian Johnson : Johnson's first short film, "Evil Demon Golfball from Hell!!!
Rian Johnson : Rian and Nathan make up a folk duo called the Preserves.
Rian Johnson : The episode, "Fly", aired on May 23, 2010.
Rian Johnson : "Brick" was released on DVD by Focus Features.
Rian Johnson : His debut film, "Brick", is a crime drama made for just under $500,000.
Rian Johnson : Johnson has made a number of short films, some of which are available on his website.
Rian Johnson : He attended the University of Southern California and graduated from the USC School of Cinematic Arts in 1996.
Rian Johnson : Johnson has often said that he looked to the novels of Dashiell Hammett as inspiration for the film's unique use of language.
Rian Johnson : The film consists of a single shot, depicting Darnielle performing the entire album on guitar and piano with minimal accompaniment.
Rian Johnson : Johnson is a folk singer and banjo player.
Rian Johnson : In 2002, he directed a short film titled "The Psychology of Dream Analysis", which is available to view on his Vimeo account.
Rian Johnson : While the film is classified as a film noir, Johnson claims that no references were made to film noir during production, so as to focus the production away from reproducing a genre piece.
Rian Johnson : He directed a third episode, "Ozymandias", which received high praise from critics, frequently cited as being 'one of the best television episodes' to air.
Rian Johnson : He attended San Clemente High School (graduating in 1992), where "Brick" was predominantly filmed.
Rian Johnson : He is a professed fan of the band and was asked to direct the video when bandleader John Darnielle noticed a reference to them in the credits for "Brick".
Rian Johnson : Set in the near future, it has been described as dark science fiction, and involves hitmen whose victims are sent from the future.
Rian Johnson : The film opened the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and the 2012 Palo Alto International Film Festival.
Rian Johnson : After working with Joseph Gordon-Levitt on "Brick", the two shot a short film in Paris, France titled "Escargots".
Rian Johnson : A song is credited to "The Hospital Bombers Experience", which is a reference to the Mountain Goats song titled "The Best Ever Death Metal Band in Denton".
Rian Johnson : Johnson's film career was largely inspired by "Annie Hall", a film that he said "broke so many rules in terms of film narrative."
Rian Johnson : His cousin Nathan Johnson composed the scores for "Brick", "The Brothers Bloom", "Looper", and "Knives Out".
Rian Johnson : This film was screened in New York City, Chicago, Seattle, and Portland, Oregon upon its completion, and was released as a limited edition DVD on Record Store Day (April 17, 2010).
Rian Johnson : His short film from high school titled "Ninja Ko" is available as an easter egg on the "Brick" DVD.
Rian Johnson : The "Brothers Bloom" DVD features a short, Buster Keaton-esque silent film he made in college.
Rian Johnson : ", loosely based on Edgar Allan Poe's "The Tell-Tale Heart", was included as an easter egg on the "Looper" Blu-ray.
Rian Johnson : Johnson also directed a live performance film of the Mountain Goats' 2009 album "The Life of the World to Come".
Rian Johnson : Rian Craig Johnson (born December 17, 1973) is an American filmmaker.
Rian Johnson : Johnson directed the episode "Manifest Destiny" of the TV series "Terriers".
Rian Johnson : Johnson directed the video for the Mountain Goats' song "Woke Up New" in 2006.
Rian Johnson : Johnson directed a second episode of the show, "Fifty-One", which aired on August 5, 2012, and earned him a Directors Guild of America Award.
Rian Johnson : He is known for writing and directing the neo-noir film "Brick" (2005), the comedy-drama "The Brothers Bloom" (2008), the science-fiction thriller "Looper" (2012), the space opera "" (2017), and the murder-mystery "Knives Out" (2019), the lattermost of which was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and earned Johnson a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
Rian Johnson : In March 2010, Johnson announced that he was directing an episode of the TV series "Breaking Bad" for its third season.
Rian Johnson : Johnson's second film, "The Brothers Bloom", is a con-man story released in theaters in May 2009 to moderately positive critical reviews.
Rian Johnson : Johnson's third film, "Looper", began shooting in Louisiana on January 24, 2011 and was released on September 28, 2012, by TriStar Pictures and FilmDistrict.
Zvonimir Boban : He has also become a football pundit on Croatian and Italian television, working most notably for Sky Italia and RTL Televizija.
Zvonimir Boban : He is currently the Chief Football Officer of AC Milan.
Zvonimir Boban : Zvonimir Boban (; born 8 October 1968) is a Croatian former footballer who was Deputy Secretary General of FIFA.
Zvonimir Boban : Boban played a big part in Yugoslavia's win in the 1987 World Youth Championship.
Zvonimir Boban : Having appeared seven times for Yugoslavia, scoring once, Boban was capped 51 times for Croatia, scoring 12 goals, between 1990 and 1999.
Armin Shimerman : When Shimerman was 15, his family moved to Los Angeles, where his mother enrolled him in a drama group in an effort to expand his social circle.
Armin Shimerman : After graduating from UCLA, Shimerman was selected to apprentice at the Old Globe Theater in San Diego.
Armin Shimerman : Armin Shimerman (born November 5, 1949) is an American actor and voice actor.
Armin Shimerman : Returning to Los Angeles, Shimerman received roles in two CBS series, launching his television acting career.
Armin Shimerman : Along with Marina Sirtis, Jonathan Frakes, John de Lancie, Michael Ansara, and Richard Poe, he is one of only a few actors to play the same character on three different "Star Trek" series.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : Nothing was known about it until 10 days later, following an anonymous tip.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : He was captured on April 23, 2008 by the Servicio de Vigilancia Aduanera in Ceuta on drug smuggling and bribery charges, the officials who helped Ahmed were also arrested and sentenced to between two and four years in prison.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : Ahmed was born in Ceuta and grew up in Málaga, Andalusia.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : He became a drug trafficker, transporting over of hashish a year and allegedly making over €30 million a month.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : In December 2007, Ahmed bribed eight officials to help him escape from prison.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : He reportedly had three personal cells for private access to a rooftop where he celebrated banquet dishes made in the most luxurious restaurants in the area, a plasma TV, satellite, computer with internet connection and air conditioning and other amenities.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : Mohamed Taieb Ahmed (Born in 1975 in Ceuta, Spain) is a Spanish-Moroccan drug lord responsible for trafficking hashish across the Strait of Gibraltar and into Spain.
Mohamed Taieb Ahmed : On August 21, 2003, Ahmed was arrested and imprisoned in a maximum security prison in Kenitra, Morocco where he had to serve a sentence of eight years for drug trafficking.
Danilson Córdoba : The left midfielder is member for the Colombia national football team with which he has played three matches this far, against Panama —where Colombia won 4-0—, Mexico and Uruguay.
Danilson Córdoba : On 5 January 2010 Nagoya Grampus have signed the Colombian midfielder on loan from Consadole Sapporo until the remainder of the current season.
Danilson Córdoba : Luis Danilson Córdoba Rodríguez is a Colombian footballer who plays for Independiente Medellín.
Habib Beye : His primary position was as a right-back, though he was also able to play in central defence.
Habib Beye : Beye has been a regular in the Senegal national squad since 2001, and has 35 caps and one goal.
Habib Beye : Habib Beye (born 19 October 1977) is a French-born Senegalese former footballer.
Habib Beye : He appeared a total of 134 times in the league for Strasbourg, scoring 8 goals, before moving to Olympique Marseille in 2003, a move which surprised many as he was a firm favourite at Strasbourg and had established himself as a key player there.
Habib Beye : Beye joined Paris Saint-Germain in 1997, though he progressed no further than the reserve side, playing in the national fifth division.
Habib Beye : He made substitute appearances in Senegal's matches in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, against Denmark, Uruguay and Sweden.
Tom Zé : Tom Zé grew up in the small town of Irará, Bahia in the dry sertão region of the country's Northeast.
Carlos de la Vega : Carlos de la Vega Díaz (born 24 January 1980) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.
Carlos de la Vega : He did not have his first taste of full professional football until the 2008–09 season (he had only played one match with Rayo's first team in 2002–03's La Liga, two minutes) when, after returning to Rayo in the previous year, he was fairly used as the club easily retained its Segunda División status.
Carlos de la Vega : In July 2012, after more than one year out of football, the 32-year-old signed for two seasons with CD Leganés of Segunda División B.
Carlos de la Vega : In late December 2009, unsettled de la Vega was loaned to another side in the second level, SD Huesca, until the end of the season.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Current members
Yngwie Malmsteen : But I don't dwell on them.
Yngwie Malmsteen : The family now resides in Miami Shores, Florida.
Yngwie Malmsteen : I don't expect people to understand me, because I'm pretty complex, and I think outside the box with everything I do.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Obviously, people have their opinions, but I can't get too wrapped up in that, because I know what I can do and I know what kind of person I am.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Malmsteen now uses his signature Seymour Duncan YJM Fury pickups.
Yngwie Malmsteen : On 5 December 2012, Malmsteen released the album "Spellbound".
Yngwie Malmsteen : In a 2005 issue of "Guitar Player" magazine, Malmsteen discussed his often-ridiculed behaviour, saying that, "I've probably made more mistakes than anybody.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Malmsteen was married to Swedish singer Erika Norberg (1991-1992) and was subsequently married to Amber Dawn Landin (1993-1998).
Yngwie Malmsteen : His speaker cabinets are always loaded with Celestion G12T-75 speakers.
Yngwie Malmsteen : He also has a Fender Yngwie Malmsteen Signature Stratocaster since 1986.
Yngwie Malmsteen : "Rising Force" won the Guitar Player Magazine's award for Best Rock Album and was nominated for a Grammy for 'Best Rock Instrumental', reaching no.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Since 1999 he has been married to April Malmsteen, with whom he has a son named Antonio, after Antonio Vivaldi.
Yngwie Malmsteen : On 12 June 2014, Malmsteen kicked off his "Guitar Gods 2014 Tour" at the F.M.
Yngwie Malmsteen : In 2003, Malmsteen joined Joe Satriani and Steve Vai as part of the G3 supergroup, a tour showcasing guitar performances.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Yngwie Johan Malmsteen (; born Lars Johan Yngve Lannerbäck; 30 June 1963) is a Swedish guitarist, songwriter, composer, and bandleader.
Yngwie Malmsteen : Malmsteen has stated that Jimi Hendrix had no musical impact on him and did not contribute to his style, but watching the 18 September 1970 TV special, where Hendrix smashed and burned his guitar, made Malmsteen think, "This is really cool."
Rodrigo Cortés : Rodrigo Cortés Giráldez (born May 31, 1973) is a Spanish film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, writer and occasional actor.
Rodrigo Cortés : The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, and has received considerable acclaim.
Rodrigo Cortés : In 2007 he directed "The Contestant" ("Concursante" in Spanish), his first feature film that was released with critical applause and earned several awards, including the Critic's prize at Málaga Film Festival.
Rodrigo Cortés : In 1998 he directed the short "Yul" that won over 20 awards and in 2001 he released "15 Days", a fake documentary in the form of a large short film that earned over 57 awards at festivals, becoming the most awarded Spanish short film of the time.
Rodrigo Cortés : In 2012 Cortés released "Red Lights", a film about a physicist and a psychology professor who specialise in debunking supernatural phenomena, it stars Robert De Niro, Sigourney Weaver, Cillian Murphy and Elizabeth Olsen.
Manuel Zarzo : Manuel López Zarza (born 26 April 1932) better known as Manuel Zarzo is a Spanish film actor.
Paul Berg : He was also one of the first to demonstrate that folic acid and B cofactors had roles in the processes mentioned.
Paul Berg : Berg's postgraduate studies involved the use of radioisotope tracers to study intermediary metabolism.
Paul Berg : In 1983, Ronald Reagan presented Berg with the National Medal of Science.
Paul Berg : This resulted in the understanding of how foodstuffs are converted to cellular materials, through the use of isotopic carbons or heavy nitrogen atoms.
Paul Berg : Paul Berg's doctorate paper is now known as the conversion of formic acid, formaldehyde and methanol to fully reduced states of methyl groups in methionine.
Paul Berg : Berg was recognized for "his fundamental studies of the biochemistry of nucleic acids, with particular regard to recombinant DNA", while Sanger and Gilbert were honored for "their contributions concerning the determination of base sequences in nucleic acids."
Paul Berg : Berg worked as a professor at Washington University School of Medicine and Stanford University School of Medicine, in addition to serving as the director of the Beckman Center for Molecular and Genetic Medicine.
Paul Berg : He was a professor at Washington University School of Medicine from 1955 until 1959.
Paul Berg : Paul Berg (born June 30, 1926) is an American biochemist and professor emeritus at Stanford University.
Lennie James : He lived in South London and attended school at Ernest Bevin College.
Lennie James : He is the main cook for his family and has professed a fondness for Caribbean cuisine.
Lennie James : He is a fan of Tottenham Hotspur FC and Valencia Club de Fútbol (from Spain).
Lennie James : Lennie James (born 11 October 1965) is an English actor, screenwriter, and playwright.
Lennie James : James attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, graduating in 1988.
Lennie James : They have three daughters together: Romy (born 1990) and twins Celine and Georgia (born 1994).
Lennie James : On 12 October 2014, James made his return to the show in a post-credit scene at the end of the fifth-season premiere and appeared again in a single scene at the end of the mid-season finale on 30 November 2014.
Lennie James : James appeared in a Channel 4 television drama "Fallout" (2008), playing the role of a detective alongside another detective solving a teen-related murder.
Lennie James : On American television, he portrayed the mysterious Robert Hawkins in the CBS series "Jericho" and Detective Joe Geddes in the AMC television series "Low Winter Sun".
Lennie James : James has appeared in more than 20 films, including "Les Misérables" (1998), "Snatch" (2000), "24 Hour Party People" (2002), "Sahara" (2005), and "Outlaw" (2007).
Christopher Lambert : His father was a French Jew.
Christopher Lambert : Lambert married Jaiymse Haft on 6 February 1999.
Christopher Lambert : Lambert was raised in Geneva from infancy and moved to Paris in his teens.
Christopher Lambert : From 2007 he was in a relationship with Sophie Marceau, with whom he appeared in "La disparue de Deauville".
Christopher Lambert : Lambert married Diane Lane in October 1988; they divorced in 1994.
Christopher Lambert : Christophe Guy Denis Lambert (; ; born 29 March 1957), known professionally as Christopher Lambert, is a French American actor, novelist, and producer.
Julio César Manzur : Julio César Manzur Caffarena (born 22 January 1981 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan former football player who last played for Rubio Ñu of the Paraguayan Primera División.
Julio César Manzur : He has won 26 caps for the Paraguay national side.
Andrei Kunitski : Kunitski has won the National Time Trial Championship of Belarus in 2007 and 2008.
Andrei Kunitski : Andrei Kunitski (; born July 2, 1984 in Grodno) is a Belarusian professional road bicycle racer.
Ignacio Ramonet : In addition, Ramonet is one of the founders and president of the NGO Media Watch Global.
Ignacio Ramonet : He continued these studies at Bordeaux, Rabat and Paris.
Ignacio Ramonet : Ramonet published an editorial in December 1997 in LMD on the Tobin tax that led to the launching of ATTAC.
Ignacio Ramonet : Ramonet was born in Redondela (Pontevedra), Spain, in 1943.
Ignacio Ramonet : Ignacio Ramonet Miguez (born 5 May 1943) is a Spanish academic, journalist and writer who has been based in Paris for much of his career.
Emerson Sheik : Márcio Passos de Albuquerque (born 6 September 1978), also known as Emerson, is a Brazilian-Qatari retired footballer who played as a striker.
Fabrizio Ravanelli : On 8 June 2013, Ravanelli signed a two-year contract as the new head coach of Ligue 1 club AC Ajaccio.
Fabrizio Ravanelli : Fabrizio Ravanelli (; born 11 December 1968) is an Italian football manager and former international footballer.
Fabrizio Ravanelli : Ravanelli won his second Scudetto as Lazio ended the 1999–2000 season as champions, also winning the Coppa Italia, and the Supercoppa Italiana.
Hugo Sánchez : Sánchez is currently married to Isabel (née Martín), and has two children, a son and an older daughter from his previous marriage.
Hugo Sánchez : During his five years with UNAM, Sánchez scored 104 goals in 200 appearances.
Hugo Sánchez : On 15 July 1985, Sánchez signed for Real Madrid.
Hugo Sánchez : On 1 September 2007, Sánchez inaugurated a street with his name in Puebla, central Mexico, before a thousand of the locals around there.
Hugo Sánchez : Sánchez retired from Spanish football on 29 May 1997, playing with Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium.
Hugo Sánchez : With "Los Blancos", Sánchez won five consecutive league titles from 1985 to 1990, a Copa del Rey title in 1989 and the UEFA Cup in 1986.
Hugo Sánchez : He is the fourth highest scorer in the history of La Liga, the third highest scoring foreign player after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, and is the seventh highest goalscorer in Real Madrid's history.
Hugo Sánchez : In 1999, the International Federation of Football History and Statistics voted Sánchez the 26th best footballer of the 20th century, and the best footballer from the CONCACAF region.
Hugo Sánchez : His son, Hugo Sánchez Portugal, was also a footballer and played for UNAM and Atlante.
Hugo Sánchez : In 2006, Sánchez was appointed as the official FIFA/SOS Ambassador for Mexico, joining Wayne Rooney (Ambassador for England), Ruud van Nistelrooy (Netherlands), and fifty others in fund raising for the official 2006 FIFA World Cup Charity.
Hugo Sánchez : Hugo Sánchez is the son of Héctor Sánchez, who was also a footballer who played for Asturias F.C.
Erri De Luca : On October 19, 2015 Erri De Luca was cleared of inciting criminal damage.
Erri De Luca : Upon completing high school in 1968 Erri De Luca joined the radical left-wing movement Lotta Continua.
Erri De Luca : De Luca is a passionate mountain climber.
Erri De Luca : He rode relief convoys in Yugoslavia during the war between 1993 and 1999.
Erri De Luca : Although he never stopped writing since he was 20, his first book was published in 1989, "Non ora, non qui" ("Not now, not here").
Erri De Luca : Erri De Luca wrote for various newspapers ("La Repubblica", Il Corriere della Sera "Il Mattino",
Erri De Luca : Erri De Luca is self-taught in several languages including Ancient Hebrew, Swahili, Russian and Yiddish.
Erri De Luca : Erri De Luca (born 1950, Naples) is an Italian novelist, translator and poet.
Erri De Luca : He has been recognized by critic Giorgio De Rienzo of "Corriere della Sera" as "the writer of the decade".
Erri De Luca : In France, he received the "France Culture" Prize in 1994 for "Aceto, arcobaleno", the "Laure Bataillon" Award in 2002 for "Tre cavalli" and, also in 2002, the Fémina Étranger for "Montedidio", translated in English as "God's Mountain".
José María Merino : Merino was elected to Seat "m" of the Real Academia Española on 27 March 2008, he took up his seat on 19 April 2009.
Tibor Pleiß : Standing , he plays the center position.
Tibor Pleiß : Pleiß joined RheinEnergie Köln (a year later they changed their name to Köln 99ers) of the German Bundesliga as a 17-year-old in 2006.
Tibor Pleiß : The Hawks then sold his rights to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Tibor Pleiß : Tibor Pleiß (, alternative spelling Pleiss; born 2 November 1989) is a German professional basketball player for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Super League and the EuroLeague.
Tibor Pleiß : He was drafted by the New Jersey Nets, who traded his rights to the Atlanta Hawks.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : The office of Prime Minister had previously been unoccupied for three years.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Having long served as a close and powerful associate of dos Santos, his appointment as Vice-President made it appear more likely that he was being envisioned as the eventual successor to dos Santos.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : His parents emigrated to Angola from São Tomé and Príncipe.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Piedade is a cousin of President José Eduardo dos Santos.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : On September 30, the newly elected members of the National Assembly met and were sworn in; Piedade was elected as President of the National Assembly on this occasion, receiving 211 votes in favor and three opposed.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : He obtained a BA in Law in 2009 at Agostinho Neto University in Angola.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : It also chose Paulo Kassoma to replace Piedade as Prime Minister.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos (born 5 March 1950), known as Nandó, is an Angolan politician who was Vice President of Angola from February 2010 to September 2012.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Piedade described the National Assembly's adoption of the constitution as a "historic moment".
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : He later became a member of the People's Assembly, beginning a succession of appointments to government ministerial posts.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : In 1981 he moved to the Ministry of the Interior, becoming Deputy Minister in 1984.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : On January 21, 2010, the National Assembly approved a new constitution that would increase presidential powers, eliminate the office of Prime Minister, and eliminate popular elections for the office of President.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : In 1971, Piedade joined the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : In 2012, Manuel Vicente, who had headed the state oil company Sonangol, was believed to have been selected by the President as his likely successor.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : However, dos Santos had already been designated as the MPLA candidate for President in 2012, suggesting that he had no intention of retiring.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : President dos Santos then appointed Piedade to the newly established office of Vice-President of Angola on February 3, 2010.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Following Angola's independence from Portugal in 1975 he began a career in the People's Police Corps of Angola, becoming a division head in 1978.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : The following year he was elected as a member of the MPLA-Workers' Party congress and given the rank of colonel in the Angolan military.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Piadade was the 14th candidate on the MPLA's national list in the September 2008 parliamentary election.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : In the election, the MPLA won an overwhelming majority, and Piedade was elected to a seat in the National Assembly.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : After having served as Interior Minister since 1999, Piedade was appointed as Prime Minister in November 2002 and took office on December 6, 2002.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Vicente was designated as the second candidate on the MPLA's list of parliamentary candidates, making him the party's nominee for the post of Vice-President.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : A day later, on 27 September 2012, Piedade was instead elected as President of the National Assembly.
Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos : Following the MLPA's victory in the 2012 parliamentary election, Vicente took office as Vice President on 26 September 2012, succeeding Piedade.
Gustavo Morínigo : Gustavo Eliseo Morínigo Vázquez (born 23 January 1977) is a Paraguayan football manager and former Paraguayan footballer who played as a midfielder.
Brett Kavanaugh : His confirmation hearings were contentious; they stalled for three years over charges of partisanship.
Brett Kavanaugh : He previously served as a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and as a staff lawyer for various offices of the federal government.
Brett Kavanaugh : Two other women also accused Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct.
Brett Kavanaugh : Kavanaugh graduated from Yale University, where he joined Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
Brett Kavanaugh : Circuit in May 2006 after a series of negotiations between Democratic and Republican U.S.
Brett Kavanaugh : Brett Michael Kavanaugh (; born February 12, 1965) is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Brett Kavanaugh : It found he had the most conservative overall voting record on the D.C. Court between 2003 and 2018.
Brett Kavanaugh : Kavanaugh was nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C.
Brett Kavanaugh : President Trump nominated Kavanaugh to the U.S. Supreme Court on July 9, 2018, to fill the position vacated by retiring Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy.
Brett Kavanaugh : After graduating from Yale Law School, he began his career as a law clerk and then a postgraduate fellow working under Judge Ken Starr.
Brett Kavanaugh : After the 2000 U.S. presidential election, in which he worked for the George W. Bush campaign in the Florida recount, he joined the administration as White House Staff Secretary and was a central figure in its efforts to identify and confirm judicial nominees.
Tomáš Vaclík : He made his senior debut for the Czech Republic on 14 November 2012 in a 3–0 friendly victory against Slovakia.
Tomáš Vaclík : In July 2011, Vaclík signed a three-year contract with Dutch side De Graafschap, however it was later announced that he had failed a medical in the Netherlands and would be returning to Prague.
Tomáš Vaclík : Žižkov won promotion to the Czech First League in Vaclík's first season with the club, drawing attention from a number of teams.
Tomáš Vaclík : Tomáš Vaclík (; born 29 March 1989) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sevilla FC and the Czech Republic.
Tomáš Vaclík : In January 2012, with Žižkov bottom of the league with just seven points from 16 matches, Vaclík transferred to Sparta Prague for a reported fee of 8.25 million CZK, signing a contract to keep him at the club until the summer of 2016.
Tomáš Vaclík : In May 2014 Vaclík signed for FC Basel of the Swiss Super League on a four-year contract.
Tomáš Vaclík : Vaclík was involved in the national team for the first time in 2011, selected as a third goalkeeper for the squad's matches against Spain and Luxembourg, although he did not play.
Tomáš Vaclík : Vaclík represented his country at youth level between 2005 and 2011, progressing from the under-16 team up to the under-21 team.
Tomáš Vaclík : He made his first team league debut on 19 July 2014 in the 2–1 away win against Aarau.
Tomáš Vaclík : Vaclík played for Žižkov during the first half of the 2011–12 Czech First League.
Józef Młynarczyk : Józef Młynarczyk (born 20 September 1953) is a Polish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Józef Młynarczyk : Młynarczyk played more 40 times with Poland, appearing in two World Cups with the country.
Józef Młynarczyk : He participated – always as starter – with the national team in two FIFA World Cups, 1982 and 1986, finishing in third place in the former edition and being ousted by Brazil in the round-of-16 in the latter.
José Baselga : He also resigned from his position as co-editors in chief of the journal "Cancer Discovery".
José Baselga : He subsequently resigned from the boards of the drug company Bristol-Myers Squibb and the radiation equipment firm Varian Medical Systems.
José Baselga : He completed a fellowship in Medical Oncology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, and subsequently stayed on as a faculty member of its Breast Medicine Service.
José Baselga : José Baselga (born 3 July 1959) is a Spanish medical oncologist and researcher focused on the development of novel molecular targeted agents, with a special emphasis in breast cancer.
José Baselga : From 1996 to 2010, Baselga was the Chairman of the Medical Oncology Service and Founding Director of the recently established Vall d’Hebron Institute of Oncology (VHIO) at the Vall d'Hebron University Hospital in Barcelona.
José Baselga : Baselga served as Physician-in-Chief at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center until his resignation in September 2018 after it was reported that he had failed to disclose millions of dollars in financial ties with pharmaceutical companies in his research.
Jim Bolger : He left Opunake High School at age 15 to work on the family dairy farm.
Jim Bolger : The couple has nine children.
Jim Bolger : This was confirmed in a binding referendum held at the same time as the 1993 general election, which National won.
Jim Bolger : During the 1994 Address-in-Reply debate, Bolger argued in favour of a New Zealand republic, Bolger denied that his views related to his Irish heritage.
Jim Bolger : Proposals to end the status of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council as the country's highest court of appeal failed to gain parliamentary sanction during Bolger's premiership (however Helen Clark's Fifth Labour Government would replace the right of appeal in 2003 when it set up the Supreme Court of New Zealand).
Jim Bolger : Bolger was out of the country at the time, and when he returned he found that he did not have enough support in his caucus to remain as party leader and prime minister.
Jim Bolger : At a conference on the "Bolger years" in 2007, Bolger recalled speaking to the Queen about the issue of New Zealand becoming a republic: "I have more than once spoken with Her Majesty about my view that New Zealand would at some point elect its own Head of State, we discussed the matter in a most sensible way and she was in no way surprised or alarmed and neither did she cut my head off."
Jim Bolger : Its leader, Winston Peters, had left the National Party to form his own party, opposing many of the free-market policies implemented by National and Labour before it.
Jim Bolger : In 1992, New Zealanders voted to change to the Mixed Member Proportional (MMP) system.
Jim Bolger : Rather than face being voted out, he resigned on 8 December, and Shipley became New Zealand's first woman prime minister.
Jim Bolger : As a result, Bolger became Prime Minister at the age of 55.
Jim Bolger : He also chairs Express Couriers Ltd, Trustees Executors Ltd, the Gas Industry Company Ltd, the Advisory Board of the World Agricultural Forum, St. Louis, USA, the New Zealand United States Council, and the Board of Directors of the Ian Axford Fellowships in Public Policy.
Jim Bolger : In 1977 he was made a cabinet minister under Prime Minister Robert Muldoon, first as New Zealand's Minister of Fisheries and Associate Minister of Agriculture (1977), later as Minister of Labour and Minister of Immigration following the 1978 election.
Jim Bolger : On his return to New Zealand in 2001, he was appointed Chairman of the state-owned New Zealand Post and of its subsidiary Kiwibank.
Jim Bolger : Bolger's Finance Minister, Ruth Richardson, implemented drastic cuts in public spending, particularly in health and welfare.
Jim Bolger : James Brendan Bolger ( ; born 31 May 1935) is a New Zealand politician of the National Party who was the 35th Prime Minister of New Zealand, serving from 1990 to 1997.
Jim Bolger : Bolger had originally proposed a return to a bicameral system, with a Senate elected by Single Transferable Vote, but this proposal was dropped in the face of support for electoral reform.
Jim Bolger : He represented this electorate, renamed Taranaki-King Country in 1996, until his retirement in 1998.
Jim Bolger : Bolger was elected Chancellor of the University of Waikato on 14 February 2007, succeeding John Jackman.
Jim Bolger : Bolger was born in 1935 in Opunake in Taranaki.
Jim Bolger : Bolger opposed electoral reform, but despite his party's opposition held a referendum on whether or not New Zealand should change from the British-style electoral system of 'first past the post' to one of proportional representation.
Jim Bolger : Growing opposition to Bolger's slow pace and perceived exaggerated influence of New Zealand First led Transport Minister Jenny Shipley to stage a caucus room coup in 1997.
Jim Bolger : As a concession, Bolger was made a junior minister in Shipley's government.
Jim Bolger : Following this election result Bolger expressed the need to work with other political parties and decided to demote Richardson from her post, appointing Bill Birch who was seen as more moderate.
Jim Bolger : Bolger's government ended the awarding of British honours in 1996, introducing a New Zealand Honours System.
Jim Bolger : However, in 1986 Bolger successfully challenged McLay's leadership.
Jim Bolger : Following an unsuccessful election in 1987, National under Bolger capitalised on public anger at the Labour government's highly unpopular economic policies to win National's biggest ever majority (and by extension the largest in New Zealand history) at the 1990.
Jim Bolger : Bolger entered politics in 1972 as the New Zealand National Party Member of Parliament for King Country, a newly created electorate in the rural western portion of North Island.
Jim Bolger : Bolger retired as MP for Taranaki-King Country in 1998, prompting the and subsequently became New Zealand's Ambassador to the United States.
Carles Puyol : He often continued training alone after the end of a team practice session or on days off.
Carles Puyol : On 18 December Barcelona renewed his contract, extending it until 30 June 2016.
Carles Puyol : Puyol was also known for his leadership and work ethic.
Carles Puyol : Miguel Ángel Nadal, who played with him for a short period of time, said, "Carles plays with maturity, has great positional sense, and above all, has pride in his shirt."
Carles Puyol : Carles Puyol Saforcada (; born 13 April 1978) is a Spanish retired professional footballer.
Carles Puyol : Louis van Gaal promoted Puyol to the first team the following year, and he made his La Liga debut on 2 October 1999 in a 2–0 away win against Real Valladolid.
Carles Puyol : He played for his country at the 2000 Olympics, 2002 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 2004, 2006 World Cup, Euro 2008, 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup and the 2010 World Cup.
Brendan Rodgers : On 24 November 2008, Rodgers left Chelsea to become the manager of Championship side Watford.
Brendan Rodgers : Brendan Rodgers (born 26 January 1973) is a Northern Irish football coach and former player who is the manager of Premier League club Leicester City.
Antonio Banderas : in 2005.
Antonio Banderas : He has a brother named Francisco.
Antonio Banderas : The divorce became official in December 2015.
Antonio Banderas : Banderas resides in Cobham, Surrey.
Antonio Banderas : Banderas married Ana Leza in 1986 or 1988 (sources differ) and divorced in 1996.
Antonio Banderas : Banderas began working in small shops during Spain's post-dictatorial cultural movement known as the La Movida Madrileña.
Antonio Banderas : In May 2010, Banderas received an honorary doctorate from the University of Málaga.
Antonio Banderas : In 2018 he was cast with Penélope Cruz in the Spanish film "Pain and Glory" ("Dolor y gloria"), directed by Pedro Almodóvar.
Antonio Banderas : Banderas won both the Outer Critics Circle and Drama Desk awards, and was nominated for the Tony Award for best actor in a musical.
Antonio Banderas : José Antonio Domínguez Bandera was born on 10 August 1960 in Málaga, the son of Civil Guard police officer José Domínguez Prieto (1920–2008) and schoolteacher Ana Bandera Gallego (1933–2017).
Antonio Banderas : José Antonio Domínguez Bandera (born 10 August 1960), known professionally as Antonio Banderas, is a Spanish actor, producer and director.
Antonio Banderas : In 2003, he returned to the musical genre, appearing to great acclaim in the Broadway revival of Maury Yeston's musical "Nine", based on the film "8½", playing the prime role originated by Raul Julia.
Antonio Banderas : He showed a strong interest in the performing arts and formed part of the ARA Theatre-School run by Ángeles Rubio-Argüelles y Alessandri (wife of diplomat and filmmaker Edgar Neville) and the College of Dramatic Art, both in Málaga.
Antonio Banderas : In 2002, he starred in Brian De Palma's "Femme Fatale" opposite Rebecca Romijn and in Julie Taymor's "Frida" with Salma Hayek.
Simon Njami : He has served as Artistic Director of Bamako Encounters, the African Photography Biennale, from 2001 to 2007.
Simon Njami : He wrote two biographies, about James Baldwin and Léopold Sédar Senghor, several short texts, scripts for cinema and documentary films.
Simon Njami : Simon Njami (born 1962 in Lausanne) is a writer and an independent curator, lecturer, art critic and essayist.
Simon Njami : Njami is the curator of "Africa Remix", showed in Düsseldorf (Museum Kunst Palast), London (Hayward Gallery), Paris (Centre Pompidou), Tokyo (Mori Museum), Stockholm (Moderna Museet) and Johannesburg (Johannesburg Art Gallery), from 2004 to 2007.
Johan Vansummeren : Johan Vansummeren (born 4 February 1981) is a Belgian former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2016 for the , , and teams.
Johan Vansummeren : Vansummeren signed with AG2R La Mondiale for the 2015 and 2016 seasons.
Johan Vansummeren : In June 2016, he announced his retirement from the sport after being diagnosed with a heart problem that had been detected in February at the Tour of Oman and resulted in him missing the classics season.
Johan Vansummeren : In 2011, Vansummeren won the biggest race of his career, Paris–Roubaix.
Santiago Urquiaga : His first match occurred on 26 March 1980, in a 0–2 friendly defeat to England in Barcelona.
Santiago Urquiaga : Santiago Urquiaga Pérez (born 18 April 1958) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.
Santiago Urquiaga : He made his debut in the competition on 13 May 1979, playing 26 minutes in a 0–4 away loss against Atlético Madrid.
Danny Szetela : On August 31, 2007, Szetela was signed by Racing de Santander, in the Spanish Primera División.
Danny Szetela : Daniel Gregory Szetela (born June 17, 1987 in Passaic, New Jersey) is an American soccer player who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the National Premier Soccer League.
Danny Szetela : On January 29, 2008, Szetela was loaned out to Serie B side Brescia Calcio until June 30, 2008, with the option to purchase at the end.
Henning Solberg : He achieved his first ever podium finish coming in third in the Rally of Turkey.
Henning Solberg : At last two rallies he drove Ford Fiesta S2000.
Henning Solberg : Henning Solberg (born 8 January 1973) is a Norwegian rally and rallycross driver.
Dieter Rams : According to him, "good design":
Dieter Rams : Rams once explained his design approach in the phrase "Weniger, aber besser" which translates as "Less, but better".
Dieter Rams : He is also known for designing a furniture collection for Vitsœ in the 1960s including the 606 universal shelving system and 620 chair programme.
Dieter Rams : Dieter Rams (born 20 May 1932 in Wiesbaden, Hessen) is a German industrial designer and retired academic closely associated with the consumer products company Braun, the furniture company Vitsœ, and the functionalist school of industrial design.
Dieter Rams : Rams and his staff designed many memorable products for Braun including the famous SK-4 record player and the high-quality 'D'-series (D45, D46) of 35mm film slide projectors.
Dieter Rams : In Gary Hustwit's 2009 documentary film "Objectified", Rams states that Apple Inc. is one of the few companies designing products according to his principles.
Kieran Read : The All Blacks won 30–0.
Kieran Read : In 2012, Read led the team for their first 10 matches while McCaw was rested.
Kieran Read : On 15 June 2013, Read captained the team for the third time in his 50th test, which coincided with All Blacks' 500th test match, in the second game of the series between New Zealand and France at AMI Stadium.
Kieran Read : Kieran James Read (born 26 October 1985) is a New Zealand-born rugby union player, currently playing as a Number 8 for Toyota Verblitz in the Japanese Top League and is a former captain of the All Blacks, New Zealand's national rugby union team.
Daniel Handler : As editor or contributor:
Daniel Handler : I'm not a believer in karma.
Daniel Handler : He stated that he is often asked for money for charitable causes and often gives.
Daniel Handler : Handler has also played the accordion in several bands.
Daniel Handler : He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1992.
Daniel Handler : Daniel Handler (born February 28, 1970) is an American writer and musician.
Daniel Handler : He is married to Lisa Brown, a graphic artist whom he met in college.
Daniel Handler : Handler was in two bands following college, The Edith Head Trio and Tzamboni, but it wasn't until "69 Love Songs", a three-album set by The Magnetic Fields, that his music attracted attention.
Daniel Handler : Handler was born in San Francisco, California, the son of Sandra Handler (née Walpole) a retired City College of San Francisco Dean, and Louis Handler, an accountant.
Daniel Handler : He produced the screenplay for "Rick", which was based on the Verdi opera "Rigoletto", as well as "Kill the Poor", which was based on the novel by Joel Rose.
Mark Wayne Chase : Mark Wayne Chase (born 1951) is a US-born British botanist.
Mark Wayne Chase : Has been the position of keeper of the Jodrell Laboratory and now holds a senior researcher position at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Kamui Kobayashi : The race was run in very difficult weather conditions and several serious accidents bringing out a record of twelve safety car caution periods.
Kamui Kobayashi : Button jokingly described Kobayashi as "absolutely crazy, very aggressive".
Kamui Kobayashi : In the 81st edition of the 24 Hours of Le Mans 2013, Kobayashi and the AF Corse team scored fifth place in the GTE-Pro class along with his co-drivers Olivier Beretta and Toni Vilander, their Ferrari 458 GT covered a total of 312 laps in the Circuit de la Sarthe.
Dwayne Johnson : 5".
Dwayne Johnson : taping.
Dwayne Johnson : In 2009, Johnson gained citizenship in Canada in honor of his father's background.
Dwayne Johnson : 's 25 Toughest Stars.
Dwayne Johnson : He presented the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects at the 80th Academy Awards.
Dwayne Johnson : On June 1, 2007, they announced they were splitting up amicably.
Dwayne Johnson : At the next pay-per-view, No Way Out, The Rock defeated The Undertaker in a singles match.
Dwayne Johnson : He received US$5.5 million for the role and "Guinness World Records" named him the record-holder for highest-paid actor in their first leading role.
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock appeared live on "Raw" in his hometown of Miami to celebrate his 39th birthday.
Dwayne Johnson : Consistently ranked among the world's highest paid actors, Johnson made the "Time" 100 Most Influential People in the World list in both 2016 and 2019.
Dwayne Johnson : Johnson has stated the success of that episode is the reason he began receiving offers from Hollywood studios.
Dwayne Johnson : However, The Rock's feet accidentally hit the floor during the reversal attempt although those watching the event on TV did not see that.
Dwayne Johnson : In 2012, he founded the entertainment production company Seven Bucks Productions, which has since produced several films.
Dwayne Johnson : Johnson then began dating Lauren Hashian, daughter of Boston drummer Sib Hashian.
Dwayne Johnson : The segment earned an 8.4 Nielsen rating, one of the highest ratings ever for a "Raw" segment.
Dwayne Johnson : While Johnson was away from WWE, the company continued to sell "The Rock" merchandise, and he continued to be featured prominently in the opening montages of their television shows.
Dwayne Johnson : The movie's financial success led to Johnson's first leading role, in the spin-off "The Scorpion King" (2002).
Dwayne Johnson : In his first television acting job, in 1999, he played his own father in an episode of "That '70s Show" called "That Wrestling Show".
Dwayne Johnson : On August 3, 2019, The Rock officially announced his retirement from professional wrestling.
Dwayne Johnson : Johnson married Dany García on May 3, 1997.
Dwayne Johnson : In 1991, he was on the Miami Hurricanes' national championship team.
Dwayne Johnson : The next month, The Rock feuded with Rikishi and defeated him at Survivor Series.
Dwayne Johnson : On October 2, 2007, he and his ex-wife donated $1 million to the University of Miami to support the renovation of its football facilities.
Dwayne Johnson : During a lengthy promo, he addressed the fans and started a feud with John Cena.
Dwayne Johnson : The University of Miami renamed the Hurricanes' locker room in Johnson's honor.
Dwayne Johnson : He has won several championships, being a two-time Intercontinental Champion, a five-time tag team champion, and a ten-time world champion.
Dwayne Johnson : In 2006, Johnson founded the Dwayne Johnson Rock Foundation, a charity working with at-risk and terminally ill children.
Dwayne Johnson : Johnson's most successful box office role has been Luke Hobbs in "The Fast and the Furious" franchise.
Dwayne Johnson : He was also a Royal Rumble match winner and WWE's sixth Triple Crown champion.
Dwayne Johnson : As a result, Johnson signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL), but was cut from the team in the middle of his first season.
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock later saved Cena from an assault by Big Show, only to be laid out by CM Punk.
Dwayne Johnson : Dwayne Douglas Johnson (born May 2, 1972), also known by his ring name, The Rock, is an American-Canadian actor, producer, investor and retired professional wrestler.
Dwayne Johnson : On February 13, 1997, he won the Intercontinental Championship from Hunter Hearst Helmsley on "Monday Night Raw".
Dwayne Johnson : In 2016, Johnson co-starred with Kevin Hart in the action-comedy "Central Intelligence" and had a lead voice role in the Disney animated film "Moana", in which he voiced the Polynesian demigod Maui.
Dwayne Johnson : Despite being advertised for the "Raw" after WrestleMania, where it was stated that The Rock was still entitled a rematch for the WWE Championship, The Rock did not appear because of a legitimate injury sustained during his match with Cena, in which his abdominal and adductor tendons tore from his pelvis.
Dwayne Johnson : His first match came at Survivor Series, on November 17, in an eight-man elimination tag match; he was the sole survivor and eliminated the final two members of the opposing team, Crush and Goldust.
Dwayne Johnson : His father, Rocky Johnson (1944-2020), was a Black Canadian, from Nova Scotia, and part of the first Black tag team champions in WWE history along with Tony Atlas.
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock appeared at the 2015 Royal Rumble event during the main event match, where he helped his relative Roman Reigns fend off Big Show and Kane after Reigns eliminated them from the match.
Dwayne Johnson : First, in the main event of the January 4, 1999 episode of "Raw Is War", Mankind defeated The Rock after interference from Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Dwayne Johnson : Later that night, he entered the Royal Rumble match and lasted until the final two before he was eliminated by Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Dwayne Johnson : Maivia's wife, Lia, was the first female pro wrestling promoter, taking over Polynesian Pacific Pro Wrestling after her husband's death in 1982, until 1988.
Dwayne Johnson : On the December 18 episode of "Raw", The Rock won the WWF Tag Team Championship with The Undertaker, defeating Edge and Christian, before losing it back to them the next night at a "SmackDown!"
Dwayne Johnson : On March 29, 2008, Johnson appeared to induct his father and grandfather Peter Maivia and Rocky Johnson into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock appeared at WrestleMania 31 alongside Ronda Rousey, getting into an in-ring altercation with Triple H and Stephanie McMahon.
Dwayne Johnson : In recognition of his service to the Samoan people, and because he is a descendant of Samoan chiefs, Johnson had the noble title of "Seiuli" bestowed upon him by Malietoa Tanumafili II during his visit there in July 2004.
Dwayne Johnson : In April 2014, The Rock appeared in the opening segment of WrestleMania XXX along with Stone Cold Steve Austin and Hulk Hogan.
Dwayne Johnson : Each wrestler had a McMahon in his corner: Triple H had his wife, Stephanie, Foley had Linda, The Rock had Vince and Big Show had Shane.
Dwayne Johnson : Later in 2004, he hosted a pie-eating contest, as part of the WWE Diva Search, and ended the segment by giving Coachman a "People's Elbow".
Dwayne Johnson : They lost against Ric Flair, Randy Orton, and Batista in a handicap match at WrestleMania XX, when Orton pinned Foley after an "RKO".
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock then defeated Big Show, on the March 13 episode of "Raw Is War", to regain the right to face the WWF Champion, Triple H, at WrestleMania 2000 in a Fatal Four-way elimination match, also including Big Show and Mick Foley.
Dwayne Johnson : The Rock's number one contendership for the WWF Championship was then put on the line against Big Show at No Way Out, which Big Show won after Shane McMahon interfered.
Wolfgang Rihm : He was honoured as Officier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 2001.
Wolfgang Rihm : In the late 1970s and early 1980s his name was associated with the movement called New Simplicity.
Wolfgang Rihm : Rihm is an extremely prolific composer, with hundreds of completed scores, a large portion of which are yet to be commercially recorded.
Wolfgang Rihm : Wolfgang Rihm (born 13 March 1952) is a German composer.
Wolfgang Rihm : Other teachers were Wolfgang Fortner and Humphrey Searle.
Wolfgang Rihm : His work still continues to plough expressionist furrows, though the influence of Luigi Nono, Helmut Lachenmann and Morton Feldman, amongst others, has affected his style significantly.
Wolfgang Rihm : He finished both his school and his studies in music theory and composition at the Hochschule für Musik Karlsruhe with in 1972, two years before the premiere of his early work "Morphonie" at the 1974 Donaueschingen Festival launched his career as a prominent figure in the European new music scene.
Wolfgang Rihm : He does not always regard a finished work the last word on a subject—for example the orchestral work "Ins Offene..." (1990) was completely rewritten in 1992, and then used as the basis for his piano concerto "Sphere" (1994), before the piano part of "Sphere" was recast for the solo piano work "Nachstudie" (also 1994).
Wolfgang Rihm : Rihm is musical director of the Institute of New Music and Media at the University of Music Karlsruhe and has been composer in residence at the Lucerne Festival and the Salzburg Festival.
Wolfgang Rihm : Rihm's early work, combining contemporary techniques with the emotional volatility of Mahler and of Schoenberg's early expressionist period, was regarded by many as a revolt against the avant-garde generation of Boulez, Stockhausen (with whom he studied in 1972–73), and others, and led to a large number of commissions in the following years.
Nabil El Zhar : However, he did represent France at youth level.
Nabil El Zhar : On 11 July 2009, he signed a new contract extension to his current Liverpool contract that would have kept him at Anfield until 2012.
Nabil El Zhar : Morocco ended the tournament in fourth place after a 2–1 loss to Brazil.
Nabil El Zhar : Although born in France, El Zhar chose to play internationally for the country of his parents, Morocco.
Nabil El Zhar : El Zhar played in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship, and Morocco got to the semi-finals, where they were defeated 3–0 by Nigeria.
Nabil El Zhar : Nabil El Zhar (; born 27 August 1986) is a professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Qatari club Al Ahli.
Juan Guillermo Castillo : Juan Guillermo Castillo Iriart (born 17 April 1978) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Juan Guillermo Castillo : In 1998, he joined as youth player to Defensor Sporting.
Juan Guillermo Castillo : On 28 June, was announced the 23-man Copa América squad where Castillo and his teammate Scotti were nominated by coach Oscar Washington Tabarez.
Juan Guillermo Castillo : In 2001, he was loaned to Huracán Buceo, returning to Defensor the next season.
Adrian Goldsworthy : Goldsworthy said that although he enjoyed teaching, he enjoyed writing more and now writes full-time.
Adrian Goldsworthy : Adrian Keith Goldsworthy (; born 1969) is a British historian and author who specialises in ancient Roman history.
Adrian Goldsworthy : He then read Ancient and Modern History at St John's College, Oxford, completing a D.Phil in ancient military history from Oxford University in 1994.
Pontus Wernbloom : However, during the following season he struggled to retain his place as the club changed its playing style under new management.
Pontus Wernbloom : Pontus Anders Mikael Wernbloom (; born 25 June 1986) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Greek club PAOK FC as a midfielder.
Pontus Wernbloom : In April 2009, he signed a contract with Dutch club AZ.
Pontus Wernbloom : When striker Marcus Berg left to play for FC Groningen in the summer of 2007, Wernbloom switched to forward and was able to be a starter once again.
Pontus Wernbloom : After playing for local club IK Kongahälla, he joined the youth team of IFK Göteborg in 2004, before being promoted to the senior team in 2005.
Pontus Wernbloom : When Håkan Mild retired after the 2005 season, Wernbloom secured a place in the starting line-up.
Pontus Wernbloom : Wernbloom won 51 caps for Sweden, representing his country at Euro 2012 and Euro 2016.
Leonardo Cuéllar : He played in the NASL between 1979 and 1984 for the San Diego Sockers, San Jose Earthquakes and Golden Bay Earthquakes.
Leonardo Cuéllar : Leonardo Cuéllar Rivera (born 14 January 1954) is a Mexican football manager and former player who is the current manager of América in the Liga MX Femenil.
George Fenton : Since 1990 he has written the music for a number of big budget wildlife series.
George Fenton : His track record in this genre has placed him firmly as the BBC's composer of choice for its flagship wildlife programmes.
George Fenton : Their collaboration continued with the TV series "Objects of Affection" in 1982.
George Fenton : While working as an actor Fenton was frequently asked by directors to play an instrument and he decided on a career switch to composing music.
George Fenton : He started on the BBC's long-running series "Wildlife on One" and "Natural World", and continued with specials such as "Polar Bear".
George Fenton : Fenton has composed for a number of notable wildlife television programmes, often collaborating with the wildlife broadcaster David Attenborough and nature documentary filmmaker Alastair Fothergill.
George Fenton : Fenton has developed other long-standing collaborations with filmmakers, scoring several films each for directors as diverse as: Harold Ramis, Nora Ephron, Phil Joanou, Andy Tennant, and many others.
George Fenton : George Fenton (born George Richard Ian Howe; 1949) is an English composer best known for his work writing film scores and music for television such as for the BBC series "The Blue Planet" and "Planet Earth".
George Fenton : A year later he composed the score of Bennett's TV film "An Englishman Abroad" (1983) which was directed by John Schlesinger.
George Fenton : Fenton also composed for all of the episodes of Bennett's acclaimed "Talking Heads" series in 1988 and, a decade later, "Talking Heads 2" in 1998.
George Fenton : He composed the music for all six of the LWT television plays by Alan Bennett, which were broadcast during 1978 and 1979 and are collectively known as "Six Plays by Alan Bennett".
George Fenton : By the mid-1980s Fenton was composing for big budget TV series including the multi BAFTA winning "The Jewel in the Crown" (1984) and "The Monocled Mutineer" (1986).
George Fenton : During this period Fenton also frequently collaborated with the director Stephen Frears, composing for his television productions of "Bloody Kids" (1980), "Going Gently" (1981), "Walter" (1982) and "" (1983).
George Fenton : This was a continuation of his collaboration with Peter Gill and it was for Gill's production of "Hitting Town" written by Stephen Poliakoff.
George Fenton : In 1974, Fenton received his first major commission, as composer and musical director for Peter Gill's theatre production of "Twelfth Night" by the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford-upon-Avon.
Cayetano Cornet : Cayetano Cornet Pamies (, born August 22, 1963) is a retired 400 metres runner from Spain.
Vicente Albero : Vicente Albero Silla (December 6, 1944, Valencia) is a Spanish politician and economist.
Vicente Albero : Albero graduated in Social Sciences and Economic Sciences from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
Vicente Albero : Later he joined the Partido Socialista Obrero Español (Socialist Worker's Party).
Vicente Albero : He was a member of the Frente de Liberación Popular during the Francoist State.
Vicente Albero : He served as Secretary of State for the Water Policies and Environment in 1991, from which he favored the creation of the National Council of Water, the "Consejo Nacional del Agua" which began the preparation of a National Hydrological Plan.
Vicente Albero : In 1993 he was named Minister of Agriculture in Spain involved with agriculture, fishing and regulation a position that he occupied until May 1994.
Mircea Lucescu : He also pressured his players to go to university.
Mircea Lucescu : In May 2004, Lucescu joined Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk and led their rise to prominence in Ukraine the following years.
Mircea Lucescu : On 2 August 2017, he was appointed as the new head coach of Turkey, succeeding Fatih Terim.
Mircea Lucescu : On 24 May 2016, Lucescu signed a two-year contract with Russian club Zenit Saint Petersburg, with an option for another year.
Mircea Lucescu : Mircea Lucescu (; born 29 July 1945) is a Romanian football manager and former player who was most recently in charge of Turkey.
Pierre Assouline : He has published several novels and biographies, and also contributes articles for the print media and broadcasts for radio.
Pierre Assouline : As a journalist, Assouline has worked for the leading French publications "Lire" and "Le Nouvel Observateur".
Pierre Assouline : Pierre Assouline (born 17 April 1953) is a writer and journalist.
Yukio Shimomura : On October 9, 1955, Shimomura debuted for Japan national team against Burma.
Gerhard Schröder : She lived with the couple.
Gerhard Schröder : When not in Berlin, Schröder lives in Hanover.
Gerhard Schröder : Most voters soon associated Schröder with the Agenda 2010 reform program, which included cuts in the social welfare system (national health insurance, unemployment payments, pensions), lower taxes, and reformed regulations on employment and payment.
Gerhard Schröder : In 1978 he became the federal chairman of the Young Socialists, the youth organisation of the SPD.
Gerhard Schröder : Schröder sent forces to Kosovo and to Afghanistan as part of NATO operations.
Gerhard Schröder : He is currently the chairman of the board of Nord Stream AG and of Rosneft, after having been hired as a global manager by investment bank Rothschild, and also the chairman of the board of football club Hannover 96.
Gerhard Schröder : On 22 May 2005, after the SPD lost to the Christian Democrats (CDU) in North Rhine-Westphalia, Gerhard Schröder announced he would call federal elections "as soon as possible".
Gerhard Schröder : Gerhard Fritz Kurt Schröder (; born 7 April 1944) is a German politician who served as Chancellor of Germany from 1998 to 2005, during which his most important political initiative was Agenda 2010.
Ashot Nadanian : Nadanian reached his best Elo rating in July 1997 with 2475 Elo points.
Ashot Nadanian : In 2007, Nadanian received the title of FIDE Trainer.
Ashot Nadanian : Ashot Nadanian (sometimes transliterated as Nadanyan; ; born 19 September 1972) is an Armenian chess International Master (1997), chess theoretician and chess coach.
Ashot Nadanian : Between 2005 and 2010, he was the National Coach of Singapore Men's Team.
Ashot Nadanian : Nadanian has contributions to opening theory, with two variations named after him: the Nadanian Variation in the Grünfeld Defence (after the moves 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 d5 4.cxd5 Nxd5 5.Na4) and the Nadanian Attack in the Queen's Pawn Opening (after the moves 1.d4 Nf6 2.Nf3 h6 3.c4 g5).
Jamie Staff : He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.
Jamie Staff : At the Commonwealth Games, he was a member of the silver medal winning England Team Sprint trio, an impressive semi-finalist in the sprint (during which he broke the national 200 m record) and the winner of a bronze in the Kilometer, behind GB team-mates Chris Hoy and Jason Queally.
Jamie Staff : Jamie Alan Staff MBE (born 30 April 1973) is an English racing cyclist and coach, formerly on BMX and later on the track.
Stefan Schwarz : He made his debut as a professional footballer with his hometown club Malmö FF.
Stefan Schwarz : Hans-Jürgen Stefan Schwarz (born 18 April 1969), better known as Stefan Schwarz, is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.
Stefan Schwarz : He was capped for the Swedish national team on 69 occasions and scored 6 goals all in all.
Ben Knapen : His portfolio comprised European Union matters, as well as international aid.
Ben Knapen : He has been a Member of the Senate since 9 June 2015.
Ben Knapen : Today, he is on the advisory board of OMFIF where he is regularly involved in meetings regarding the financial and monetary system.
Ben Knapen : Hubertus Petrus Maria "Ben" Knapen (born 6 January 1951) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party and historian.
Mike Tyson : He was ranked No.
Mike Tyson : He continued: "I just want to escape.
Mike Tyson : By the age of 13, he had been arrested 38 times.
Mike Tyson : He has been married three times.
Mike Tyson : The remarks included the statement "I want your heart, I want to eat your children."
Mike Tyson : His second marriage was to Monica Turner from April 19, 1997 to January 14, 2003.
Mike Tyson : This fight was the highest-grossing event in pay-per-view history at that time, generating $106.9 million from 1.95 million buys in the US.
Mike Tyson : This was the only knockout loss Holmes suffered in 75 professional bouts.
Mike Tyson : Tyson's marriage to Givens was especially tumultuous, with allegations of violence, spousal abuse and mental instability on Tyson's part.
Mike Tyson : On February 8 he checked himself into an inpatient treatment program for "various addictions" while awaiting trial on the drug charges.
Mike Tyson : In 2015, Tyson announced that he was supporting Donald Trump's presidential candidacy.
Mike Tyson : Nicknamed "Iron" and "Kid Dynamite" in his early career, and later known as "The Baddest Man on the Planet", Tyson is considered one of the best heavyweights of all time.
Mike Tyson : The revocation was not permanent, as the commission voted 4–1 to restore Tyson's boxing license on October 18, 1998.
Mike Tyson : However, Douglas was at an emotional peak after losing his mother to a stroke 23 days prior to the fight; Douglas fought the fight of his life.
Mike Tyson : On November 11, 2009, Tyson was arrested after getting into a scuffle at Los Angeles International airport with a photographer.
Mike Tyson : After multiple states balked at granting Tyson a license, the fight eventually occurred on June 8 at the Pyramid Arena in Memphis, Tennessee.
Mike Tyson : They have two children; daughter, Milan, and son, Morocco.
Mike Tyson : After his release, he fought Orlin Norris on October 23, 1999.
Mike Tyson : According to a police probable-cause statement, filed in Maricopa County Superior Court, "[Tyson] admitted to using [drugs] today and stated he is an addict and has a problem."
Mike Tyson : In the confusion that followed the ending of the bout and announcement of the decision, a near riot occurred in the arena and several people were injured.
Mike Tyson : Sky Sports described him as "perhaps the most ferocious fighter to step into a professional ring".
Mike Tyson : Tyson was arrested in July 1991 for the rape of 18-year-old Desiree Washington, Miss Black Rhode Island, in an Indianapolis hotel room.
Mike Tyson : In January 1999, Tyson returned to the ring for a match against the South African Francois Botha.
Mike Tyson : After the fight, it was revealed that Tyson was trying to fight on one leg, having torn a ligament in his other knee in the first round.
Mike Tyson : Tyson was known for his ferocious and intimidating boxing style as well as his controversial behavior inside and outside the ring.
Mike Tyson : In March, Tyson then fought contender Tony Tubbs in Tokyo, Japan, fitting in an easy second-round TKO victory amid promotional and marketing work.
Mike Tyson : Matters came to a head when Tyson and Givens gave a joint interview with Barbara Walters on the ABC TV newsmagazine show "20/20" in September 1988, in which Givens described life with Tyson as "torture, pure hell, worse than anything I could possibly imagine."
Mike Tyson : Just 35 seconds into the tenth round, Douglas unleashed a brutal uppercut, followed by a four-punch combination of hooks that sent Tyson to the canvas for the first time in his career.
Mike Tyson : On March 26, 1992, Tyson was sentenced to six years in prison along with four years of probation.
Mike Tyson : Tyson, who was the number one contender, faced number two contender Donovan "Razor" Ruddock on March 18, 1991, in Las Vegas.
Mike Tyson : His first marriage was to actress Robin Givens, from February 7, 1988 to February 14, 1989.
Mike Tyson : Originally, Halpern was supposed to be the referee, but after Tyson's camp protested, Halpern stepped aside in favor of Mills Lane.
Mike Tyson : One bite was severe enough to remove a piece of Holyfield's right ear, which was found on the ring floor after the fight.
Mike Tyson : He won by unanimous decision and added Smith's World Boxing Association (WBA) title to his existing belt.
Mike Tyson : Michael Gerard Tyson was born in Brownsville, Brooklyn, New York, on June 30, 1966.
Mike Tyson : His manager, Shelly Finkel, claimed that Tyson was unable to throw meaningful right-hand punches since he had a knee injury.
Mike Tyson : Norris injured his knee when he went down and said that he was unable to continue.
Mike Tyson : Tyson defended his title against James Smith on March 7, 1987, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Mike Tyson : Tyson knocked down Norris with a left hook thrown after the bell sounded to end the first round.
Mike Tyson : He beat Pinklon Thomas in May by TKO in the sixth round.
Mike Tyson : On January 22, 2002, the two boxers and their entourages were involved in a brawl at a New York press conference to publicize the planned event.
Mike Tyson : Tyson declared bankruptcy in 2003, despite having received over $30 million for several of his fights and $300 million during his career.
Mike Tyson : Eleven days after his daughter's death, Tyson wed for the third time, to longtime girlfriend Lakiha "Kiki" Spicer, age 32, exchanging vows on Saturday, June 6, 2009, in a short, private ceremony at the La Bella Wedding Chapel at the Las Vegas Hilton.
Mike Tyson : In another Memphis fight on February 22, 2003, Tyson beat fringe contender Clifford Etienne 49 seconds into round one.
Mike Tyson : As promising fighters, Tyson and Lewis had sparred at a training camp in a meeting arranged by Cus D'Amato in 1984.
Mike Tyson : On July 9, 1997, Tyson's boxing license was rescinded by the Nevada State Athletic Commission in a unanimous voice vote; he was also fined US$3 million and ordered to pay the legal costs of the hearing.
Mike Tyson : The result was later changed to no contest after Tyson refused to take a pre-fight drug test and then tested positive for marijuana in a post-fight urine test.
Mike Tyson : On February 5, 1999, Tyson was sentenced to a year's imprisonment, fined $5,000, and ordered to serve two years probation along with undergoing 200 hours of community service for assaulting two motorists after a traffic accident on August 31, 1998.
Mike Tyson : After the fight, the Tyson camp would complain that the count was slow and that Douglas had taken longer than ten seconds to get back on his feet.
Mike Tyson : During his time away from boxing in 1998, Tyson made a guest appearance at WrestleMania XIV as an enforcer for the main event match between Shawn Michaels and Steve Austin.
Mike Tyson : On December 29, 2006, Tyson was arrested in Scottsdale, Arizona, on suspicion of DUI and felony drug possession; he nearly crashed into a police SUV shortly after leaving a nightclub.
Mike Tyson : Holyfield became the second boxer to win a heavyweight championship belt three times.
Mike Tyson : As an amateur, Tyson won gold medals at the 1981 and 1982 Junior Olympic Games, defeating Joe Cortez in 1981 and beating Kelton Brown in 1982.
Mike Tyson : Novelist and commentator Katherine Dunn wrote a column that criticized Holyfield's sportsmanship in the controversial bout and charged the news media with being biased against Tyson.
Mike Tyson : In 2002, Tyson fought for the world heavyweight title again at the age of 35, losing by knockout to Lennox Lewis.
Mike Tyson : The first match in January was staged at the MEN Arena in Manchester, England against Julius Francis.
Mike Tyson : He has been inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and the World Boxing Hall of Fame.
Mike Tyson : While Botha initially controlled the fight, Tyson allegedly attempted to break Botha's arms during a tie-up and both boxers were cautioned by the referee in the ill-tempered bout.
Mike Tyson : The fight was purchased by 1.99 million households, setting a pay-per-view buy rate record that stood until the May 5, 2007, De La Hoya-Mayweather boxing match.
Mike Tyson : Lewis dominated the fight and knocked out Tyson with a right hand in the eighth round.
Mike Tyson : On September 24, 2007, Tyson pleaded guilty to possession of cocaine and driving under the influence.
Mike Tyson : Tyson pleaded not guilty on January 22, 2007 in Maricopa County Superior Court to felony drug possession and paraphernalia possession counts and two misdemeanor counts of driving under the influence of drugs.
Mike Tyson : Tyson won the title by TKO in the second round, and at the age of 20 years and 4 months became the youngest heavyweight champion in history.
Mike Tyson : Another fight, in October of that year, ended with a victory for Tyson over 1984 Olympic super heavyweight gold medalist Tyrell Biggs by TKO in the seventh round.
Mike Tyson : He reigned as the undisputed world heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win a heavyweight title, at 20 years, four months, and 22 days old.
Jérôme Boateng : Physically strong and composed in possession, he has garnered a reputation as a tough-tackling defender, with good passing and an ability to read the game, and is considered to be one of the world's best at his position.
Jérôme Boateng : The game ended in a 1–0 victory for Germany.
Jérôme Boateng : He extended his contract with Bayern on 11 December, which will keep him at the club until 2018.
Jérôme Boateng : The pair separated for a couple of years following allegations of Boateng's infidelity, but they reunited in November 2013.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng started his career with the youth team of Tennis Borussia Berlin, before joining Hertha BSC in 2002.
Jérôme Boateng : He made his debut against Hannover 96 in the AWD-Arena, during week 19 of the 2006–07 Bundesliga season.
Jérôme Boateng : On 14 July 2011, Bayern confirmed the transfer of Boateng to the German club for a fee of €13.5 million on a four-year deal.
Jérôme Boateng : He netted a second on 13 April, an acrobatic half-volley to open a 5–0 home win over 1.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng and Senler have two children together, Soley and Lamia; twin girls born on 8 March 2011.
Jérôme Boateng : Bayern ended the season as winners of a domestic double of the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng allegedly had an affair with model Gina-Lisa Lohfink, although both Boateng and Lohfink have denied ever having an affair.
Jérôme Boateng : His only league goal of the season was on 9 November, finishing a corner after four minutes of a 3–0 home win over FC Augsburg.
Jérôme Boateng : During the 2012–13 season, Boateng was a regular member of the Bayern team that won a treble of the Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and Champions League, in addition to the DFL-Supercup at the start of the season.
Jérôme Boateng : On 17 September 2014, Boateng scored his first European goal for Bayern in the 2014–15 Champions League season with a strike which was the only goal in the opening group stage match against his former club Manchester City.
Jérôme Boateng : Jérôme Agyenim Boateng (; born 3 September 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.
Jérôme Boateng : He scored his first Bundesliga goal with a header from Phillip Lahm's cross on 9 March 2013, the winner as Bayern came from behind for a 3–2 home win against Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng is a Ghanaian German and was born to a German mother named Martina Boateng and a Ghanaian father in Berlin.
Jérôme Boateng : On 2 October 2013, Boateng picked up a red card against former club Manchester City which resulted in a one-match ban in the Champions League.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng played in the Germany under-21 side, which won the 2009 Euro U-21 Championship and was soon promoted to the national side.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng picked up a red card against Schalke 04 on 3 February 2015 which resulted in a three-match ban in the Bundesliga.
Jérôme Boateng : Boateng scored in a 7–0 Champions League round of 16 win against Shakhtar Donetsk on 11 March 2015, and in a 6–1 quarter-final win over Porto on 21 April.
Jérôme Boateng : On 5 December 2012, Boateng picked up a red card against BATE Borisov which resulted in a two-match ban.
Jérôme Boateng : He is the younger, paternal half-brother of fellow professional footballer Kevin-Prince Boateng.
Ricardo Phillips : Ricardo Oscar Phillips (born 31 January 1975 in Panama City, Panama) is a retired football midfielder.
Ricardo Phillips : Nicknamed "Patón", he made his debut for the Panama national football team in a June 1996 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Belize and has earned a total of 84 caps, scoring 11 goals.
Laudelino Cubino : Laudelino Cubino González (born 31 May 1963) is a Spanish former professional road racing cyclist.
Lalo Schifrin : He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Lalo Schifrin : Lalo Schifrin has won five Grammy Awards (four Grammy Awards and one Latin Grammy), with twenty-two nominations, one Cable ACE Award, and received six Academy Award and four Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Lalo Schifrin : Later that year, Schifrin began working as an arranger for Xavier Cugat's popular Latin dance orchestra.
Lalo Schifrin : He is best known for his large body of film and TV scores since the 1950s, including the "", "Bullitt" and "Enter the Dragon".
Lalo Schifrin : Boris Claudio "Lalo" Schifrin (born June 21, 1932) is an Argentine-American pianist, composer, arranger and conductor.
Lalo Schifrin : Schifrin completed the work, "Gillespiana", in 1958 (it was recorded in 1960).
Lalo Schifrin : The Argentine composer received an honorary Oscar in November 2018, in recognition of his successful career, the Hollywood Academy announced in a press release.
David Rangel Pastor : Subsequently, he resumed his career in the third level, playing mainly in his native region.
David Rangel Pastor : David Rangel Pastor (born 25 July 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
David Rangel Pastor : In 2004, Rangel signed with UE Lleida in the second division, with the Catalonia side being relegated in his second season, where he played in 27 of the 42 league matches.
David Rangel Pastor : In the 2003–04 season he backed up Santiago Cañizares and Andrés Palop in the main squad, making his first and only La Liga appearance on 14 May 2004 – as the "Che" were already champions – in a 1–2 away loss against Villarreal CF.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : He was the captain for the team during the first half of the World Cup qualifiers.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : In 2009 Mosquera returned to Mexico, this time to play for Club América for a reported USD$6 million.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : On 4 June 2014, Mosquera was transferred to Pachuca, during the Mexican draft apertura 2014.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : Aquivaldo Mosquera made his debut in 2000 playing for Atlético Nacional.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : Aquivaldo Mosquera Romaña (born 22 June 1981) was a Colombian footballer.
Aquivaldo Mosquera : Aquivaldo Mosquera has been called up to the Colombian national team on several occasions, including for the 2010 World Cup qualifiers and for various friendlies.
Brian Steen Nielsen : Brian Steen Nielsen (born 28 December 1968) is a former Danish professional footballer, who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002, scoring three goals.
Jürgen Klinsmann : A disastrous 1991–92 season caused all plans to fall through.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He is married to Debbie Chin, an American former model, and lives in Huntington Beach, California.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He became one of the most popular foreign players in Italy, mostly because he had learnt Italian and earned himself the respect of the fans with his appearance and language skills.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The decision was officially announced by the DFB on 12 July 2006.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In 1994, he left the club early, with one more year remaining on his contract.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Despite his goal scoring efforts, he could not prevent his new club from finishing tenth in the league.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Son Jonathan, a goalkeeper, has been capped at age group level for the United States U-20 team.
Jürgen Klinsmann : His largely offensive tactics have irritated some, who complained he ignored defensive soccer.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Six months later, he scored 16 goals in a single match for his new club.
Jürgen Klinsmann : There was also widespread public support for Klinsmann due to his team's spirit and attacking style of play.
Jürgen Klinsmann : At the beginning of the new season, he managed to improve his 100 m dash from 11.7 to 11.0 seconds.
Jürgen Klinsmann : During the jointly initiated reforms at Bayern, a severe clash of opinions emerged between coach and club management.
Jürgen Klinsmann : At age ten, he moved to SC Geislingen.
Jürgen Klinsmann : His parents decided he should first finish his apprenticeship as a baker in their family business, which he completed in 1982.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Furthermore, he created a youth movement to breathe life into an aging squad on the heels of a disastrous showing at Euro 2004.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann managed the German national team to a third-place finish in the 2006 World Cup.
Jürgen Klinsmann : A year later, he also became German champion as he won the Bundesliga.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He announced a squad of young players for the 2006 World Cup, basing his selection policy on performance, not reputation.
Jürgen Klinsmann : On 10 September 2013, following a 2–0 win over Mexico, the United States secured qualification for the World Cup.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann is in fact a journeyman baker, having served an apprenticeship.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Because of his humour, but also because of his athletic achievements and his combative playing style, Klinsmann quickly became extremely popular in England; over 150,000 of his shirts were sold.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The team's strong performance is thought by some to have renewed national pride and restored Germany's reputation as a top soccer nation.
Jürgen Klinsmann : When he was 14 years old, his father bought a bakery in Stuttgart, the state capital.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann said, "My big wish is to go back to my family, to go back to leading a normal life with them... After two years of putting in a lot of energy, I feel I lack the power and the strength to continue in the same way."
Jürgen Klinsmann : Bringing fellow German striker Oliver Bierhoff on board helped diffuse public relations duties of the previous combined post away from the actual coaching aspect of the position.
Jürgen Klinsmann : It was clear for Klinsmann this would be his last season at the San Siro.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In 1984, Klinsmann moved to first division rivals VfB Stuttgart.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann subsequently embarked on an aggressive program to revamp the management of the team.
Jürgen Klinsmann : German newspaper "Süddeutsche Zeitung" wrote that "In the last decade, not a single forward of a DFB team has offered such a brilliant, almost perfect performance."
Jürgen Klinsmann : On his debut against Sheffield Wednesday, he scored a header and immediately won over fans with his goal celebration by self-deprecatingly diving to the ground.
Jürgen Klinsmann : A particular subject of criticism was that Klinsmann commuted to Germany from the U.S., which was the target of a campaign by the tabloid "Bild".
Jürgen Klinsmann : At age eight, he began playing for TB Gingen, an amateur soccer club in Gingen an der Fils.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After qualifying for the round of 16, Germany was to play the Netherlands, against whom they had lost two years earlier in Euro 88.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The victory triggered a massive parade in Berlin the following day where Klinsmann and the team were honoured by the public.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann's assistant, Joachim Löw, was appointed as the new head coach at the same press conference.
Jürgen Klinsmann : By 1982–83, he was already a regular starter and by the end of the 1983–84 season, he had scored 19 goals for the club.
Jürgen Klinsmann : On 12 July 2006, he officially announced that he would step down as Germany's coach after two years in charge and be replaced by assistant coach Joachim Löw.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The team recorded three-straight wins against Costa Rica, Poland and Ecuador in the group stage, earning Germany first place in Group A.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He was signed by Spurs in July 1994 from Monaco for £2 million.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He played the last match of his high-level club career in 1998 on the final day of the Premier League against Southampton.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In 1987, Klinsmann made his debut for Germany against Brazil in a 1–1 draw.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In 1978, aged 16, he signed a contract with Stuttgarter Kickers, the club where he would turn professional two years later.
Jürgen Klinsmann : A "Guardian" journalist who had written an article called "Why I Hate Jürgen Klinsmann", wrote another two months later called "Why I Love Jürgen Klinsmann".
Jürgen Klinsmann : Jürgen Klinsmann (, born 30 July 1964) is a German football manager, pundit and former player who is currently manager of Hertha BSC.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann went on to win the 1995 Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann is remembered for being fouled by the Argentinian Pedro Monzón, who was subsequently sent off, reducing Argentina to ten men.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Five other players – Vladimír Šmicer, Thierry Henry, Zlatan Ibrahimović, Nuno Gomes and Cristiano Ronaldo – have since equalled this record.
Jürgen Klinsmann : On 27 April 2009, he was released early, even though he had won five of the previous seven league games and was only three points behind league leader VfL Wolfsburg.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The teams drew 1–1 after 120 minutes after an equalising goal from Miroslav Klose in the 80th minute.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After further victories over Czechoslovakia (1–0) and England (1–1 after extra time, 4–3 on penalties), he became a world champion after beating Argentina 1–0 in the final.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After the bribery scandal by Marseille and their subsequent disqualification as league winners, Monaco replaced them in the 1993–94 UEFA Champions League, reaching the semi-final before finally losing to eventual winners Milan.
Jürgen Klinsmann : On 26 July 2004, Klinsmann returned to Germany as the new head coach of the national team, succeeding former teammate and strike partner Rudi Völler.
Jürgen Klinsmann : It should be noted Klinsmann previously eliminated some privileges "Bild" traditionally had with the national team, such as receiving the team lineup the day before a match and 24/7 exclusive access to the team.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He now holds legendary status at Spurs and was inducted into Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In 1988, the 24-year-old Klinsmann was named German Footballer of the Year.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann and his wife have two children, Jonathan and Laila.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann's family operates a bakery in Stuttgart's Botnang district and consequently he is sometimes affectionately referred to as the "baker's son from Botnang".
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann was the first player to score in three different European Championships.
Jürgen Klinsmann : The first match of the knockout stage was a 2–0 victory over Sweden, and in the quarter-finals, Klinsmann's team defeated Argentina, winning 4–2 on penalties.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal; the 1988, 1992 and 1996 UEFA European Championships, reaching the final in 1992 and becoming champion in 1996.
Jürgen Klinsmann : They beat Portugal 3–1 in the third place play-off, where he played Kahn instead of Jens Lehmann.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After Rudi Völler was sent off in the 22nd minute, Klinsmann was forced to play as a lone striker.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In his first season at the club, he scored 15 goals and was the team's joint top scorer with Karl Allgöwer.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In the run-up to the 2006 World Cup, Klinsmann attracted criticism from German fans and the media following poor results, such as the 4–1 loss to Italy.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In spite of the heavily defensive orientated tactics of head coach Giovanni Trapattoni, Klinsmann scored 13 goals as the "Nerazzurri" finished third in Serie A.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After the match, Klinsmann praised the performance of his young team.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann is one of four sons of master baker Siegfried Klinsmann (died 2005) and his wife Martha.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Inter never managed to gain any momentum under coach Corrado Orrico and finished eighth in the league, with Klinsmann only scoring seven goals and the team being divided and fragmented into groups.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In the semi-final on 4 July, Germany lost a close match with Italy 2–0 after goals in the final minutes of extra time from Fabio Grosso and Alessandro Del Piero.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Despite the highly acclaimed performance at the World Cup and the praise earned, Klinsmann declined to renew his contract, informing the German Football Association (DFB) of his decision on 11 July 2006.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He became the first player to score at least three goals in three consecutive World Cups, later joined by Ronaldo of Brazil and compatriot Miroslav Klose.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Under his guidance, Bayern reached the quarter-final of the Champions League, losing to eventual champion Barcelona.
Jürgen Klinsmann : During the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup, he regularly rotated his goalkeepers regardless of their performances, which drew the ire of Bayern Munich's Oliver Kahn.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Horst Buhtz, a Stuttgarter Kickers former coach, recalls Klinsmann benefited from intensive training from Horst Allman, who was one of the best sprint coaches in Germany at that time.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Afterward, Franz Beckenbauer, previously a strident critic of Klinsmann's, declared his desire to see Klinsmann continue as coach.
Jürgen Klinsmann : During his second stint at Tottenham in the 1997–98 season, his goals saved the club from relegation, particularly the four goals he scored in a 6–2 win at Wimbledon.
Jürgen Klinsmann : During the next season, Klinsmann won the UEFA Cup with Inter (2–1 on aggregate against Roma) and repeated his previous performance in the league with 14 goals; his contract was extended until 1994.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After UEFA Euro 1992, Klinsmann moved to Monaco and catapulted the club to a second-place finish in the league in his first season.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He then briefly moved to Italy for Sampdoria, but left the team in the winter and returned to Tottenham Hotspur.
Jürgen Klinsmann : On 7 April 2006, Klinsmann finally decided to relegate Kahn to the bench and designated Arsenal's Jens Lehmann as his first choice goalkeeper.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In the 1987–88 season, he scored 19 goals – including a legendary overhead kick against Bayern – and was the Bundesliga's top goalscorer.
Jürgen Klinsmann : He was the club's top goalscorer during both seasons, and won the 1995–96 UEFA Cup, setting a new goalscoring record of 15 goals in 12 matches during the competition (a record that stood until 2011).
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann helped design a new player development and performance center for Bayern and then launched into molding the team for the Bundesliga and 2008–09 Champions League campaigns.
Jürgen Klinsmann : During each of the 1985–86 and 1986–87 seasons, he scored 16 goals and reached the 1986 final of the DFB-Pokal, losing against Bayern Munich 2–5, but scoring the last goal of the match.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann moved to Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League for the 1994–95 season, where the fans and media were very critical of the German, partly because he played in the 1990 West Germany team that eliminated England from the World Cup, and partly because of his reputation as a diver.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After retiring and moving to the United States, in 2003 Klinsmann played for Orange County Blue Star, an amateur team in the fourth-tier Premier Development League.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann also competed for the unified Germany team at the 1994 (five goals), and 1998 (three goals), World Cups.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After the family relocated there, Klinsmann continued to play for SC Geislingen, even after he was spotted in a Württemberg youth selection.
Jürgen Klinsmann : One of Germany's premier strikers during the 1990s, he scored in all six major international tournaments he participated in, from Euro 1988 to the 1998 World Cup.
Jürgen Klinsmann : After reaching the 1988–89 UEFA Cup final with Stuttgart (eventually losing to Diego Maradona's inspired Napoli 5–3 on aggregate), Klinsmann moved to Italian club Inter Milan on a three-year contract, joining two other German internationals, Lothar Matthäus and Andreas Brehme.
Jürgen Klinsmann : Klinsmann scored 47 goals for West Germany/Germany in top-level international matches, sharing the all-time fourth place with Rudi Völler, and only surpassed by Klose's record of 71 goals for the national team, Gerd Müller's 68 goals and Podolski's 49.
Jürgen Klinsmann : In July 2008, Klinsmann took over as coach of Bayern Munich, succeeding Ottmar Hitzfeld.
Traian Băsescu : Băsescu also claimed success in improvements to the city's water and lighting systems, which were in a very bad state, as well as modernizing the city's public transportation system.
Traian Băsescu : Băsescu ran for a second term in the 2009 presidential elections.
Traian Băsescu : The Constitutional Court of Romania found no clear evidence of his breach of the Constitution in the sense required by the fundamental law.
Traian Băsescu : As a result of the impeachment vote by the Parliament, Băsescu was suspended from his function as president on 19 April 2007, and a national referendum was held on 19 May 2007 to decide by popular vote whether to dismiss him.
Traian Băsescu : In 1989, Băsescu moved to Belgium to head the Navrom Agency in Antwerp.
Traian Băsescu : As mayor, he was credited with a reduction in the number of stray dogs roaming freely through the streets of the city from approximately 300,000 in 2000 to 25,000 in 2004, and thus reducing the number of dog bite injuries from 1,500 a month to under 200 a month.
Traian Băsescu : Băsescu was suspended by the Parliament a second time on 6 July 2012, with a referendum on his impeachment being held on 29 July 2012.
Traian Băsescu : In 1984, he was promoted to Captain of the oil tanker "Biruința", the largest ship of the then Romanian commercial fleet.
Traian Băsescu : Traian Băsescu (; born 4 November 1951) is a Romanian politician who served as President of Romania from 2004 to 2014.
Traian Băsescu : Băsescu Traian was born in Basarabi (renamed Murfatlar in 2007), near the port city of Constanța, the largest Romanian port on the Black Sea.
Traian Băsescu : Concurrently with his second term in Parliament, from November 1996 to June 2000, Băsescu also served as Minister of Transport in the center-right governments of Victor Ciorbea, Radu Vasile, and Mugur Isărescu.
Traian Băsescu : Băsescu graduated from the Naval Institute of Constanța in 1976 and became a merchant marine deck officer at Navrom, the Romanian state-owned shipping company.
Traian Băsescu : In 2000, Băsescu was elected mayor of Bucharest, winning the run-off against Social Democratic Party (PDSR) candidate Sorin Oprescu by a slim margin (50.69% to 49.31%), despite trailing him by 24% in the first round.
Björn Borg : 18.
Björn Borg : As a child, Borg became fascinated with a golden tennis racket that his father won at a table-tennis tournament.
Björn Borg : Borg and Romanian tennis pro Mariana Simionescu began their relationship in 1976 and married in Bucharest on 24 July 1980.
Björn Borg : His father gave him the racket, beginning his tennis career.
Björn Borg : In his 1979 autobiography, Jack Kramer, the long-time tennis promoter and great player himself, had already included Borg in his list of the 21 greatest players of all time.
Björn Borg : His calm court demeanor earned him the nickname of the "Ice Man" or "Ice-Borg."
Björn Borg : 1 tennis player widely considered to be one of the greatest players in the history of the sport.
Björn Borg : In March 2006, Bonhams Auction House in London announced that it would auction Borg's Wimbledon trophies and two of his winning rackets on 21 June 2006.
Björn Borg : Borg became the youngest male Wimbledon champion of the modern era at 20 years and 1 month (a record subsequently broken by Boris Becker, who won Wimbledon aged 17 in 1985).
Xavi Torres : On 7 August 2013, Torres signed for four seasons with Real Betis.
Xavi Torres : On 31 May 2012, Levante activated the €300.000 buying option it had on Torres, offering the player a four-year contract which he refused.
Xavi Torres : Xavier "Xavi" Torres Buigues (born 21 November 1986) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Kuwaiti club Al-Arabi SC as a defensive midfielder.
Xavi Torres : He scored his first goal with the Andalusians on 30 August, closing the score at 3–0 against Atlético Madrid in the 89th minute, in the season's opener.
Xavi Torres : He made his senior debut at another club in the region, Alicante CF, in the 2006–07 edition of Segunda División B.
Lonny Baxter : In 2009, he moved to Beşiktaş Cola Turka.
Lonny Baxter : Lonny Leroy Baxter (born January 27, 1979) is an American former professional basketball player.
Lonny Baxter : While attending the University of Maryland, College Park, Baxter won the 2002 NCAA championship along with teammates and future NBA players Juan Dixon, Steve Blake and Chris Wilcox by defeating Indiana.
Lonny Baxter : On February 9, 2006, Baxter was traded by the Houston Rockets to the Charlotte Bobcats for Keith Bogans.
Melcior Mauri : Melcior Mauri Prat (born 8 April 1966 in Vic) is a Spanish retired cyclist who won the 1991 Vuelta a España.
Melcior Mauri : In November 2007 he won the second edition of the Titan Desert mountain bike 5 stage race over 293 km in Morocco.
Benoît Costil : In 2017, he joined to Bordeaux.
Benoît Costil : Benoît Guy Robert Costil (born 3 July 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for and captains Ligue 1 side Bordeaux and the France national team.
Benoît Costil : Costil was a France U-21 international having participated in the 2008 Toulon Tournament.
Benoît Costil : On 6 November 2014, Costil was called up to France manager Didier Deschamps' 23-man squad for friendly matches against Albania and Sweden.
Benoît Costil : On 14 June 2011, he signed a three-year contract for Rennes after his contract with Sedan expired.
Risto Mejide : In 2008 Mejide published his first book, "El Pensamiento Negativo" ("The Negative Thinking").
Risto Mejide : On 20 May 2017, Mejide married model and social media personality Laura Escanes, twenty years his junior.
Risto Mejide : A month later he was hired by Atresmedia, Mediaset's main competitor.
Risto Mejide : In 2011 he joined the jury of "Tú sí que vales".
Risto Mejide : In 2017, a dating show hosted by Mejide and titled "All You Need Is Love... O No" premiered on Telecinco.
Risto Mejide : In 2014, he hosted three seasons of talk show "Viajando con Chester" on Cuatro.
Risto Mejide : The show was renewed for a fourth season, but Mejide was replaced by journalist Pepa Bueno as his contract with Mediaset España terminated.
Risto Mejide : Risto Mejide Roldán (born 29 November 1974 in Barcelona), formerly named Ricardo Mejide Roldán, is a Spanish publicist, author, music producer, talent show judge, TV presenter and songwriter, best known as a judge on the television talent shows "Operación Triunfo", "Tú sí que vales" , "Got Talent España" and "Factor X", the four of them aired on Telecinco.
Risto Mejide : In 2009, Mejide began to host his own show, titled "G-20", on Telecinco, but it was cancelled shortly after its premiere due to low ratings.
Juninho Pernambucano : From 2013 to 2018, Juninho was a football commentator for Brazilian sports network Rede Globo.
Juninho Pernambucano : On 17 December 2012, Juninho signed for Major League Soccer team New York Red Bulls.
Juninho Pernambucano : He represented Brazil at the 2001 Copa América and was part of the squad which won the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup before retiring from international football after the 2006 World Cup.
Juninho Pernambucano : Noted for his bending free kicks, he is widely considered to be the greatest free kick-taker of all time and holds the record for the highest number of goals scored through free kicks with 75.
Juninho Pernambucano : Antônio Augusto Ribeiro Reis Júnior (born 30 January 1975), commonly known as Juninho or Juninho Pernambucano is a Brazilian former footballer, who is currently sporting director of Olympique Lyonnais.
Juninho Pernambucano : Born in Recife, Juninho started his professional career at Sport Recife and quickly established himself as a rising star in Brazilian football.
Juninho Pernambucano : Having made his international debut in 1999, Juninho played 40 games for the Brazilian national team and scored six goals.
Juninho Pernambucano : In 2001, he joined Ligue 1 side Olympique Lyonnais where he played for the next eight years, winning seven consecutive league titles and scoring 100 goals in 350 official appearances for the club.
Juninho Pernambucano : On 17 June 2009, Juninho signed a €2.5 million, two-year contract with Qatari club Al-Gharafa.
Juninho Pernambucano : In July 2012, Juninho extended his contract with Vasco for 6 months.
Philippe Clement : Philippe Clement (born 22 March 1974) is a Belgian professional football coach and former player who is currently managing Club Brugge in the Belgian First Division A.
Juan Antonio Orenga : In April 2016, Orenga signed as head coach of the Egyptian national team where he won the XXII Arabian Nations Championship held in El Cairo in a tigh final against Morocco in January 2017.
Juan Antonio Orenga : Juan Antonio Orenga Forcada (born July 29, 1966) is a retired Spanish professional basketball player, and a current professional basketball coach.
Juan Antonio Orenga : Spain won the bronze medal after losing the semifinal against France in the extra time.
José Luis Perales : (And What Is He Like?)
José Luis Perales : At age 6, he learned to play the lute.
José Luis Perales : He still lives in Castejón with his wife Manuela, son Pablo, and daughter Maria.
José Luis Perales : After much encouragement from Trabucchelli and his supporters, Perales decided to give singing a try.
José Luis Perales : Perales' most popular singles are ""Quisiera Decir tu Nombre"" (I Would Like to Say Your Name), ""¿Y cómo es él?""
José Luis Perales : Perales composed ""Porque te vas"" (Because you are leaving), which was performed by Jeanette and sold 4 million copies worldwide in 1976.
José Luis Perales : His initial career as a musician was as a composer, because he did not like to sing and was unsure of the support of his girlfriend, Manuela.
José Luis Perales : After university, Perales moved to Madrid, where he completed his studies and continued his interest in music.
José Luis Perales : José Luis Perales Morillas (born 18 January 1945 in Castejón, Cuenca Province) is a Spanish singer-songwriter.
José Luis Perales : He has given concerts in Uruguay, Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, United States, Brazil, Italy, France, and Portugal.
José Luis Perales : His compositions have been recorded by singers such as Vikki Carr, Bertín Osborne, Raphael, Rocío Jurado, Jeanette, Miguel Bosé, Daniela Romo, Isabel Pantoja, Julio Iglesias, Paloma San Basilio, Mocedades, La Oreja de Van Gogh, Ricardo Montaner and Marc Anthony, among others.
Ma Ying-jeou : He opposed the 2004 referendum, which had been widely criticized by the U.S. and PRC.
Ma Ying-jeou : During his time as Taipei's mayor, Ma had many conflicts with the central government over matters such as health insurance rates and control of the water supply during the drought.
Ma Ying-jeou : degree from National Taiwan University in 1972.
Ma Ying-jeou : Ma also was implicated in a scandal of Taipei Bank stock releases in 2003.
Ma Ying-jeou : Nevertheless, his opposition to the Anti-Secession Law of the People's Republic of China, while other leaders of his party remained silent on the issue, led to him being banned from visiting Hong Kong to make a public speaking tour in 2005.
Ma Ying-jeou : Ma has expressed mild support for Chinese reunification and opposition to Taiwan independence.
Ma Ying-jeou : She completed her undergraduate studies in life sciences at Harvard University and then her graduate studies at New York University.
Ma Ying-jeou : Ma took office on 20 May 2008.
Ma Ying-jeou : He was born in Kwong Wah Hospital in Yau Ma Tei in Kowloon, part of then-British Hong Kong, on 13 July 1950.
Ma Ying-jeou : Ma was deputy secretary-general of the KMT from 1984 to 1988, also serving for a period as deputy of the Mainland Affairs Council (MAC), a cabinet-level body in charge of cross-strait relations.
Ma Ying-jeou : Ma responded that he was merely following Olympic protocol, which only officially recognizes the Chinese Taipei Olympic Flag and forbids ROC national flags from being shown in an Olympic Game Stadium.
Ma Ying-jeou : His initiatives in administering the city of Taipei include changing the transliterations of street names and the line and stations of the Taipei Metro to Hanyu Pinyin, as opposed to Tongyong Pinyin.
Ma Ying-jeou : He was strongly criticized by the DPP for not allowing the ROC national flag to be flown along with a PRC flag during Asian Women's Football Championship held in Taipei.
Ma Ying-jeou : In the 2000 Presidential Election, Ma remained loyal to the KMT and supported its candidate, Lien Chan, over James Soong, who had bolted from the party and was running as an independent.
Ma Ying-jeou : In 1998, the KMT fielded Ma to challenge the then-incumbent Taipei mayor Chen Shui-bian of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), who was seeking re-election.
Ángel Dealbert : In the summer of 2017, 34-year-old Dealbert returned to Castellón after eight years, with the team now in the fourth tier.
Ángel Dealbert : Ángel Dealbert Ibáñez (born 1 January 1983) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a central defender.
Jordi de Manuel : He is a member of AELC (Association of Catalan Language Writers).
Jordi de Manuel : He has also published a number of research articles on biology, along with numerous papers on innovation and teaching in the Natural Sciences.
Jordi de Manuel : He is a member of the SCCFF (Catalan Society of Fantasy and Science Fiction).
Jordi de Manuel : Jordi de Manuel i Barrabín (Barcelona, 1962) teaches Natural Sciences and is also a writer who combines literature with teaching and research.
Jordi de Manuel : His collection of stories entitled "Disseccions" (Dissections, 2001), was awarded the Odissea Readers’ Prize, the only literary award with a jury consisting of one hundred readers.
Jordi de Manuel : He has published stories and novels for children and adolescents, among them, "El pes de la por" (The Weight of Fear, 1998, with Sílvia Vega), "El somni de la nena bruna" (The Brown Girl’s Dream), which was awarded the City of Eivissa Prize for Children’s Literature in 2000, "De tots colors" (Of All Colours, 2001), "Els ulls d’Abdeslam" (Abdeslam’s Eyes, 2001), "Set de llops" (Seven Wolf Stories, 2003), and "El beuratge" (The Potion, 2003).
Chris Lofton : Afterward, he underwent successful radiation treatments and surgery and is now considered cancer-free.
Chris Lofton : In November 2010, he was selected 6th overall by the Iowa Energy in the NBA D-League Draft.
Chris Lofton : During the summer after the 06–07 season, Lofton went to Kobe Bryant camp and tried out for the Pan Am USA team.
Chris Lofton : In July 2008, Lofton signed a one-year contract with Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi of the Turkish Basketball League.
Chris Lofton : On December 23, 2006, he scored a new career-high 35 points in a 111–105 overtime victory against the University of Texas.
Chris Lofton : In March 2011 he signed with Lokomotiv Kuban in Russia, but left the team in May 2011 by mutual agreement.
Chris Lofton : Chris Lofton is from Maysville, Kentucky, where he led the Mason County Royals (his high school basketball team) to a victory in the 2003 State Championships and led the Royals back to the state championship game the next year.
Chris Lofton : Christopher Franklin Lofton (born March 27, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Seoul SK Knights of the Korean Basketball League.
Chris Lofton : In the 2006–07 season, Lofton led the conference in scoring, with 20.8 points per game, and was named the SEC Player of the Year by the Associated Press.
Chris Lofton : Against the University of Georgia on February 11, 2006, he made a school record 9 three-point shots en route to a career-high 33 points in an 83–78 win.
Chris Lofton : Despite being named Mr. Basketball his senior year, Lofton was not recruited by Louisville or Kentucky.
Quino : After this, he started to make more advertisement illustrations.
Quino : Shortly after, his father died when Quino was 16 years old; a year later he abandoned his studies, with the intent to become a cartoonist.
Quino : In 1945, after the death of his mother, he enrolled and started his studies at Escuela de Bellas Artes de Mendoza.
Quino : On 21 May 2014, he was given the Premio Príncipe de Asturias de Comunicación y Humanidades.
Quino : His comic strip "Mafalda" (which ran from 1964 to 1973) is very popular in Latin America and many parts of Europe.
Quino : He was called "Quino" since childhood, to distinguish him from his uncle, the illustrator Joaquín, who helped to awaken his vocation of cartooning at an early age.
Quino : In 1954, his cartoons became regulars in "Rico Tipo", "Tía Vicenta" and "Dr. Merengue".
Quino : Joaquín Salvador Lavado Tejón, better known by his pen name Quino (; born 17 July 1932), is an Argentine cartoonist.
Quino : The humor is characteristically cynical, often poking fun of real-life situations, such as marriage, technology, authority and food, it is possibly one of the main reasons for his success throughout Latin America and much of the world outside Latin America, which explains why his cartoons of aporteñado Argentine topic of the 1960s and 1970s have been edited and translated into many different languages apart the original Rioplatense Spanish.
Quino : His first humor page was published in the weekly magazine "Esto Es", which led to the publication of other works in many other magazines: "Leoplán", "TV Guía", "Vea y Lea", "Damas y Damitas", "Usted", "Panorama", "Adán", "Atlántida", "Che", el diario "Democracia", etc.
Quino : After abandoning the story of Mafalda on 25 June 1973, due to a lack of new ideas – according to him – Quino moved to Milan, Italy, from where he continued to create humor pages.
Quino : Between 1965 and 1967 it was published in the newspaper "El Mundo"; soon after the first compilation book is published, it starts to be edited in Italy, Spain (due to the censorship, it is tagged as “only for adults”), Portugal and many others.
Quino : The advertising campaign was never executed, which led to the publication of Mafalda’s first story to be published in "Leoplán", after this, it started to be published regularly in the weekly magazine "Primera Plana", since the director of the magazine was a friend of Quino.
Quino : In 2008, by initiative of the Museo del Dibujo y la Ilustración and under the curator Mercedes Casanegra, the company Subterráneos de Buenos Aires created two murals of Mafalda in the estación Perú in the Plaza de Mayo.
Quino : His first compilation book, "Mundo Quino", was published in 1963, while he was developing pages for a covert advertising campaign for Mansfield, an electrical household appliance company, for which he created the character of Mafalda.
Quino : In 2009, Quino participated with an original work of Mafalda, created for "El Mundo", in the Bicentennial: 200 years of Graphic Humor that the Museo del Dibujo y la Ilustración held in the Museo Eduardo Sívori of Buenos Aires.
Alejandro Moreno : Alejandro Enrique Moreno Riera (born July 8, 1979) is a retired Venezuelan footballer who is currently a television commentator for ESPN FC, ESPN Deportes and ESPN Latin America.
Alejandro Moreno : He finished his college career fourth on the team's all-time scoring lists, with 65 goals and 25 assists, having been named first team NSCAA All-South all four years with the team.
Felipe Caicedo : Due to his youth, he was trained in the minor divisions.
Felipe Caicedo : On 25 July 2011, Caicedo signed a four-year contract with Lokomotiv Moscow for a fee of €7.5 million and was handed the number 25 jersey.
Felipe Caicedo : He ended the season with 10 appearances in the Premier League, all of them coming on as a substitute.
Felipe Caicedo : On 23 July 2009, Sporting Clube de Portugal and Manchester City reached an agreement over an initial one-year loan with an option of a permanent deal, that would allow him to be part of their squad for the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League, potentially allowing Caicedo a year to develop himself as a forward before returning to Manchester City.
Felipe Caicedo : Caicedo was described by his manager as "one of the great South American talents" and was also compared to the Brazilian Adriano.
Felipe Caicedo : On 31 January 2008, it was announced that Manchester City had secured Caicedo's services on a four-and-a-half year deal through a £5.2 million transfer fee (€7 million), which would make his sale one of the highest transfers in the history of the Swiss Super League.
Felipe Caicedo : He made his debut on 10 February 2008, in a 2–1 away win against rivals Manchester United, coming on in the second half.
Felipe Caicedo : After these solid performances, both coming off the bench, club manager Mark Hughes gave him the opportunity to start his first game in the league and he went on to score for the third game in a row, this time scoring the first two goals against Hull City on 26 December 2008, in a 5–1 victory, taking his goal tally up to four.
Felipe Caicedo : He scored his second consecutive goal with a back heel in a league game against West Bromwich Albion, but the goal was initially ruled as an own goal, as it hit the post and then the goalkeeper before finally going in.
Felipe Caicedo : Felipe Salvador Caicedo Corozo (born 5 September 1988) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Lazio.
Felipe Caicedo : Caicedo's seventh City goal came in City's 3–1 home win over Blackburn Rovers on 2 May.
Felipe Caicedo : On 8 January 2010, Caicedo decided to join Málaga on loan, rejecting an offer from Hull City.
Felipe Caicedo : At the start of the 2009–10 season, Caicedo was tipped to leave City in order to get more playing time, especially after the club signed fellow forwards Roque Santa Cruz, Emmanuel Adebayor, and Carlos Tevez.
Felipe Caicedo : He scored his first La Liga goal for Málaga with a beautiful individual effort against Racing de Santander, helping Málaga win 3–0 on 14 February 2010.
Felipe Caicedo : Caicedo opened the scoring in the first leg of the UEFA Cup last 16 tie with Aalborg BK at the City of Manchester Stadium.
Felipe Caicedo : Caicedo scored his eighth goal for Manchester City in the 1–0 win over Bolton Wanderers on the last day of the season at the City of Manchester Stadium.
Felipe Caicedo : Caicedo scored his sixth goal of the season for Manchester City against Hamburger SV on 16 April 2009, but City were eliminated from the cup 4–3 on aggregate.
Arata Isozaki : Isozaki won the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 2019.
Arata Isozaki : Isozaki was born in Oita on the island of Kyushu and grew up in the era of postwar Japan.
Arata Isozaki : Despite designing buildings both inside and outside Japan, Isozaki has been described as an architect who refuses to be stuck in one architectural style, highlighting "how each of his designs is a specific solution born out of the project’s context."
Arata Isozaki : Arata Isozaki (磯崎 新, "Isozaki Arata"; born 23 July 1931) is a Japanese architect, urban designer, and theorist from Ōita.
Didier Rous : Rous said he had taken the blood enhancer, EPO.
Didier Rous : Didier Rous (born 18 September 1970 in Montauban, France) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
Didier Rous : He started his professional career with Gan in 1993 before leaving for Festina in 1997, the year in which he won a stage of the Tour de France.
Didier Rous : Rous said on 11 June 2007 that he was stopping racing because of health problems and joined the management of the Bouygues Telecom team.
Didier Rous : In 2000 he joined a new team, Bonjour, sponsored by a newspaper chain and managed by the former rider Jean-René Bernaudeau.
Robert Pine : Robert Pine (born Granville Whitelaw Pine, July 10, 1941) is an American actor who is best known as Sgt.
Robert Pine : Pine was born in New York City, the son of Virginia (née Whitelaw) (1919-1985) and Granville Martin Pine (1915-1994), a patent attorney.
Jay Acovone : Jay Acovone (born August 20, 1955) is an American actor.
Jay Acovone : His television appearances include "Search for Tomorrow" as Brian Emerson; "Beauty and the Beast" where he played D.A.
Reyes Estévez : He won the European Championships' final 1998 in Budapest.
Reyes Estévez : Reyes Estévez López (born 2 August 1976 in Cornellà de Llobregat, Spain) is a Spanish 1500 metres runner.
Reyes Estévez : In addition, he won bronze medals at the 1997 World Championships, 1999 World Championships and 2005 European Indoor Championships (both 1500 and 3000 m) and silver medals at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships and 2002 European Championships.
Michel De Wolf : De Wolf was capped 42 times for the Belgian national team, his debut coming in 1980, and appeared at three FIFA World Cups: he played two matches in the 1986 edition, four in 1990 scoring from 35 meters in the "Diables Rouges"' 2–0 group stage win against South Korea and another four (at 36) in 1994.
Rubén Wolkowyski : Rubén Oscar Wolkowyski (born September 30, 1973) is an Argentine former professional basketball player, who also holds Polish citizenship.
Daniël de Ridder : De Ridder was a regular throughout the second half of the campaign, starting nine games and appearing a further six times as a substitute.
Daniël de Ridder : Daniël Robin Frederick de Ridder (born 6 March 1984) is a Dutch footballer.
Daniël de Ridder : The Netherlands went on to win the UEFA U-21 Championship 2006.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Pérez Esquivel began working with popularly based Latin American Christian pacifist groups during the 1960s.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : He was jailed in 1976 in Ecuador, along with Latin American and North American bishops.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : In June 2017 he has been defending the government of Nicolás Maduro, in Venezuela, claiming that the country is undergoing a coup d'état attempt, orchestrated by the United States.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Pérez Esquivel was born in Buenos Aires to a Spanish fisherman from Poio, Galicia, who emigrated to Argentina.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : He relinquished his teaching post in 1974, when he was chosen as coordinator general for a network of Latin America-based communities promoting liberation of the poor through non-violence.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Pérez Esquivel was detained by the Brazilian Military Police in 1975.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : When systematic repression followed the March 1976 coup, which brought the dictatorship of General Jorge Videla to power, Pérez Esquivel contributed to the formation and financing of the linkages between popularly based organizations to defend human rights in Argentina and support the families of the victims of the Dirty War.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Adolfo Pérez Esquivel (born November 26, 1931) is an Argentine activist, community organizer, art painter, writer and sculptor.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : The NGO "Servicio Paz y Justicia" ("Service, Peace and Justice Foundation", or SERPAJ), which he co-founded in 1974, and served as an instrument for the defense of human rights by promoting an international campaign to denounce the atrocities committed by the military regime.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Pérez Esquivel served as president of the Honorary Council of Service, Latin American Peace and Justice Foundation and of the International League for Human Rights and Liberation of Peoples (based in Milan), and as a member of the Permanent Peoples' Tribunal.
Adolfo Pérez Esquivel : Esquivel's work ranges from exhibitions to murals and monuments, including the 15 station Latin American Via Crucis (including a Lenten cloth "A new sky and a new land") made in 1992 to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the conquest of America; Monument to Refugees, located in the Headquarters of the UNHCR in Switzerland; the Latin American Peoples Mural in the Cathedral of Riobamba, Ecuador, dedicated to Monsignor Proaño and the indigenous peoples; and a bronze statue in tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Square, in Barcelona.
Aimé Jacquet : Aimé Étienne Jacquet (; born 27 November 1941) is a retired French football coach and former player.
Aimé Jacquet : He was born in Sail-sous-Couzan, Loire.
Rafa Jordà : Rafael Jordà Ruiz de Assin (; born 1 January 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a centre forward.
Rafa Jordà : In March 2012, aged 28, Jordà moved abroad for the first time in his career, joining Chinese Super League side Guizhou Renhe F.C.
Carlos Batres : Having refereed in FIFA since January 1, 1996, Batres conducted his first international match on October 27, 1996, a 1998 World Cup qualifier between Panama and Canada.
Carlos Batres : Carlos Alberto Batres González (born April 2, 1968 in Guatemala City) is a Guatemalan football referee.
Carlos Batres : He has refereed FIFA World Cup qualification and final tournament matches, and at Olympic tournaments.
Carlos Batres : On June 20, 2010, he refereed the match between Italy and New Zealand, which ended in a 1–1 draw.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : His time at River Plate was his most successful, in terms of trophies.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : In 1976 San Lorenzo sold him to Brazilian club Grêmio, but his stay there didn't last long, he returned to Argentina to play for River Plate.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : In 1981 River sold Ortiz to Club Atlético Huracán, his time there was unremarkable and he was soon sold on to Independiente.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : Oscar Alberto Ortiz (born 8 April 1953 in Chacabuco, Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a winger.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : Back at River Ortiz helped River to win 3 league titles in a row (M1979, N1979 and M1980), the second time in their history that they had achieved this feat.
Oscar Alberto Ortiz : his first trophy at the club was the Metropolitano championship in 1977.
Lucian Sânmărtean : Lucian Iulian Sânmărtean (born 13 March 1980) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or a winger.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : On 18 February he became Cardinal-Deacon of San Cesareo in Palatio.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : He was President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : Antonio Maria Vegliò (born 3 February 1938) is an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who has served as Vatican diplomat and in the Roman Curia.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : Vegliò was created a Cardinal by Pope Benedict XVI on 18 February 2012.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : Pope Benedict XVI announced on 6 January 2012 that Vegliò would be created cardinal.
Antonio Maria Vegliò : On 21 April 2012 Vegliò was named a member of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments and the Pontifical Council for the Family and the Pontifical Council for the Laity.
Giorgio Moroder : Moroder released "E=MC²" in 1979.
Giorgio Moroder : Moroder wrote the official theme songs, "Reach Out", for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, and "Hand in Hand", for the 1988 Seoul Olympics and "Un'estate italiana" for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
Giorgio Moroder : On 16 January, the collaboration with Kylie Minogue, "Right Here, Right Now", was leaked to the internet ahead of its official release.
Giorgio Moroder : On 20 September 2004 Moroder was honored at the Dance Music Hall of Fame ceremony, held in New York, when he was inducted for his achievements and contributions as a producer.
Giorgio Moroder : Giovanni Giorgio Moroder was born on 26 April 1940 in Val Gardena in South Tyrol, Italy.
Giorgio Moroder : His mother called him Hansjörg (), a German version of his two first names, while he was growing up they lived in a mixed German, Italian and Ladin-speaking environment in South Tyrol in northern Italy.
Giorgio Moroder : In 2014, Giorgio Moroder won his fourth Grammy Award for Daft Punk's "Random Access Memories" (Album of the Year).
Giorgio Moroder : He is the founder of the former Musicland Studios in Munich, a recording studio used by many artists including The Rolling Stones, Electric Light Orchestra, Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, Queen and Elton John.
Giorgio Moroder : This soundtrack includes seven pop music tracks from Pat Benatar, Jon Anderson, Adam Ant, Billy Squier, Loverboy, Bonnie Tyler and Freddie Mercury.
Alex Westaway : Westaway was born and raised in Northamptonshire and attended Rugby School where he met future bandmates and co founders of Horsie In The Hedge LLP, Dan Haigh and Alex Gingell.
Kgalema Motlanthe : Motlanthe had been a student activist, trade unionist and member of the ANC's military wing, Umkhonto we Sizwe, during the struggle against apartheid.
Kgalema Motlanthe : In 1977, he was found guilty of three charges under the Terrorism Act and sentenced to an effective 10 years' imprisonment on Robben Island, from 1977 to 1987.
Santiago Aragón : A Real Madrid youth graduate, he played one game for the 1988 league champions (a 0–0 away draw against RC Celta de Vigo on 16 April 1988), also appearing in two and a half seasons with the reserve team in Segunda División; barred by Rafael Martín Vázquez first and Gheorghe Hagi afterwards he was loaned successively to RCD Español and CD Logroñés, both in La Liga, where he only featured in 29 matches combined.
Santiago Aragón : Santiago Aragón Martínez (born 3 April 1968) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
David Meca : It was during the time of this sanction that he started focusing on challenges which nobody had done before.
David Meca : David Meca Medina (born 1 February 1974 in Sabadell) is a long distance swimmer from Spain, who has swum from mainland Spain to Ibiza among his exploits.
David Meca : Meca served a one-year ban on every competition and a four-year ban on championships following a positive test for nandrolone, a banned performance enhancer, in 1999.
David Meca : He won gold at the 2005 FINA World Championships in Montreal for the men's open water 25 km.
Justin Theroux : They became engaged in August 2012, and wed on August 5, 2015.
Justin Theroux : In 2003, he was featured in a music video for the British band Muse for their song "Hysteria".
Justin Theroux : Theroux returned to acting in the film "Your Highness" (2011), as Leezar, an evil wizard who kidnaps a princess.
Justin Theroux : Theroux wrote the screenplay for the 2010 film "Iron Man 2".
Justin Theroux : In 2009, Theroux made up part of the voice cast for "".
Justin Theroux : Theroux also has appeared on television, having starred in "The District" and appeared on episodes of shows such as "Alias", "Ally McBeal", "Sex and the City" (in which he guest starred in two episodes as different characters), and "Six Feet Under" (in which he played a recurring character in the third and fourth seasons).
Justin Theroux : Theroux made his film debut in 1996 in Mary Harron's "I Shot Andy Warhol".
Justin Theroux : He starred in David Lynch's films "Mulholland Drive" and "Inland Empire".
Justin Theroux : Theroux began dating actress Jennifer Aniston in 2011, after working together on the film "Wanderlust".
Justin Theroux : In June 2013, Theroux was cast as the lead character in HBO's TV pilot "The Leftovers", which HBO ordered as a 10-episode season In September 2013.
Justin Theroux : Theroux also had roles in two other films at the festival, "Broken English" and "The Ten", in which he played Jesus Christ alongside Gretchen Mol.
Justin Theroux : Theroux co-wrote the Ben Stiller film "Tropic Thunder", and also appeared in the behind-the-scenes mockumentary "Tropic Thunder: Rain of Madness".
Justin Theroux : Theroux is further known as a screenwriter for films such as the action comedy "Tropic Thunder" (2008), the superhero film "Iron Man 2" (2010), and the musical comedy-drama "Rock of Ages" (2012).
Fred Forest : In 2015 exhibition at Jeu de Paume Paris " Sharingmédia ".
Fred Forest : These actions elicited the attention and displeasure of Brazil's military regime and Forest was detained by the political police, released only after the French Embassy intervened on his behalf.
Fred Forest : In the early 1960s, he worked as an illustrator for the French newspapers Combat and Les Echos and experimented with the projection of moving and still images on "tableaux-écrans," or screen-paintings.
Fred Forest : Forest went on to create a number of important online works including "Time Out" (1998, for the inaugural Fête de l’Internet), "The Time Processing Machine" (1998), "The Techno-Wedding" (1999), "The Center of the World" (1999), "Territorial Outings" (2001), "Networked Color" (2000), "Meat: The Territory of the Body and the Networked Body" (2002), "Memory Pictures" (2005), "The Digital Street Corner" (2005), and "Biennale 3000" (2006).
Fred Forest : Other examples include his installation of LED message boards juxtaposing Bible verses and Gulf War news dispatches ("The Electronic Bible and the Gulf War," 1991), his public campaign for the presidency of Bulgarian National Television ("For a Utopian and Nervous Television," 1991), and his broadcasting of peace messages into the former Yugoslavia via radio and loudspeakers mounted on towers near the border ("The Watchtowers of Peace," 1993).
Michael Ballack : The couple have three children together: Louis (born 2001), Emilio (born 2002), and Jordi (born 2005).
Michael Ballack : In 1995, Ballack earned his first professional contract, thanks to his performances in the role of central midfielder.
Michael Ballack : He is the only child of Stephan Ballack, an engineer, and his wife Karin, a secretary.
Michael Ballack : As a result of the injury, Ballack was not able to participate in the 2010 World Cup.
Michael Ballack : Coaches Christoph Daum and Klaus Toppmöller granted him an attacking role in the midfield.
Michael Ballack : Ballack began his career as a youth at Chemnitzer FC, his local team, and made his professional debut in 1995.
Michael Ballack : His professional debut came on 4 August 1995, on the first day of the new 2.
Michael Ballack : On 1 July 1999, Ballack moved to Bayer Leverkusen at age 22 for a transfer fee of €4.1 million.
Michael Ballack : On 28 March 1998, Ballack made his first-team debut-start against Bayer Leverkusen.
Michael Ballack : The 2001–02 season was a disappointing one for Bayer Leverkusen.
Michael Ballack : On 25 June 2010, Ballack signed a two-year contract with former club Bayer Leverkusen.
Michael Ballack : At the end of the season, during which Ballack made 15 appearances, Chemnitz were relegated to the multi-tiered, regional third division.
Michael Ballack : In spite of Real Madrid's interest, Ballack decided to sign with Bayern Munich in a €12.9 million deal in 2002 after his impressive performances in the World Cup.
Michael Ballack : Michael Ballack (; born 26 September 1976) is a German retired footballer.
Michael Ballack : Kaiserslautern reached the quarter finals of the Champions League, but were eliminated by Bayern Munich.
Michael Ballack : It was during the seventh match of the 1997–98 Bundesliga season, away to Karlsruhe, that Rehhagel decided to give Ballack his first Bundesliga appearance, substituting him onto the field for the final five minutes of the encounter.
Michael Ballack : In the 2006 World Cup, he was unable to start in Germany's first game against Costa Rica due to a calf strain, but appeared in the following five matches.
Michael Ballack : Ballack captained the Chelsea team in the absence of captain John Terry and vice-captain Frank Lampard in a 2–1 win over Newcastle United on 29 December 2007.
Michael Ballack : On 19 August 2010, he scored the first goal for Leverkusen in a 3–0 win against Tavriya Simferopol in the UEFA Europa League qualifiers.
Efraín Juárez : Efraín Juárez Valdez (born 22 February 1988) is a Mexican former footballer who last played at Vålerenga as a defensive midfielder or right back.
Lee Hsien Loong : In 1980, he completed a Master of Public Administration at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University.
Lee Hsien Loong : Lee Hsien Loong (; Tamil: லீ சியன் லூங்; born 10 February 1952) is a Singaporean politician serving as the current and third Prime Minister of Singapore since 2004.
Lee Hsien Loong : Lee graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge University, as Senior Wrangler - the top mathematics undergraduate in 1974, and gaining a Diploma in Computer Science with distinction as well.
Lee Hsien Loong : Lee is the eldest son of Singapore's first Prime Minister, Lee Kuan Yew.
Tadej Valjavec : He is well known as a good climber due to his rides on mountain stages in the Giro d'Italia.
Tadej Valjavec : He was provisionally suspended by Ag2r-La Mondiale and pulled from their squad for the impending Giro d'Italia.
Tadej Valjavec : Tadej Valjavec (born 13 April 1977 in Kranj) is a Slovenian former professional road bicycle racer, who last competed for the Sava team.
Tadej Valjavec : On 4 May 2010 Valjavec's name was released as being one of several riders under investigation by the UCI for "irregular blood values".
Magnus Lindberg : During this time he was not only rethinking his style but also recovering from a tropical disease contracted during travel in Indonesia.
Magnus Lindberg : It uses traditional instrumentation as well as percussion on scrap metal and spoken word.
Magnus Lindberg : "Quintetto dell’Estate" (1979) is generally held to be Lindberg's first opus.
Magnus Lindberg : Magnus Gustaf Adolf Lindberg (born 27 June 1958) is a Finnish composer and pianist.
Magnus Lindberg : He is a trained pianist and has performed several of his works as part of Toimii.
Magnus Lindberg : His first piece performed by a professional orchestra was "Sculpture II" in 1982, the second part of a trilogy whose first and third sections were long unwritten.
Magnus Lindberg : This piece was written for and premiered by the new-music ensemble Toimii ("It Works" in Finnish), which Lindberg founded in the summer of 1980.
Magnus Lindberg : "Kraft" (1983–85), another piece written for Toimii, is Lindberg's largest work to date, with harmonies of over 70 notes and a meter-high score.
Magnus Lindberg : After finishing it Lindberg found it hard to compose, and with the exception of 1986's "Ur", which he called ""Kraft" in chamber form", he entered a creative hiatus that lasted over two years.
Magnus Lindberg : He attended summer courses in Siena (with Franco Donatoni) and Darmstadt (with Brian Ferneyhough).
Magnus Lindberg : Lindberg was born in Helsinki, where he studied at the Sibelius Academy under Einojuhani Rautavaara and Paavo Heininen, beginning with piano.
Magnus Lindberg : His first great success came with "Action-Situation-Signification" (1982), the first work in which he explored "musique concrète".
James Caan : Caan has been married four times.
James Caan : They divorced in 2009, citing irreconcilable differences.
James Caan : Caan is a practicing martial artist.
James Caan : He has trained with Takayuki Kubota for nearly thirty years, earning various ranks.
James Caan : From 1982 to 1987, Caan suffered from depression over his sister's death from leukemia, a growing problem with cocaine, and what he described as "Hollywood burnout," and did not act in any films.
James Caan : He was educated in New York City, and later attended Michigan State University.
James Caan : Caan was married to Ingrid Hajek from September 1990 to March 1994; they had a son, Alexander James Caan, born 1991.
James Caan : In 1961, he married Dee Jay Mathis; they divorced in 1966.
James Caan : The following year, Caan appeared in the neo-noir movie "Thief" (1981), directed by Michael Mann, in which he played a professional safe cracker.
James Caan : Caan's second marriage to Sheila Marie Ryan (a former girlfriend of Elvis Presley) in 1976 was short-lived; they divorced the following year.
James Caan : His first substantial film role was as a punk hoodlum in the 1964 thriller "Lady in a Cage", which starred Olivia de Havilland, who praised Caan's performance.
James Caan : While studying at Hofstra University, however, he became intrigued by acting and was interviewed for, accepted to, and graduated from, New York City's Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre, where he studied for five years; one of his instructors was Sanford Meisner.
James Caan : Their son, Scott Caan, who also is an actor, was born August 23, 1976.
James Caan : In 1978, Caan directed "Hide in Plain Sight", a film about a father searching for his children, who were lost in the Witness Protection Program.
James Caan : Mississippi, in support of John Wayne and Robert Mitchum.
Jerzy Stuhr : In Poland and nearby countries, he is probably best known for the part of Max in Juliusz Machulski's 1984 dystopian cult comedy (one of the most popular Polish movies), and – to a younger audience – for lending his voice to the talking donkey in the dubbed Polish version of the Shrek trilogy.
Jerzy Stuhr : He served as the Rector of the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Kraków for two terms: from 1990 to 1996 and again from 2002 to 2008.
Jonny Lang : He was signed to A&M Records in 1996.
Jonny Lang : This was followed by the more soulful "Long Time Coming" on October 14, 2003.
Jonny Lang : Lang also made a cover of Edgar Winter's "Dying to Live".
Jonny Lang : He released the critically acclaimed multi-platinum "Lie to Me" on January 28, 1997.
Jonny Lang : In 1999, he was invited to play for a White House audience that included President and Mrs. Clinton.
Jonny Lang : The band moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota, and independently released the album "Smokin"' when Lang was 14.
Jonny Lang : King, Blues Traveler, Jeff Beck and Sting.
Jonny Lang : Jon Gordon Langseth Jr. (born January 29, 1981), known as Jonny Lang, is an American blues, gospel, and rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
Jonny Lang : The next album, "Wander this World", was released on October 20, 1998, and earned a Grammy nomination.
Jonny Lang : In more than ten years on the road, Lang has toured with the Rolling Stones, Buddy Guy, Aerosmith, B.B.
Jonny Lang : Lang's 2006 album, the gospel-influenced "Turn Around", won him his first Grammy Award.
Joaquín del Olmo : Upon del Olmo's return to Mexico in 1997, he represented Necaxa, Tigres, Puebla, and Chiapas during the following six years.
Joaquín del Olmo : Joaquín Alberto del Olmo Blanco (born 20 April 1969 in Tampico) is a retired Mexican football midfielder and current consultant for Real Oviedo of Segunda División.
Pol Espargaró : Pol Espargaró Villà (born 10 June 1991) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer who currently rides in the MotoGP class for the KTM factory team.
Pol Espargaró : After running last year on board an Aprilia RS125 in Belson Campetella, he switched the Aprilia for the Derbi, in this occasion an RSA and partnered by Joan Olivé.
Pervez Musharraf : Musharraf's family moved to Ankara in 1949, when his father became part of a diplomatic deputation from Pakistan to Turkey.
Pervez Musharraf : Syed Pervez Musharraf ( ""; born 11 August 1943) is a Pakistani politician and retired four-star general of the Pakistan Army, who was the tenth president of Pakistan.
Pervez Musharraf : Since the start of 2011, news had circulated that Musharraf would return to Pakistan before the 2013 general election.
Pervez Musharraf : On 17 December 2019, a special court declared him a traitor and sentenced him "in absentia" to death for abrogating and suspending the constitution in November 2007.
Pervez Musharraf : On 3 November 2007 Musharraf declared emergency rule across Pakistan.
Pervez Musharraf : He held the presidency from 2001 until 2008, when he tendered his resignation to avoid impeachment.
Pervez Musharraf : In 1956, he left Turkey and returned to Pakistan in 1957 where he attended Saint Patrick's School in Karachi and was accepted at the Forman Christian College University in Lahore.
Pervez Musharraf : During the 1971 war with India, he was a company commander of an SSG commando battalion.
Gordon Strachan : He has since managed Coventry City, Southampton, Celtic, Middlesbrough and Scotland.
Gordon Strachan : Manchester United
Gordon Strachan : Gordon David Strachan ( or ; born 9 February 1957) is a Scottish football coach and former player.
Harlan Coben : He wrote a short story, "The Key to My Father," which appeared on June 15, 2003.
Harlan Coben : Coben was in his senior year at college when he realized he wanted to write.
Harlan Coben : He is also the first writer in more than a decade to be invited to write fiction for the "New York Times" op-ed page.
Harlan Coben : Among his novels are two series, each involving the same protagonist set in and around New York and New Jersey, and some characters appear in both.
Harlan Coben : After Amherst, Coben worked in the travel industry, in a company owned by his grandfather.
Harlan Coben : Coben has won an Edgar Award, a Shamus Award and an Anthony Award.
Harlan Coben : The plots of his novels often involve the resurfacing of unresolved or misinterpreted events in the past, murders, or fatal accidents and have multiple twists.
Harlan Coben : He then began writing a series of thrillers featuring a former basketball player turned sports agent, Myron Bolitar, who often finds himself investigating murders involving his clients.
Harlan Coben : While studying political science at Amherst College, he was a member of Psi Upsilon fraternity, along with the writer Dan Brown.
Harlan Coben : Harlan Coben (born January 4, 1962) is an American writer of mystery novels and thrillers.
Harlan Coben : Coben lives in Ridgewood, New Jersey, with his wife, Anne Armstrong-Coben, a pediatrician, and their four children.
Harlan Coben : Coben was born into a Jewish family in Newark, New Jersey, and was raised in Livingston, where he graduated from Livingston High School, with his childhood friend and future politician Chris Christie.
Miguel España : Currently he trains the Borregos Salvajes soccer team at the university Tecnológico de Monterrey Campus Ciudad de México.
Miguel España : España also played in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Miguel España : He was a player of UNAM Pumas, and took over as coach after Hugo Sánchez stepped down as coach, and he took them to the Copa Sudamericana 2005 cup final which they lost.
Miguel España : Miguel España Garcés (born January 31, 1964) is a Mexican football player and coach.
Rubén Sosa : He was a member of the Uruguay national team and a plethora of clubs around the world.
Rubén Sosa : He played for Danubio from 1982 to 1985, when he was transferred to Spain's Real Zaragoza.
Rubén Sosa : Nowadays, Ruben Sosa works for Nacional as assistant coach, but he also played for a Second Division team in Uruguay, Racing Club de Montevideo in 2006.
Rubén Sosa : Ruben Sosa Ardaiz (born 25 April 1966) is a retired Uruguayan football forward.
Rubén Sosa : He was Inter's leading goal scorer in the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons, winning the UEFA Cup in 1994.
Rubén Sosa : With this club, Ruben Sosa won the Copa del Rey in 1986, scoring in the final against FC Barcelona.
Rubén Sosa : Born in Montevideo, Sosa started his career in Danubio at the age of 15, being one of the youngest footballers to play in the Uruguayan First Division.
Rubén Sosa : After years of success in Uruguay, Spain and Italy, Ruben Sosa played for Germany's Borussia Dortmund, winning the Bundesliga title in 1995–96.
Rubén Sosa : When he left Borussia Dortmund, he returned to Spain to play for CD Logroñés.
Vincent Zhao : He soon became the youngest member of the Harbin wushu team, which was established in 1985.
Vincent Zhao : Vincent Zhao Wenzhuo (born 10 April 1972), sometimes credited as Vincent Chiu or Chiu Man-cheuk, is a Chinese actor and martial artist.
Joe Duplantier : He was also in a band called Empalot with his brother Mario Duplantier from 1999 to 2004.
Joe Duplantier : He has stated that Gojira is his main priority and that is the reason he has not done extensive touring with Cavalera Conspiracy.
Joe Duplantier : Some of the lyrical themes of Gojira reflect Duplantier's personal beliefs in preserving the environment.
Joe Duplantier : In 2008, he was replaced by Johny Chow on bass duties for Cavalera Conspiracy.
Joe Duplantier : Joe Duplantier's influences include bands such as Death, Metallica, Morbid Angel, Sepultura and Slayer.
Joe Duplantier : Joseph Andrew Duplantier (born 19 October 1976 in Paris) is a French musician best known as the rhythm guitarist and vocalist of metal band Gojira.
Joe Duplantier : Max Cavalera and Igor Cavalera initially asked Jean-Michel Labadie, bassist of Gojira, to do bass duties for their band, Cavalera Conspiracy; however, Labadie was busy with prior commitments, including Gojira.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The fiscal deficit was running at 8%.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : 20,000 Bolivians began to march on La Paz, demanding the President's resignation.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The plaintiffs in the cases, "Mamani, et al.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : It said that no U.S. President could be charged for crimes done by military and police forces.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Their work included forensic studies, crime scene investigations, and eyewitness testimony.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Supporters included many from the president's party, reflecting a broad consensus for an impartial investigation.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Evo Morales, one of the key protest leaders, voluntarily offered evidence.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The case was stayed on 19 August 2014 pending defendants' appeal of the district court's decision.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : v. Sánchez Berzaín", seek compensatory and punitive damages under the Alien Tort Statute (ATS).
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The acute economic crisis affected above all the urban workers and the farming/indigenous populations; their struggles gave widespread support for protests.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : On 20 May 2014, Judge James Cohn ordered that Plaintiffs' claims under the Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA) could proceed because they sufficiently alleged facts that "plausibly suggest that these killings were deliberate," and because they adequately alleged that Defendants were responsible for the killings.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Economic growth had plunged from the 4.8% at the end of Sánchez de Lozada's first presidency to 0.6% in 1999 and had recovered to only 2% for 2002.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : It was intended to determine whether Sánchez de Lozada and his cabinet ministers should be held legally responsible for the violence of the Gas War.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Protesters blockaded the main highway from the city of El Alto, Bolivia down to neighboring La Paz.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : When Sánchez de Lozada took office, he was faced with an economic and social crisis inherited from the preceding administration.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : v. Sánchez de Lozada", and "Mamani, et al.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Plaintiffs-appellees filed their brief on 6 March 2015.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The 11th Circuit Court of Appeals issued their decision on 17 June 2016.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : In 2004, after a concerted campaign by the families of the victims, the government and human rights groups, who gathered over 700,000 signatures on petitions, two thirds of Bolivia's Congress voted to authorize a "Trial of Responsibility" of the exiled president.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : In August 2011 the Bolivian Supreme Court sentenced five members of the military and two politicians to between three and fifteen years in prison for their role in the events of September and October 2003.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : On 10 November 2009, the U.S. District Court in the Southern District of Florida ruled that the claims for charges of crimes against humanity against de Lozada had no case.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : On 11 November 2008, Bolivia formally served the U.S. government with a request to extradite Sánchez de Lozada to Bolivia.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The Attorney-General's office took testimony from twelve ministers, and carried out detailed preliminary investigations.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The request was rejected by the U.S. State Department in 2012, based on the argument that Sánchez de Lozada's actions are not a crime in the USA, and that no dual criminality condition existed.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Appellants-defendants filed their brief to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals on 14 January 2015.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Faced with rising anger at the deaths, and with coalition partner Manfred Reyes Villa withdrawing political support, Sánchez de Lozada offered his resignation on 17 October in a letter to be read at an emergency session of Congress.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : While he won the plurality with 25.6% of the popular vote, in the congressional runoff among the top three candidates, Jaime Paz Zamora of the MIR, who had polled 21.8% of the popular vote and formerly been in third place, won the presidency.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The court ruled that charges of extrajudicial killings could be pursued in order to allow two related U.S. cases to progress against former president Gonzalo Daniel Sánchez de Lozada de Bustamante and former Bolivian Defense Minister Jose Carlos Sánchez Berzaín.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada y Sánchez de Bustamante (born July 1, 1930), familiarly known as "Goni", is a Bolivian politician and businessman, who served as President of Bolivia for two non-consecutive terms.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : The jury trial for the combined cases against Sánchez de Lozada and Sánchez Berzaín began on March 5, 2018 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada : In 1993, Sánchez de Lozada again ran for president, this time in alliance with the Tupac Katari Revolutionary Liberation Movement ("Movimiento Revolucionario Tupac Katari de Liberación", MRTKL), an indigenous party formed in 1985 whose leader Víctor Hugo Cárdenas was the candidate for vice-president.
Per Petterson : He cites Knut Hamsun and Raymond Carver among his influences.
Per Petterson : He has worked as a bookstore clerk, translator and literary critic before becoming a full-time writer.
Per Petterson : Per Petterson (born 18 July 1952 in Oslo) is a Norwegian novelist.
Per Petterson : His debut book was "Aske i munnen, sand i skoa" (1987), a collection of short stories.
Per Petterson : The 2005 English language translation, "Out Stealing Horses", was awarded the 2006 "Independent" Foreign Fiction Prize and the 2007 International Dublin Literary Award (the world's largest monetary literary prize for a single work of fiction published in English, €100,000).
Per Petterson : "I kjølvannet", translated as "In the Wake" (2002), is a young man's story of losing his family in the "Scandinavian Star" ferry disaster in 1990 (Petterson himself lost his mother, father, younger brother and a niece in the disaster); it won the Brage Prize for 2000.
Per Petterson : "To Siberia" (1996), set in the Second World War, was published in English in 1998 and nominated for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize.
Daron Malakian : Daron Vartan Malakian was born on July 18, 1975, in Hollywood, the only child to Vartan and Zepur Malakian.
Daron Malakian : He is placed 30th in "Guitar World"s list of "The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time".
Daron Malakian : He always wanted to play the drums, but his parents got him a guitar instead because "You can't turn the drums off."
Daron Malakian : The group released an eponymous album in 2008, which featured the hit single "They Say" (written by Malakian).
Daron Malakian : Shavo Odadjian then became their manager, and then rhythm guitarist.
Daron Malakian : They then recruited drummer Andy Khachaturian, who was replaced by John Dolmayan in 1997.
Daron Malakian : At a very early age, Malakian got into heavy metal music; his distant cousin played him a Kiss record when he was four years old.
Daron Malakian : On July 20, 2018, Daron Malakian and Scars on Broadway released the album "Dictator."
Daron Malakian : They formed a jam band called Soil with bassist Dave Hakopyan and drummer Domingo Laraino.
Daron Malakian : Malakian met Serj Tankian in 1993, while they both shared the same rehearsal studio in different bands.
Daron Malakian : Malakian started listening to Van Halen, Def Leppard, Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Motörhead and Ozzy Osbourne among others.
Daron Malakian : Soil broke up and Malakian, Tankian, and Odadjian (who switched to bass) formed a new band using the name “System of a Down”, based on a poem that Daron wrote.
Daron Malakian : During his teens Malakian listened to thrash metal bands such as Slayer, Venom, Metallica, Pantera and Sepultura.
Daron Malakian : Daron Vartan Malakian (born July 18, 1975) is an Armenian-American musician, singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer.
Urko Arroyo : Arroyo was born in Bilbao, Biscay.
Urko Arroyo : Urko Arroyo Rivas (born 14 May 1987) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a right winger.
Urko Arroyo : Released by Athletic in the summer of 2009, Arroyo joined Basque neighbours Barakaldo CF in the third division.
Urko Arroyo : After passing through the various youth ranks at local Athletic Bilbao, he would make two appearances with the first team: the first arrived on 23 April 2006 as he played five minutes in a 0–3 home loss against Valencia CF; the other only came two years later, also in La Liga, in a 1–4 away defeat to Sevilla FC.
Johan Djourou : Instead, he played in the centre of defence as first choice backup following the departure of fellow Swiss defender Philippe Senderos to A.C. Milan on a season-long loan.
Johan Djourou : Danon Issouf Johannes Djourou Gbadjere (; born 18 January 1987), known as Johan Djourou, is a professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Sion.
Trương Tấn Sang : Under party regulations, the president is under the authority of Secretariat, so the position is ceremonial.
Trương Tấn Sang : Trương Tấn Sang was born 21 January 1949, in Đức Hòa District in Long An Province.
Trương Tấn Sang : The National Assembly of Vietnam elected Trương Tấn Sang as state president on 25 July 2011 with 97.4 percent of the vote.
Trương Tấn Sang : He was Communist Party secretary for Ho Chi Minh City from 1996 to 2000.
Trương Tấn Sang : Trương Tấn Sang joined the Communist Party of Vietnam on 20 December 1969.
Ehud Barak : Barak divorced Nava in August 2003.
Ehud Barak : Barak was awarded the Medal of Distinguished Service and four Chief of Staff citations ("Tzalash HaRamatkal") for courage and operational excellence.
Ehud Barak : In January 2007 Barak launched a bid to recapture the leadership of the Labor party in a letter acknowledging "mistakes" and "inexperience" during his tenure as Prime Minister.
Ehud Barak : He was elected to the Knesset on the Labor Party list in 1996, and served as a member of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee.
Ehud Barak : Barak earned his bachelor's degree in physics and mathematics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1968, and his master's degree in engineering-economic systems in 1978 from Stanford University, in California.
Ehud Barak : During his service as a commando in the elite Sayeret Matkal, Barak led several highly acclaimed operations, such as: "Operation Isotope", the mission to free the hostages on board the hijacked Sabena Flight 571 at Lod Airport in 1972; the covert 1973 Israeli raid on Lebanon in Beirut, in which he was disguised as a woman to kill members of the Palestine Liberation Organization; Barak was also a key architect of the June 1976 Operation Entebbe, another rescue mission to free the hostages of the Air France aircraft hijacked by terrorists and forced to land at the Entebbe Airport in Uganda.
Ehud Barak : He served in the IDF for 35 years, rising to the position of Chief of the General Staff and the rank of "Rav Aluf" (Lieutenant-General), the highest in the Israeli military.
Ehud Barak : Ehud Barak (, born Ehud Brog; 12 February 1942) is an Israeli general and politician who served as the tenth Prime Minister from 1999 to 2001.
Víctor Ullate : In 1979, he was invited by the Spanish Ministry of Culture to form a new national ballet company, the Ballet Nacional de España.
Víctor Ullate : Víctor Ullate (born 9 May 1947, Zaragoza, Spain) is a dancer, choreographer and ballet director.
Víctor Ullate : Since the year 2000, Ullate is president of the Victor Ullate Foundation for Dance, which promotes professional-level education for ballet dancers
Víctor Ullate : He has three sons, one of them, Víctor Ullate Roche, is also a professional dancer and one of the judges on Fama ¡a bailar!
Víctor Ullate : Ullate has formed and trained some of today's most famous ballet dancers, including Angel Corella, Tamara Rojo, Joaquín De Luz, Lucia Lacarra, Carlos Lopez and Igor Yebra.
Víctor Ullate : He started his now famous ballet company, Ballet de Victor Ullate in 1988 and started choreographing.
Martin Škrtel : Škrtel played international football for Slovakia youth teams, before making his debut in the senior squad in 2004.
Martin Škrtel : On 9 August 2019, Škrtel joined Serie A side Atalanta.
Martin Škrtel : Martin Škrtel (; born 15 December 1984) is a Slovak professional footballer who currently plays for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir and was formerly a long-term captain of Slovakia.
Martin Škrtel : He was selected in Slovakia's squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, the country's first as an independent nation.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Between 1999 and 2001 he presided at the Inter Mediterranean Commission.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : He obtains 33 seats of a whole of 45 in the Regional Assembly of Murcia.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In 2003 he was part of the Delegation of the CoR in the European Convention that was entrusted with the elaboration of the Constitutional Agreement for the European Union.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : From September 2002, Valcárcel was the vice-president of the Political Bureau of the Conference of Peripheral and Maritime Regions of Europe (CRPM).
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Four years later, in 1987, he was nominated a regional vice-president of the People's party.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Identical results were given in the municipal elections or in the processes of top area in the Region of Murcia during his tenure.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : He has served as President of the Autonomous Community of the Region of Murcia from 1995 to 2014, and former president of the Committee of the Regions (CoR) of the European Union.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : He researched about this topic and about typical customs and popular traditions of Murcia.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In October 1983, he became a member of the Executive Regional Committee of the PP, as the person in charge of the Territorial Area of the Region of Murcia.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Valcárcel started his political career in 1982, the year in which he joined the Popular Alliance (now the People's Party (PP)) and later took on responsibility for the territorial organization of the Local Meeting of the municipality of Murcia.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Far from suffering a decline, the People's party of the Region of Murcia has continued increasing its popular support election after choice.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2011 he confirmed the above-mentioned majorities, being the candidacy headed by Ramon Luis Valcárcel most voted of all those they meet to the Autonomous Elections of 2011 in the set of the Autonomous Communities of Spain, with 58,8% of the votes.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In 1991, as head of list of the People's party, he won the Municipal Elections to the Town of Murcia, though an agreement between the Socialist and the United Left parties prevented him from acceding to the Mayoralty.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In November 1991, he was elected president of the People's party of the Region of Murcia, a post that he has retained in successive congresses.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : In the Municipal Elections of 1987 he was elected a councilman of the Town of Murcia, regaining the function of president and speaker of the Municipal Group for the People's party.
Ramón Luis Valcárcel : Ramon Luis Valcárcel Siso (born November 16, 1954) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament from Spain.
Rahm Emanuel : Emanuel won the first of three terms representing Illinois's 5th congressional district, a seat he held from 2003 to 2009.
Rahm Emanuel : In October 2010, Emanuel resigned as chief of staff to run as a candidate in Chicago's 2011 mayoral election.
Rahm Emanuel : Rahm Israel Emanuel (; born November 29, 1959) is an American politician who served as the 55th mayor of Chicago from 2011 to 2019.
Rahm Emanuel : Emanuel led the Democratic Party's effort to capture the majority in the House of Representatives in the 2006 elections.
Rahm Emanuel : In his 2006 book, co-authored with Bruce Reed, "The Plan: Big Ideas for America", Emanuel advocated a three-month compulsory universal service program for Americans between the ages of 18 and 25.
Rahm Emanuel : On November 6, 2008, Emanuel accepted the position of White House Chief of Staff for US President Barack Obama.
Joseph Kony : Ideologically, the group is a syncretic mix of mysticism, Acholi nationalism, and Christian fundamentalism, and claims to be establishing a theocratic state based on the Ten Commandments and local Acholi tradition.
Joseph Kony : Kony has been accused by government entities of ordering the abduction of children to become child soldiers and sex slaves.
Joseph Kony : Joseph Rao Kony (; likely born 1961) is the leader of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), a guerrilla group that formerly operated in Uganda.
