Anna Chakvetadze : Seven suspects were arrested three months later.
Anna Chakvetadze : She is currently a commentator on Eurosport channel.
Anna Chakvetadze : The six men left with over $306,000 worth of goods and cash.
Anna Chakvetadze : In December 2011, Anna stood for election in the Russian State Duma with the Right Cause party, but they were not elected.
Anna Chakvetadze : 22, achieved in December 2003.
Anna Chakvetadze : She announced her retirement on 11 September 2013, due to a persisting back injury.
Anna Chakvetadze : She was tied by six invaders who also beat her father, Djambuli.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze entered the US Open as an unseeded player for the first time since 2005.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze announced that she will not participate in the US Open because of ankle injury.
Anna Chakvetadze : She then lost to her good friend Elena Vesnina.
Anna Chakvetadze : She reached the top 50 on 6 June 2005, coming in at world No.
Anna Chakvetadze : It was later confirmed that Chakvetadze collapsed due to a GI illness that she had been suffering from since before the tournament.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze then played four tournaments in Europe on red clay courts.
Anna Chakvetadze : This result caused her ranking to rise to a career high of world No.
Anna Chakvetadze : 69, her lowest in five years.
Anna Chakvetadze : She broke into the top 100 in the WTA rankings on September 13, reaching world No.
Anna Chakvetadze : She won eight WTA singles titles including 2006 Kremlin Cup and appeared in the 2007 US Open semifinals.
Anna Chakvetadze : Next, Chakvetadze entered the EmblemHealth Bronx Open to prepare for the US Open.
Anna Chakvetadze : She won one singles title and reached two doubles finals.
Anna Chakvetadze : That was her ninth consecutive match victory and resulted in her ranking rising to world No.
Anna Chakvetadze : Her next tournament was the Pilot Pen Tennis tournament, in New Haven, where she had been a finalist in 2008.
Anna Chakvetadze : On February 19, she made her top-ten debut on the WTA rankings, at world No.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze was seeded 32nd at Wimbledon.
Anna Chakvetadze : Her record as a junior was 67–19 in singles, and 22–14 in doubles; her highest world ranking was No.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze ended the year with six wins and eight losses, and ranked outside the top 200.
Anna Chakvetadze : The same year, she won the International Bavarian Junior Challenge, defeating Marta Domachowska in two sets.
Anna Chakvetadze : Anna Djambuliovna Chakvetadze (; ; born 5 March 1987) is a Russian former professional tennis player who was born to a Georgian father and a Russian mother.
Anna Chakvetadze : She won her second consecutive tournament the following week at the Bank of the West Classic in Palo Alto, the first tournament of the US Open Series.
Anna Chakvetadze : She reached her first quarter-final of the year, defeating Nadia Petrova and Sybille Bammer all in three sets.
Anna Chakvetadze : With this result, she became tied for the second fastest player to defeat a world top ten in WTA history, tying Serena Williams.
Anna Chakvetadze : She also lost the opening round of the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships to Ayumi Morita.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze then played five tournaments during the North American summer hard court season.
Anna Chakvetadze : She lost to Marion Bartoli in the second round.
Anna Chakvetadze : At Wimbledon, however, she was defeated in the third round by 31st-seeded Michaëlla Krajicek in three sets.
Anna Chakvetadze : She became the sixth player in 2007 to qualify for the year-ending Sony Ericsson Championships.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Rome Masters, Chakvetadze lost a close three setter to Venus Williams in the third round.
Anna Chakvetadze : The following week, she lost in the third round of the East West Bank Classic in Los Angeles to Sybille Bammer.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze was the top-seed at the Tier II Open Gaz de France in Paris.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the PTT Pattaya Open, Chakvetadze lost to Tamarine Tanasugarn in the quarterfinals.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the French Open, Chakvetadze lost to second-seeded Sharapova in the quarterfinals.
Anna Chakvetadze : In July 2002, she won her first ITF doubles title in Istanbul, teaming with fellow Russian Irina Kotkina.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Aegon International, Chakvetadze reached the second round of qualifying, where she lost to Jarmila Groth of Australia.
Anna Chakvetadze : She defeated Amélie Mauresmo in the quarterfinals, Marion Bartoli in the semifinals, and Ágnes Szávay in the final to win her seventh career singles title.
Anna Chakvetadze : In the Australian Open Chakvetadze lost in straight sets to Petra Kvitová in the second round.
Anna Chakvetadze : At Brussels Open, she lost in the first round to Yanina Wickmayer.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the 2004 US Open, Chakvetadze won three qualifying matchers to reach the main draw of her first Grand Slam singles tournament.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Tier III Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open in Cincinnati, Chakvetadze was the top seed and won the title, defeating Akiko Morigami in the final.
Anna Chakvetadze : Her next tournament was Polsat Warsaw Open where she fell in the qualifying round to Bojana Jovanovski.
Anna Chakvetadze : She then helped defending champion Russia win its first round tie against Israel in the Fed Cup by defeating Tzipora Obziler 6–4, 6–2.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze lost in the quarterfinals of the Tier II J&S Cup in Warsaw to Jelena Janković, the second round of the Tier I Qatar Telecom German Open in Berlin, and the second round of the Tier I Internazionali BNL d'Italia in Rome.
Anna Chakvetadze : She reached the semifinals of that tournament by winning two of her three round-robin matches, defeating Serena Williams and Janković before losing to Henin.
Anna Chakvetadze : Two weeks later at the Tier I Rogers Cup in Toronto, Chakvetadze retired from her second round match after losing the first set to Virginie Razzano.
Anna Chakvetadze : She defeated Sofia Arvidsson 4–6, 6–2, 6–2 in the final to win the second title of the year.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the China Open she fell in the final qualifying round to Kateryna Bondarenko.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze won her second title of the year and first grass court title in 's-Hertogenbosch, with wins over Daniela Hantuchová and Janković.
Anna Chakvetadze : In the first round, she fainted again at 6–1, 5–7, 4–4 against Zuzana Kučová, and retired.
Anna Chakvetadze : She defeated Stéphanie Dubois in the first round 2–6, 6–1, 8–6 after she saved two match points at 5–3 and an additional match point at 5–4 in the third set.
Anna Chakvetadze : On 25 September 2006, Chakvetadze won her first WTA singles tournament at the Tier III event in Guangzhou, defeating Spain's Anabel Medina Garrigues in the final.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Banka Koper Slovenia Open in Portorož, Chakvetadze defeated Johanna Larsson 6–1, 6–2 in her first final in two years and to win her eighth WTA Tour title.
Anna Chakvetadze : 3 Anastasia Myskina before losing in the third round to Eleni Daniilidou.
Anna Chakvetadze : She lost to Sabine Lisicki in the first round, meaning she was out of the top 50 for the first time in quite a while.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze started the year at the Moorilla Hobart International where she made it to the quarterfinals, but retired with a leg muscle cramp to sixth seed Shahar Pe'er.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze then entered the Tashkent Open, where she retired in the third round against Evgeniya Rodina due to a viral illness.
Anna Chakvetadze : In March, Chakvetadze competed at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, where she retired with an ankle injury in the second round whilst trailing at 6–2, 5–3 to Agnieszka Radwańska.
Anna Chakvetadze : She then competed at the Proximus Diamond Games in Antwerp, where she lost in the semifinals to Mauresmo in three sets.
Anna Chakvetadze : After a few weeks of hospital testing, Chakvetadze made her return at the UNICEF Open, where she lost to Lourdes Domínguez Lino 4–6, 1–6.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze started the year with a first-round loss at the ASB Classic in Auckland to wildcard Kimiko Date-Krumm.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze started the year by winning the Tier IV Moorilla Hobart International in Australia, her third WTA tournament title.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Rogers Cup in Toronto she lost again in the first round, to Sybille Bammer, after leading 6–3, 4–1.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Australian Open, where she was seeded 12th, she defeated eighth-seeded Patty Schnyder in the fourth round before losing in the quarterfinals to top-seeded Maria Sharapova.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the US Open, she was the sixth seed and reached the semifinals of a Grand Slam tournament for the first time, losing to Svetlana Kuznetsova in three sets.
Anna Chakvetadze : The following week, at the LA Women's Tennis Championships, she won her first two matches, against Virginie Razzano and Alisa Kleybanova, but then lost convincingly to Agnieszka Radwańska in the third round.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze won her second and third round matches in straight sets but lost in the fourth round to eighteenth-seeded Nicole Vaidišová 6–4, 6–7, 3–6.
Anna Chakvetadze : At the Acura Classic tournament in San Diego, her 12-match winning streak ended when she lost in the semifinals to top-seeded Sharapova for the third time this year 3–6, 2–6 after Chakvetadze had defeated reigning Wimbledon champion Venus Williams in the quarterfinals 6–7, 7–6, 6–2.
Anna Chakvetadze : Chakvetadze was seeded 17th at the Australian Open where she lost in the second round to Jelena Dokić 4–6, 7–6, 3–6.
Diana Damrau : She began her operatic studies with at the Hochschule für Musik Würzburg.
Diana Damrau : As well as performing in operas, Damrau is a regular on the concert stage.
Diana Damrau : She was invited to sing the title role in Salieri's "Europa riconosciuta" at the re-opening of La Scala, Milan in 2004, under the baton of Riccardo Muti.
Diana Damrau : Damrau's first operatic engagements were in Würzburg and subsequently the Mannheim National Theatre and Oper Frankfurt.
Diana Damrau : Diana Damrau (; born 31 May 1971) is a German soprano.
Joyce Carol Oates : This was love at first sight!"
Joyce Carol Oates : Since then she has published an average of two books a year.
Joyce Carol Oates : In 1966, she published "Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?
Joyce Carol Oates : Oates earned a scholarship to attend Syracuse University, where she joined Phi Mu.
Joyce Carol Oates : The third novel in the series, "them" (1969), won the 1970 National Book Award for Fiction.
Joyce Carol Oates : Oates was a member of the Board of Trustees of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation from 1997 to 2016.
Joyce Carol Oates : ", a short story dedicated to Bob Dylan and written after listening to his song "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue".
Joyce Carol Oates : Violence is a constant in her work, even leading Oates to have written an essay in response to the question, "Why Is Your Writing So Violent?"
Joyce Carol Oates : It has been anthologized many times and adapted as a film, "Smooth Talk" starring Laura Dern (1985).
Joyce Carol Oates : Oates later transferred to several bigger, suburban schools and graduated from Williamsville South High School in 1956, where she worked for her high school newspaper.
Joyce Carol Oates : At the age of 19, she won the "college short story" contest sponsored by "Mademoiselle".
Joyce Carol Oates : The Vanguard Press published Oates' first novel, "With Shuddering Fall" (1964), when she was 26 years old.
Joyce Carol Oates : from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1961.
Joyce Carol Oates : The story is loosely based on the serial killer Charles Schmid, also known as "The Pied Piper of Tucson".
Joyce Carol Oates : Joyce Carol Oates (born June 16, 1938) is an American writer.
Joyce Carol Oates : In 1978, she moved to Princeton, New Jersey, and began teaching at Princeton University.
Joyce Carol Oates : She is a fan of poet and novelist Sylvia Plath, describing Plath's sole novel "The Bell Jar" as a "near perfect work of art", but though Oates has often been compared to Plath, she disavows Plath's romanticism about suicide, and among her characters, she favors cunning, hardy survivors, both women and men.
Joyce Carol Oates : Frequent topics in her work include rural poverty, sexual abuse, class tensions, desire for power, female childhood and adolescence, and occasionally the supernatural.
Megan Fox : Another terrible movie."
Megan Fox : I've had only one great girlfriend my whole life".
Megan Fox : So, I was sort of checked out on that part of it".
Megan Fox : They became engaged in November 2006.
Megan Fox : At age 17, she tested out of school via correspondence in order to move to Los Angeles, California.
Megan Fox : Fox and Green married on June 24, 2010 in a private ceremony at the Four Seasons Resort on Maui.
Megan Fox : The film was released worldwide on June 24, 2009.
Megan Fox : "People" named her one of 2012's and 2017's Most Beautiful at Every Age.
Megan Fox : Fox began dating actor Brian Austin Green in 2004, after meeting on the set of "Hope & Faith"; she was 18 years old, while he was 30.
Megan Fox : At age 10, after moving to St. Petersburg, Florida, Fox continued her training.
Megan Fox : Fox began her training in dance and drama at age five, in Kingston, Tennessee.
Megan Fox : When she was 13 years old, Fox began modeling after winning several awards at the 1999 American Modeling and Talent Convention in Hilton Head, South Carolina.
Megan Fox : In January 2013, Fox was featured in a Brazilian television commercial for Brahma beer.
Megan Fox : She attended a dance class at the community center there and was involved in Kingston Elementary School's chorus and the Kingston Clippers swim team.
Megan Fox : In the next several years, she guest-starred on "What I Like About You" and "Two and a Half Men", as well as being an uncredited extra in "Bad Boys II" (2003).
Megan Fox : She said that the two were "very strict" and that she was not allowed to have a boyfriend or invite friends to her house.
Megan Fox : Her mother later remarried, and Fox and her sister were raised by her mother and her stepfather, Tony Tonachio.
Megan Fox : Megan Denise Fox (born May 16, 1986) is an American actress and model.
Megan Fox : Fox also said that she was never popular in high school, and that "everyone hated me, and I was a total outcast, my friends were always guys, I have a very aggressive personality, and girls didn't like me for that.
Megan Fox : Megan Fox was born on May 16, 1986 in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, to parents Gloria Darlene (Cisson) and Franklin Thomas Fox.
Megan Fox : The media often comparing Fox to actress Angelina Jolie, dubbing her the "next Angelina Jolie", also affected her image.
Megan Fox : In 2004, she made her film debut in "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" co-starring opposite Lindsay Lohan, playing the supporting role of Carla Santini, a rival of Lola (Lohan).
Megan Fox : She has been featured on various magazine covers and "hottest" and "most beautiful woman" lists throughout the years, such as "Maxim"s Hot 100 lists and when "FHM" readers voted her the "Sexiest Woman in the World" in 2008.
Hayley Williams : She has two younger half-sisters.
Hayley Williams : She has criticized the judgmental nature of some in the Christian community.
Hayley Williams : They were married on February 20, 2016.
Hayley Williams : They became engaged on Christmas Day 2014.
Hayley Williams : In the 2007 "Kerrang!"
Hayley Williams : The couple announced on July 1, 2017, that they had separated.
Hayley Williams : Williams is a soprano with a four-octave range.
Hayley Williams : Williams has publicized her decisions against such practices as smoking, drinking, or use of recreational drugs.
Hayley Williams : The Farro brothers cited differing attitudes on faith as contributing to their exit from Paramore.
Hayley Williams : The colors offered by the company include an orange, "Riot!
Hayley Williams : Williams is a Christian and regularly discusses her faith in relation to her music.
Hayley Williams : At the time she was writing pop songs with songwriters in Nashville.
Hayley Williams : In July 2015, Williams won the APMA for Best Vocalist.
Hayley Williams : They instead released their music through a "cooler" niche label, Fueled by Ramen.
Hayley Williams : According to Williams, the name "Paramore" came from the maiden name of the mother of one of their first bass players.
Hayley Williams : Shortly after settling in Franklin, she began taking vocal lessons with Brett Manning.
Hayley Williams : When it was released as a single, "Airplanes" peaked within the top ten in nineteen countries, including the number one position in the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
Hayley Williams : Once the group learned the meaning of the homophone "paramour" ("secret lover"), they decided to adopt the name, using the "Paramore" spelling.
Hayley Williams : Paramore has since released four more studio albums, "Riot!"
Hayley Williams : While still at school, she tried out for a local funk cover band, The Factory, where she met Jeremy Davis.
Hayley Williams : "Alternative Press" wrote that Williams "has more charisma than singers twice her age, and her band aren't far behind in their chops, either."
Hayley Williams : In June 2009, the band welcomed Taylor York (rhythm guitar) as an official member, although he had already been playing as a touring member with the band since 2007.
Hayley Williams : In December 2019, on her 31st birthday, Williams announced she would be releasing solo music in 2020, with a "taste" of it to come in January.
Hayley Williams : The band has released five studio albums: "All We Know Is Falling" (2005), "Riot!"
Hayley Williams : In March 2013, Williams announced she was partnering with MAC Cosmetics for the release of a new makeup collection on April 9, 2013.
Hayley Williams : After her parents divorced in 2002, Williams moved with her mother to Franklin, Tennessee.
Hayley Williams : She also appears as a playable character in the video game "Guitar Hero World Tour" after completing "Misery Business" in the vocalist campaign.
Hayley Williams : In 2006, Paramore toured outside of the US for the first time, which included a headline tour of the UK and supporting post-hardcore rock band The Blackout on the Give It A Name Festival in Europe.
Hayley Williams : The band's debut album, "All We Know Is Falling", was released in 2005 when Hayley was only 16 years old.
Hayley Williams : The news was posted by Williams on Paramore's website, with Josh later posting a controversial blog post confirming their departure.
Hayley Williams : In 2015, she launched the online beauty and music series "Kiss-Off" on Popular TV.
Hayley Williams : The four-piece collection included a bright orange lipstick, an orange nail polish, a shimmery coral eye shadow and a beauty powder.
Hayley Williams : In 2010, she was featured on the single "Airplanes" by B.o.B.
Hayley Williams : After the release of "Teenagers", Williams stated that she had no plans to establish herself as a solo artist.
Hayley Williams : The following year, she and the rest of Paramore made an appearance in the music video for "Kiss Me" by New Found Glory.
Hayley Williams : Beginning in 2008, Williams was in a relationship with Chad Gilbert, lead guitarist of New Found Glory.
Hayley Williams : In December 2010, two of the founding members of Paramore (Josh and Zac Farro) left the band.
Hayley Williams : She met future bandmates Josh and Zac Farro at her new school.
Hayley Williams : Readers' Poll, she finished second to Evanescence's Amy Lee in the "Sexiest Female" category, going on to win the first place spot for "Sexiest Female" a year later in the 2008 poll, and again in the 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 poll.
Hayley Williams : In 2019, she collaborated with American Football on the song "Uncomfortably Numb", which appeared on the band's third self-titled studio album.
Hayley Williams : "; a pink, Ex-Girl; a blue, Blue Ruin; a yellow, Steal My Sunshine; a red, Rock Lobster; a purple, PPL Eater; a green, Kowabunga; a teal, Narwhal; and a black, None More Black.
Hayley Williams : In October of that year, Williams partnered with the Hard Rock Café's PINKTOBER charity campaign to raise awareness and funding for breast cancer and its research.
Hayley Williams : In 2017, Good Dye Young launched a temporary hair dye line, that disappears after one wash, called Poser Paste.
Hayley Williams : Hayley appeared on the April 2013 cover of "Nylon" magazine to promote Paramore's self-titled album.
Hayley Williams : The music of Paramore was originally supposed to come out on Atlantic Records, but the label's marketing department decided it would be better for the image of the band to not have them attached to a huge label.
Hayley Williams : She has noted her admiration for such female singers as Debbie Harry, Siouxsie Sioux, Gwen Stefani, Beyoncé and The Distillers.
Hayley Williams : Williams was discovered in 2003 by managers Dave Steunebrink and Richard Williams, who signed the 14-year-old to a two-year production deal.
Hayley Williams : In 2010, she appeared on the tracks "Airplanes" and "Airplanes, Part II" from alternative rapper B.o.B's debut album, "".
Hayley Williams : The label's original plan for their new artist was to make her a solo pop artist but Williams objected to this, saying that she wanted to be part of a band and play pop punk music.
Hayley Williams : Along with band member and co-writer Taylor York, Williams was nominated for and won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song at the 2015 ceremony for the song "Ain't It Fun".
Hayley Williams : Singer-songwriter John Mayer praised Williams's voice in an October 2007 blog post, calling her "The great orange hope" (her hair was orange at the time).
Hayley Williams : Atlantic decided to go along with her wishes, and she then formed Paramore with Josh Farro, Zac Farro, and Jeremy Davis.
Hayley Williams : Emilee Lindner of MTV News has noted her ability to sing in the whistle register, and Maura Johnston of Rolling Stone her "acrobatic" singing style.
Hayley Williams : EDM producer Zedd and Williams collaborated on the track "Stay the Night", from his debut studio album, "Clarity", which was released in 2013.
Hayley Williams : Williams was introduced to Atlantic Records A&R Tom Storms through Richard Williams' attorneys Jim Zumwalt and Kent Marcus, and then signed to the label by Jason Flom.
Hayley Williams : Williams wrote and recorded the song "Teenagers", which was featured in the soundtrack for the feature film "Jennifer's Body".
Hayley Williams : In 2015, Williams starred as the 'Crimson Curse' in Taylor Swift's music video for her single, "Bad Blood", alongside sixteen other celebrities.
Hayley Williams : Hayley Nichole Williams was born in Meridian, Mississippi, on December 27, 1988, the daughter of Joey and Cristi Williams.
Hayley Williams : Williams cites artists such as Saves the Day, MewithoutYou, Radiohead, Slick Shoes, The Chariot, Now, Now, No Doubt, Fireworks, Set Your Goals, Tegan and Sara, New Found Glory, H2O, Lemuria and The Swellers as her favorite bands.
Hayley Williams : Williams was honored with the "Trailblazer Award" in the 2014 "Billboard"'s Women in Music Awards for making a unique mark in music and paving the way for other artists.
Hayley Williams : Aside from Paramore, Williams recorded the song "Teenagers" for the soundtrack of "Jennifer's Body" (2009) and has collaborated with artists such as October Fall, The Chariot, Set Your Goals, Zedd and New Found Glory.
Hayley Williams : Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter.
Hayley Williams : (2007), "Brand New Eyes" (2009), "Paramore" (2013), and "After Laughter" (2017).
Hayley Williams : In 2016, after over four years of planning, Williams launched her own hair dye company, Good Dye Young, alongside her hair and makeup artist, Brian O'Connor.
Brenda Villa : Villa was awarded the 2002 Peter J. Cutino Award as the top female college water polo player in the United States.
Brenda Villa : She is the most decorated athlete in the world of women’s water polo.
Kyoko Hamaguchi : Her father is professional wrestler Animal Hamaguchi, who is known for his emotional displays during Kyoko's matches.
Kyoko Hamaguchi : In both the 2004 Athens Olympics and the 2008 Beijing Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the 72 kg class.
Guo Jingjing : She started training in competitive diving in 1988, and was selected to dive for the Chinese national team in 1992.
Guo Jingjing : She took up diving when she was six years old at the Baoding Training Base.
Guo Jingjing : Guo won two more gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
Guo Jingjing : Guo Jingjing (; born October 15, 1981 in Baoding, Hebei) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China.
Leila Khaled : According to her, "It's not a peace process.
Leila Khaled : It's a political process where the balance of forces is for the Israelis and not for us.
Leila Khaled : They have all the cards to play with and the Palestinians have nothing to depend on, especially when the PLO is not united."
Leila Khaled : No one was injured, but after the passengers disembarked, the hijackers blew up the nose section of the aircraft.
Leila Khaled : On October 1, the British government released her in exchange for hostages taken in a further hijacking.
Leila Khaled : She has become involved in politics, becoming a member of the Palestinian National Council and appearing regularly at the World Social Forum.
Leila Khaled : Although she was carrying two hand grenades at the time, Khaled said she had received very strict instructions not to threaten passengers on the civilian flight.
Leila Khaled : She is married to the physician Fayez Rashid Hilal, and lives with their two sons Bader and Bashar in Amman, Jordan.
Leila Khaled : The attack was foiled, when Israeli skymarshals killed Argüello before eventually overpowering Khaled.
Leila Khaled : According to some media sources, the PFLP leadership thought that Yitzhak Rabin, then Israeli ambassador to the United States, would be on board; he was not.
Leila Khaled : After this hijacking, and a photograph of her (taken by Eddie Adams) holding an AK-47 rifle and wearing a kaffiyeh was reproduced in many publications, she underwent six plastic surgery operations on her nose and chin to conceal her identity and allow her to take part in a future hijacking, and because she did not want to wear the face of an icon.
Leila Khaled : The pilot diverted the aircraft to Heathrow Airport in London, where Khaled was delivered to Ealing police station.
Leila Khaled : She claims she ordered the pilot to fly over Haifa, so she could see her birthplace.
Leila Khaled : On September 6, 1970, Khaled and Patrick Argüello, a Nicaraguan–American, attempted to hijack El Al Flight 219 from Amsterdam to New York City as part of the Dawson's Field hijackings, a series of almost simultaneous hijackings carried out by the PFLP.
Leila Khaled : Leila Khaled (, born April 9, 1944) is a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP).
Leila Khaled : At the age of 15, following in the footsteps of her brother, she joined the pan-Arab Arab Nationalist Movement, originally established in the late-1940s by George Habash, then a medical student at the American University of Beirut.
Leila Khaled : On August 29, 1969, Khaled was part of a team that hijacked TWA Flight 840 on its way from Rome to Tel Aviv, diverting the Boeing 707 to Damascus.
Hafsat Abiola : She received an honorary doctorate from Haverford College.
Hafsat Abiola : In 2006 she was nominated to be a founding councilor at the World Future Council.
Hafsat Abiola : In 2006 she raised funds by organizing performances of "The Vagina Monologues" in Nigeria.
Hafsat Abiola : In 2000, Abiola was honored as a Global Leader of Tomorrow at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Hafsat Abiola : In 2003, she was elected as a Fellow of the in recognition of her international status as a social entrepreneur.
Hafsat Abiola : Abiola is the founder of China-Africa Bridge and China Africa Forum, which promotes mutually beneficial cross-cultural collaboration between China and Africa, with a specific eye on women's contributions to the economy.
Hafsat Abiola : Abiola graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, in 1992 and Harvard College in 1996.
Hafsat Abiola : In 2015 she was chosen to be one of 21 women who met for a conference at Harvard University Kennedy School of Government funded by Hunt Alternatives.
Hafsat Abiola : The group included Judy Thongori from Kenya, Fauzia Nasreen from Pakistan and Olufunke Baruwa, Esther Ibanga and Ayisha Osori also from Nigeria.
Hafsat Abiola : The elder Abiola later died under detention in 1998.
Hafsat Abiola : Hafsat Abiola (born 1974, in Lagos) is a Nigerian human rights, civil rights and democracy activist, founder of the Kudirat Initiative for Democracy (KIND), which seeks to strengthen civil society and promote democracy in Nigeria.
Hafsat Abiola : Hafsat Olaronke Abiola is the eighth child of Nigeria's uninaugurated (June 12, 1993) President-elect, the late Chief Moshood Abiola, who was put in prison by the dictator Gen. Sani Abacha for treason after declaring himself president.
Olivia Del Rio : Olivia Del Rio (born 16 April 1969) is a Brazilian former pornographic actress, escort, and webcam model.
Olivia Del Rio : Currently married with two children, Olivia shares her life between France and Morocco, where she runs a bar with her husband.
Olivia Del Rio : In 2003, she appeared in two episodes of the Swedish television show "High Chaparall".
Fabiana da Silva Simões : with two Brazilian teammates.
Fabiana da Silva Simões : Fabiana da Silva Simões (born 4 August 1989), known as Fabiana or Fabiana Baiana (by adding the demonym of Bahia, her home state), is a Brazilian football defender who last played for F.C.
Fabiana da Silva Simões : In 2009 and 2010 she played professional club football in the United States with Boston Breakers of Women's Professional Soccer (WPS).
Fabiana da Silva Simões : She retained her national team place for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany, the 2012 London Olympics and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada.
Angie Bainbridge : Angie Lee Bainbridge, OAM (born 16 October 1989) is an Australian freestyle swimmer who specialises in the 200-metre event.
Angie Bainbridge : In 2009, she received the Medal of the Order of Australia "For service to sport as a gold medallist at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games".
Susanna Kubelka : Having left high school she briefly worked as primary school teacher before graduating in English literature.
Susanna Kubelka : Susanna Kubelka is the sister of the Austrian experimental film maker Peter Kubelka.
Susanna Kubelka : In 1977 she took a PhD with a thesis on the way women were represented in the 18th-century English novel.
Trijntje Oosterhuis : She formed the band Total Touch in 1990 with her brother Tjeerd Oosterhuis before she started as a solo singer.
Trijntje Oosterhuis : Trijntje got the opportunity to tour with Candy Dulfer in 1994 after collaborating with her on the album "Big Girl".
Trijntje Oosterhuis : Trijntje personally has a fondness for Jazz instead of pop ballads, and, in 2004, she therefore signed a record deal with Blue Note and released the live album "Strange Fruit", consisting of Billie Holiday and George Gershwin covers.
Trijntje Oosterhuis : She represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "Walk Along", placing fourteen in the first semi-final with 33 points and winning the Barbara Dex Award of the year.
Petra de Bruin : Petra de Bruin (born 22 February 1962) is a Dutch former cyclist.
Laura Flessel-Colovic : On May 17, 2017, she was appointed Minister of Sports in the First Philippe government, under the presidency of Emmanuel Macron, a position she held in the Second Philippe government, which was formed on June 21, 2017.
Laura Flessel-Colovic : She won her first world stage success in 1995, finishing in third place at the Hague World Championships.
Laura Flessel-Colovic : Laura Flessel-Colovic (born 6 November 1971) is a French politician and épée fencer who served as Minister of Sports from 2017 to 2018.
Christina Obergföll : Her personal best throw of 70.20 m is the German record.
Christina Obergföll : Christina Obergföll (born 22 August 1981) is a retired German track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw.
María Barranco : She was married to filmmaker Imanol Uribe, but they divorced in 2004.
María Barranco : Born in Málaga (Málaga), she studied medicine, but left to study drama in her city, where she participated in various theatre groups.
María Barranco : Dulce Nombre de María Magdalena de los Remedios Barranco García (born 11 June 1961) better known as María Barranco is a Spanish actress, who has won two Goya Awards for Best Supporting Actress.
María Barranco : Later, she moved to Madrid to debut at the theatre with "La venganza de Don Mendo" ("Don Mendo's revenge").
Caroline Wozniacki : 19 (having been as low as No.
Caroline Wozniacki : She again fell to Li, this time in the fourth round, in straight sets.
Caroline Wozniacki : It was her 19th career title.
Caroline Wozniacki : Her older brother, Patrik Wozniacki, is a former professional footballer in Denmark.
Caroline Wozniacki : On 6 December 2019, Wozniacki announced that she would retire from professional tennis following the 2020 Australian Open, held in January.
Caroline Wozniacki : 1 position in the next rankings update.
Caroline Wozniacki : In 2009, Wozniacki signed on to become an endorser for the line of tennis apparel designed by Stella McCartney for Adidas.
Caroline Wozniacki : By virtue of this, she also won the US Open Series.
Caroline Wozniacki : It was the first Danish WTA tournament, created largely out of Wozniacki's popularity in Denmark.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki was forced to retire down 2–5 when she rolled her ankle.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki won several junior tournaments in 2005, including the Orange Bowl tennis championship.
Caroline Wozniacki : She advanced to the semifinals, where she met Vera Zvonareva.
Caroline Wozniacki : She was seeded fourth at the Australian Open, her first top-eight seed in a Grand Slam.
Caroline Wozniacki : In the third round, Wozniacki faced Petra Kvitová, who had routed her at Wimbledon.
Caroline Wozniacki : She was runner-up at the 2009 US Open and the 2010 WTA Tour Championships to Kim Clijsters, and at the 2014 US Open to Serena Williams.
Caroline Wozniacki : This same injury caused her to withdraw from the following week's Internazionali BNL d'Italia in Rome.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki's best friend is her fellow Danish tennis player Malou Ejdesgaard, who was her doubles partner in five tournaments.
Caroline Wozniacki : With her semifinal appearance, Wozniacki became one of only two women (the other being Venus Williams) to have reached at least the fourth round of all four Grand Slam events in 2010.
Caroline Wozniacki : Caroline Wozniacki (R) (; ; born 11 July 1990) is a Danish former professional tennis player.
Caroline Wozniacki : As the second seed in Montreal, Wozniacki was forced to wait two days to play her semifinal match with Svetlana Kuznetsova because of heavy rain.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki then competed at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
Caroline Wozniacki : In her first WTA tournament of the year, Wozniacki suffered an opening-round loss to Li Na of China in the Sydney.
Caroline Wozniacki : As the defending champion, Wozniacki lost early at the Aegon International, her first grass-court tournament of the year, to Aravane Rezaï.
Caroline Wozniacki : She defeated both Kuznetsova and Vera Zvonareva on the same day for her third singles title of the year.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki avenged that loss, which ensured that she would replace Serena Williams as the new world No.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki began her grass-court season at the Aegon International in Eastbourne.
Caroline Wozniacki : She defeated Klára Zakopalová to win her second title of the year.
Caroline Wozniacki : At the year-end Sony Ericsson Championships in Doha, Wozniacki was drawn in a group with Francesca Schiavone, Samantha Stosur and Elena Dementieva.
Caroline Wozniacki : The following week in Luxembourg, she retired with a hamstring injury in the first round while leading 7–5, 5–0 over Anne Kremer.
Caroline Wozniacki : On 20 December 2010, she signed a three-year deal to endorse Turkish Airlines' business class service.
Caroline Wozniacki : On 20 December 2010, she signed a three-year deal to endorse Turkish Airlines' business class service.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki was the top seed at the US Open due to the withdrawal of world No.
Caroline Wozniacki : Her next tournament was the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo.
Caroline Wozniacki : Wozniacki moved on to the Toray Pan Pacific Open.
Caroline Wozniacki : She made her debut on the WTA Tour at Cincinnati's Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open on 19 July 2005, losing to the top-seeded and eventual champion Patty Schnyder in the first round.
Caroline Wozniacki : Her first WTA event was the Apia International Sydney.
Caroline Wozniacki : Her next tournament was in Ponte Vedra Beach, where she defeated Olga Govortsova in the final.
Caroline Wozniacki : 1 Serena Williams, and retired while trailing 6–4, 0–1.
Caroline Wozniacki : At the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami, Wozniacki lost in the quarterfinals to the newly returned Justine Henin.
Caroline Wozniacki : She lost in two sets to 96th-ranked Romanian Irina-Camelia Begu.
Caroline Wozniacki : In Cincinnati, she lost in the third round to Marion Bartoli.
Clara Hughes : Hughes uses her past struggles with depression to relate to others and to help combat issues including the stigma involved with mental health issues.
Clara Hughes : In 2006, she was awarded the Order of Manitoba, and in 2007, she was made a Member of the Order of Canada.
Clara Hughes : In an interview on CBC radio show "Definitely Not the Opera", Hughes reveals that as a youth, she smoked cigarettes, drank a lot at a young age and did a lot of drugs, admitting she did not envision herself as an athlete.
Clara Hughes : On February 12, 2010, she was the Canadian Olympic Team flag bearer for the Opening Ceremonies of the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver.
Clara Hughes : Clara Hughes, (born September 27, 1972) is a Canadian cyclist and speed skater who has won multiple Olympic medals in both sports.
Clara Hughes : She became the fourth person and second woman to win medals at the Summer and Winter Games.
Clara Hughes : She is tied with Cindy Klassen as the Canadian with the most Olympic medals, with six medals total.
Diane Keaton : Yo-yo?
Diane Keaton : Hardly.
Diane Keaton : They have a great deal of passion and hope—why shouldn't they fall in love?
Diane Keaton : I always need the help of everyone!"
Diane Keaton : She is so feeble, so inappropriate."
Diane Keaton : Men are presumed to be interesting.
Diane Keaton : Why shouldn't movies show that?"
Diane Keaton : She has resold several mansions in Southern California after renovating and redesigning them.
Diane Keaton : It's the best work she has done to date."
Diane Keaton : I can't think about directing when I'm acting."
Diane Keaton : Filming finally began two years later.
Diane Keaton : That old maid myth is garbage."
Diane Keaton : You have loads of offers, all of them for similar roles ...
Diane Keaton : Visual things are really key for me."
Diane Keaton : I have tried to break away from the usual roles and have tried my hand at several things."
Diane Keaton : Between films, Keaton appeared in a series of deodorant commercials.
Diane Keaton : But when I read the script, the character seemed much more substantial than in the first movie."
Diane Keaton : It's just about the most completely humbling experience that I've ever had."
Diane Keaton : She later said of having children, "Motherhood has completely changed me.
Diane Keaton : The two starred as a frequently on-again, off-again couple living in New York City.
Diane Keaton : Keaton opposes plastic surgery.
Diane Keaton : After nearly being passed over for being too tall (at , she is taller than Allen), she won the part.
Diane Keaton : Keaton has also established herself as a real estate developer.
Diane Keaton : A female can play a wife, play a whore, get pregnant, lose her baby, and, um, let's see ... Women are presumed to be dull.
Diane Keaton : Since 2005 Keaton has been a contributing blogger at "The Huffington Post".
Diane Keaton : In "Part II" her character changed dramatically, becoming more embittered about her husband's activities.
Diane Keaton : She had a brief, unrealized career as a recording artist in the 1970s.
Diane Keaton : Troubles with the production are thought to have strained the relationship, including numerous financial and scheduling problems.
Diane Keaton : Among the buildings she has been active in restoring is the Ennis House in the Hollywood Hills, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Diane Keaton : The same issue of "Time" commended her role choice and criticized the restricted roles available for female actors in American films: A male actor can fly a plane, fight a war, shoot a badman, pull off a sting, impersonate a big cheese in business or politics.
Diane Keaton : In 2001 and 2002 Keaton starred in four low-budget television films.
Diane Keaton : She was initially reluctant, saying, "At first, I was skeptical about playing Kay again in the "Godfather" sequel.
Diane Keaton : (A 2005 profile in the "San Francisco Chronicle" described her as "easy to find.
Diane Keaton : Soon after the film's release, men's clothing and pantsuits became popular attire for women.
Diane Keaton : ... Now a determined trend spotter can point to a handful of new films whose makers think that women can bear the dramatic weight of a production alone, or virtually so.
Diane Keaton : She has published several more collections of her own photographs and served as an editor of collections of vintage photography.
Diane Keaton : Keaton remains friends with Beatty.
Diane Keaton : One of her clients was Madonna, who purchased a US$6.5million Beverly Hills mansion from Keaton in 2003.
Diane Keaton : "Reservations", her collection of photos of hotel interiors, was published in book form in 1980.
Diane Keaton : Of her role choices and avoidance of becoming typecast, she said: "Most often a particular role does you some good and Bang!
Diane Keaton : Then there is Diane Keaton in "Looking for Mr. Goodbar".
Diane Keaton : Keaton was raised a Free Methodist by her mother.
Diane Keaton : Of why she produced the film, she said, "It really makes me think about my responsibilities as an adult to try and understand what's going on with young people."
Diane Keaton : In 1977 she began recording tracks for a solo album, but the finished record never materialized.
Diane Keaton : (Director Nancy Meyers has claimed "Diane's the most self-deprecating person alive.")
Diane Keaton : She shifted to more mature roles, frequently playing matriarchs of middle-class families.
Diane Keaton : For a brief time she also moonlighted at nightclubs with a singing act.
Diane Keaton : Twentieth Century Fox, the film's original studio, reportedly declined to produce the film, fearing that the lead characters were too old to be bankable.
Diane Keaton : In 2003 she produced the Gus Van Sant drama "Elephant", about a school shooting.
Diane Keaton : Like, BIG failure"), and some critics panned her performance; according to "The Washington Post", "her acting degenerates into hype—as if she's trying to sell an idea she can't fully believe in."
Diane Keaton : Her performance in the film was loosely based on her real life experience of making the film, both of which she has described as being "the woman in a world of men."
Diane Keaton : Her part was originally intended for Mia Farrow, but Farrow dropped out of the project after breaking up with Allen.
Diane Keaton : Keaton is active in campaigns with the Los Angeles Conservancy to save and restore historic buildings, particularly in the Los Angeles area.
Diane Keaton : 1988's "The Good Mother" was a financial disappointment (according to Keaton, the film was "a Big Failure.
Diane Keaton : Keaton claimed that making the film "saved <nowiki>[her]</nowiki> life."
Diane Keaton : She told "More" magazine in 2004, "I'm stuck in this idea that I need to be authentic ... My face needs to look the way I feel."
Diane Keaton : Her father's death made mortality more apparent to her, and she decided to become a mother at age 50.
Diane Keaton : Nicholson and Keaton, aged 65 and 56 respectively, were seen as bold casting choices for leads in a romantic comedy.
Diane Keaton : A small amount of the clothing seen in the film came from Keaton herself, who was already known for her tomboyish clothing style years before "Annie Hall", and Ruth Morley designed the movie's costumes.
Diane Keaton : In July 2001, Keaton said of being older and unmarried, "I don't think that because I'm not married it's made my life any less.
Diane Keaton : Keaton played a middle-aged playwright who falls in love with her daughter's much older boyfriend.
Diane Keaton : It was her sense of humor that attracted Allen.
Diane Keaton : Keaton has two adopted children, daughter Dexter (adopted 1996) and son Duke (2001).
Diane Keaton : It met with mixed critical reaction, with "The New York Times" likening it to "a conceit imposed on its subjects."
Diane Keaton : She said the role's biggest challenge was understanding the mentality of a person with a terminal illness.
Diane Keaton : She is known to favor men's vintage clothing, and usually appears in public wearing gloves and conservative attire.
Diane Keaton : She has also credited Katharine Hepburn, whom she admires for playing strong and independent women, as one of her inspirations.
Diane Keaton : In the film she played a Catholic schoolteacher for deaf children who lives a double life, spending nights frequenting singles bars and engaging in promiscuous sex.
Diane Keaton : In addition to acting, Keaton has said she "had a lifelong ambition to be a singer."
Diane Keaton : She played a Manhattan career woman who is suddenly forced to care for a toddler.
Diane Keaton : She produced the Fox series "Pasadena", which was canceled after airing only four episodes in 2001 but completed its run on cable in 2005.
Diane Keaton : Even though Keaton received widespread exposure from the films, her character's importance was minimal.
Diane Keaton : Works she has edited in the last decade include a book of photographs by paparazzo Ron Galella; an anthology of reproductions of clown paintings; and a collection of photos of California's Spanish-Colonial-style houses.
Diane Keaton : She has described her acting technique as, "<nowiki>[</nowiki>being<nowiki>]</nowiki> only as good as the person you're acting with ... As opposed to going it on my own and forging my path to create a wonderful performance without the help of anyone.
Diane Keaton : "Father of the Bride" was Keaton's first major hit after four years of commercial disappointments.
Diane Keaton : In 1995 Keaton directed "Unstrung Heroes", her first theatrically released narrative film.
Diane Keaton : Allen has credited Keaton as his muse during his early film career.
Diane Keaton : She followed with guest roles on the television series "Love, American Style" and "Night Gallery", and "Mannix".
Diane Keaton : Diane Keaton (née Hall; born January 5, 1946) is an American actress, director, producer, photographer, real estate developer, author, and singer.
Diane Keaton : Many of Keaton's mannerisms and her self-deprecating sense of humor were added into the role by Allen.
Diane Keaton : Two years later she reprised her role as Kay Adams in "The Godfather Part II".
Diane Keaton : She was almost not cast in the film, as "The Good Mother"'s commercial failure had strained her relationship with Walt Disney Pictures, the studio of both films.
Diane Keaton : "The Washington Post" wrote, "Even though she is authoritative in the role, Keaton suffers tremendously from having no real function except to nag Michael for his past sins."
Diane Keaton : She directed the film, despite claiming in a 1996 interview that she would never direct herself in a film, saying "as a director, you automatically have different goals.
Diane Keaton : The genius of Annie is that despite her loopy backhand, awful driving, and nervous tics, she's also a complicated, intelligent woman.
Diane Keaton : In 1985 "Vanity Fair" called her "the most reclusive star since Garbo."
Diane Keaton : Assistant director Simon Relph later stated that Louise Bryant was one of Keaton's most difficult roles, and that "<nowiki>[she]</nowiki> almost got broken."
Diane Keaton : Her first record was an original cast recording of "Hair", in 1971.
Diane Keaton : After acting in "Hair" for nine months, she auditioned for a part in Woody Allen's production of "Play It Again, Sam".
Diane Keaton : After graduation, she attended Santa Ana College, and later Orange Coast College as an acting student, but dropped out after a year to pursue an entertainment career in Manhattan.
Diane Keaton : Keaton is a 1964 graduate of Santa Ana High School in Santa Ana, California.
Diane Keaton : Criticism of the film and Keaton again centered on her character's unimportance in the film.
Diane Keaton : Keaton has served as a producer on films and television series.
Diane Keaton : She starred with Goldie Hawn and Bette Midler as a trio of "first wives": middle-aged women who had been divorced by their husbands in favor of younger women.
Diane Keaton : Keaton has also said that Allen wrote the character as an "idealized version" of herself.
Diane Keaton : 1984 brought "The Little Drummer Girl", Keaton's first excursion into the thriller and action genre.
Diane Keaton : Her mother, Dorothy Deanne ("née" Keaton; 1921–2008), was a homemaker and amateur photographer; her father, John Newton Ignatius "Jack" Hall (1922–1990), was a real estate broker and civil engineer.
Diane Keaton : Keaton became interested in the role after seeing it as a "psychological case history."
Diane Keaton : The production of "Reds" was delayed several times following its conception in 1977, and Keaton almost left the project when she believed it would never be produced.
Diane Keaton : Keaton told "Ladies' Home Journal", "Let's face it, people my age and Jack's age are much deeper, much more soulful, because they've seen a lot of life.
Diane Keaton : Keaton was also active in the failed campaign to save the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles (a hotel featured in "Reservations"), where Robert Kennedy was assassinated.
Diane Keaton : She reprised her role four years later in the sequel, as a woman who becomes pregnant in middle age at the same time as her daughter.
Diane Keaton : By the 1990s Keaton had established herself as one of the most popular and versatile actors in Hollywood.
Diane Keaton : She initially studied acting under the Meisner technique, an ensemble acting technique first evolved in the 1930s by Sanford Meisner, a New York stage actor/acting coach/director who had been a member of The Group Theater (1931–1940).
Diane Keaton : She gained some notoriety for her refusal to disrobe at the end of Act I when the cast performs nude, even though nudity in the production was optional for actors (Those who performed nude received a $50 bonus).
Diane Keaton : She revisited her nightclub act in "Annie Hall" (1977), "And So It Goes" (2014), and a cameo in "Radio Days" (1987).
Diane Keaton : "The New York Times" wrote that Keaton was "nothing less than splendid as Louise Bryant– beautiful, selfish, funny and driven.
Diane Keaton : The film was a major success, grossing US$105million at the North American box office, and it developed a cult following among middle-aged women.
Diane Keaton : Keaton began the decade with "The Lemon Sisters", a poorly received comedy/drama that she starred in and produced, which was shelved for a year after its completion.
Diane Keaton : Allen based the character of Annie Hall loosely on Keaton ("Annie" is a nickname of hers, and "Hall" is her original surname).
Diane Keaton : In 1987 Keaton directed and edited her first feature film, "Heaven", a documentary about the possibility of an afterlife.
Diane Keaton : That same year Keaton made a cameo in Allen's film "Radio Days" as a nightclub singer.
Diane Keaton : Budgeted at an estimated US$90million, the film opened to little notice and grossed only US$7million in its North American theatrical run.
Diane Keaton : Its reviews were generally positive for Keaton and her co-stars, and "The San Francisco Chronicle" called her "probably <nowiki>[one of]</nowiki> the best comic film actresses alive."
Diane Keaton : During her time there, she participated in singing and acting clubs at school, and starred as Blanche DuBois in a school production of "A Streetcar Named Desire".
Diane Keaton : Upon joining the Actors' Equity Association, she changed her surname to Keaton, her mother's maiden name, as there was already an actress registered under the name of Diane Hall.
Diane Keaton : As Theresa Dunn, Keaton dominates this raunchy, risky, violent dramatization of Judith Rossner's 1975 novel about a schoolteacher who cruises singles bars.
Diane Keaton : Her fourth, the romantic comedy "Annie Hall" (1977), won her the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Diane Keaton : Her photo by Douglas Kirkland appeared on the cover of the September 26, 1977, issue of "Time" magazine, with the story dubbing her "the funniest woman now working in films."
Diane Keaton : Keaton's character was now Michael Corleone's estranged ex-wife.
Diane Keaton : In 1987 she told "Vanity Fair", "I have amassed a huge library of images—kissing scenes from movies, pictures I like.
Diane Keaton : In the film she played Louise Bryant, a journalist and feminist, who flees her husband to work with radical journalist John Reed (Beatty) and later enters Russia to find him as he chronicles the Russian Civil War.
Diane Keaton : In 2001 Keaton co-starred with Warren Beatty in "Town & Country", a critical and financial fiasco.
Diane Keaton : In 1987 Keaton starred in "Baby Boom", her first of four collaborations with writer-producer Nancy Meyers.
Diane Keaton : Keaton reprised her role of Kay Adams in 1990's "The Godfather Part III", set 20 years after the end of "The Godfather, Part II".
Diane Keaton : After being nominated for a Tony Award for "Play It Again, Sam", Keaton made her film debut in "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1970).
Diane Keaton : "The Godfather" was an unparalleled critical and financial success, becoming the highest-grossing film of the year and winning the Best Picture Oscar of 1972.
Diane Keaton : Keaton began her career on stage and made her screen debut in 1970.
Diane Keaton : Over the next four years Keaton directed music videos for artists such as Belinda Carlisle, including the video for Carlisle's chart-topping hit "Heaven Is a Place on Earth," two television films starring Patricia Arquette, and episodes of the series "China Beach" and "Twin Peaks".
Diane Keaton : "Annie Hall", written by Allen and Marshall Brickman and directed by Allen, was believed by many to be an autobiographical exploration of his relationship with Keaton.
Diane Keaton : Keaton brilliantly displays this dichotomy of her character, especially when she yammers away on a first date with Alvy (Woody Allen), while the subtitle reads, 'He probably thinks I'm a yoyo.'
Diane Keaton : In a 2006 "Vanity Fair" story, Keaton described her role as "the everyman of that piece, as someone who wanted to be extraordinary but was probably more ordinary ...
Diane Keaton : Keaton's most successful film of the decade was the 1996 comedy "The First Wives Club".
Diane Keaton : In 1968, Keaton became a member of the "Tribe" and understudy to Sheila in the original Broadway production of "Hair".
Diane Keaton : Her acting was later summed up by CNN as "awkward, self-deprecating, speaking in endearing little whirlwinds of semi-logic", and by Allen as a "nervous breakdown in slow motion."
Diane Keaton : Keaton said she produced her 1987 documentary "Heaven" because "I was always pretty religious as a kid ...
Diane Keaton : A "San Francisco Examiner" review of the film was one of many in which Keaton was once again compared to Katharine Hepburn: "No longer relying on that stuttering uncertainty that seeped into all her characterizations of the 1970s, she has somehow become Katharine Hepburn with a deep maternal instinct, that is, she is a fine and intelligent actress who doesn't need to be tough and edgy in order to prove her feminism."
Diane Keaton : Two years later she starred with Jessica Lange and Sissy Spacek in "Crimes of the Heart", adapted from Beth Henley's Pulitzer Prize-winning play into a moderately successful screen comedy.
Diane Keaton : In 2006 "Premiere" magazine ranked Keaton in "Annie Hall" 60th on its list of the "100 Greatest Performances of All Time", and noted:
Diane Keaton : According to Jack Nicholson, "She approaches a script sort of like a play in that she has the entire script memorized before you start doing the movie, which I don't know any other actors doing that."
Diane Keaton : She played a fanatical nun in the religious drama "Sister Mary Explains It All", an impoverished mother in the drama "On Thin Ice", and a bookkeeper in the mob comedy "Plan B".
Diane Keaton : Roger Ebert wrote, "Streep and Keaton, in their different styles, find ways to make Lee and Bessie into much more than the expression of their problems."
Diane Keaton : The film was a major success at the box office, grossing US$125million in North America.
Diane Keaton : Roger Ebert wrote, "Nicholson and Keaton bring so much experience, knowledge and humor to their characters that the film works in ways the screenplay might not have even hoped for."
Diane Keaton : Coppola noted that he first noticed Keaton in "Lovers and Other Strangers", and cast her because of her reputation for eccentricity that he wanted her to bring to the role (Keaton claims that at the time she was commonly referred to as "the kooky actress" of the film industry).
Diane Keaton : Her next two films with Allen, "Sleeper" (1973) and "Love and Death" (1975), established her as a comic actor.
Diane Keaton : Keaton's first major hit since 1996 came in 2003's "Something's Gotta Give", directed by Nancy Meyers and co-starring Jack Nicholson.
Diane Keaton : Keaton's other notable films of the 1970s included many collaborations with Woody Allen; although by the time they made films together, their romantic involvement had ended.
Diane Keaton : Keaton's eccentric wardrobe in "Annie Hall", which consisted mainly of vintage men's clothing, including neckties, vests, baggy pants, and fedora hats, made her an unlikely fashion icon of the late 1970s.
Diane Keaton : Keaton began studying acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York City.
Diane Keaton : Also in 1996 Keaton starred as Bessie, a woman with leukemia, in "Marvin's Room", an adaptation of the play by Scott McPherson.
Diane Keaton : Beatty cast Keaton after seeing her in "Annie Hall", as he wanted to bring her natural nervousness and insecure attitude to the role.
Diane Keaton : She played many eccentric characters in several of his comic and dramatic films, including "Sleeper", "Love and Death", "Interiors", "Manhattan", "Manhattan Murder Mystery" and the film version of "Play It Again, Sam", directed by Herbert Ross.
Diane Keaton : In 1978 she became romantically involved with Warren Beatty, and two years later he cast her opposite him in the epic historical drama "Reds".
Diane Keaton : Keaton's breakthrough role came two years later when she was cast as Kay Adams, the girlfriend and eventual wife of Michael Corleone (played by Al Pacino) in Francis Ford Coppola's 1972 film "The Godfather".
Diane Keaton : Keaton's first film of 2000 was "Hanging Up", with Meg Ryan and Lisa Kudrow.
Diane Keaton : Later that year she departed from her usual lighthearted comic roles when she won the highly coveted lead role in the drama "Looking for Mr. Goodbar", based on the novel by Judith Rossner.
Diane Keaton : Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote that "Town & Country" was "less deserving of a review than it is an obituary...The corpse took with it the reputations of its starry cast, including Warren Beatty and Diane Keaton."
Diane Keaton : In 1977 Keaton won the Academy Award for Best Actress in Allen's romantic comedy "Annie Hall", one of her most famous roles.
Diane Keaton : In 1993 Keaton starred in "Manhattan Murder Mystery", her first major film role in a Woody Allen film since 1979.
Diane Keaton : The film was both a major financial and critical success, and won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Diane Keaton : To avoid being typecast as her "Annie Hall" persona, Keaton became an accomplished dramatic performer, starring in "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977) and "Interiors" (1978), and received three more Academy Award nominations for playing feminist activist Louise Bryant in "Reds" (1981), a woman with leukemia in "Marvin's Room" (1996), and a dramatist in "Something's Gotta Give" (2003).
Diane Keaton : With "Manhattan" (1979), Keaton and Woody Allen ended their long working relationship; it was their last major collaboration until 1993.
Diane Keaton : In 1991 she starred with Steve Martin in the family comedy "Father of the Bride".
Diane Keaton : In his "New York Post" review Lou Lumenick wrote, "the brutally unfunny, cringe-worthy "The Big Wedding" provides ample opportunities for Robert De Niro, Diane Keaton, Susan Sarandon, and Robin Williams to embarrass themselves".
Francisca Ballesteros : On 26 September 2005 Francisca Ballesteros was sentenced to a term of 84 years in prison.
Francisca Ballesteros : Francisca Ballesteros was born in 1969 in Valencia.
Francisca Ballesteros : In 2004, 14 years after murdering her daughter, Ballesteros, who had met many men through the Internet, decided to kill the rest of her family, flee to the city where one of the men that she had met online was living, and marry him.
Francisca Ballesteros : After marrying Antonio González Barribino, Ballesteros gave birth to a daughter, who she named Florinda.
Francisca Ballesteros : Francisca Ballesteros (born 1969) is a Spanish woman who poisoned to death her first baby, a five month old daughter, in 1990.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley : Nalley has also served for 21 years on the board of directors of the honor society Phi Kappa Phi and was president from 1995 to 1998.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley : In 2005, she was given the Iota Sigma Pi Award in Professional Excellence.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley : Elizabeth Ann Nalley (also known as Ann Nalley) is an American chemist and professor of chemistry at Cameron University in Lawton, Oklahoma.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley : Her career as a chemistry instructor began before she finished her undergraduate education, with a stint as a chemistry teacher at Muskogee Central High School from 1964 to 1965.
Cecilia Malmström : She is fluent in Swedish, English, Spanish and French, and has intermediate skills in German and Italian.
Cecilia Malmström : During her time as an MEP, Malmström initiated the oneseat.eu web campaign, which aims to make Brussels the permanent seat of the European Parliament.
Cecilia Malmström : Malmström supports Swedish adoption of the euro currency, and in August 2007 she was one of the politicians calling for another referendum on euro membership (the first was in 2003).
Cecilia Malmström : She is a member of the Swedish Liberals, part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
Cecilia Malmström : Anna Cecilia Malmström (born 15 May 1968) is a Swedish politician who served as European Commissioner for Trade from 2014 to 2019.
Cecilia Malmström : Malmström was born in Brännkyrka parish in southern Stockholm and grew up in Gothenburg.
Cecilia Malmström : She previously served as European Commissioner for Home Affairs from 2010 to 2014 and Minister for European Union Affairs from 2006 to 2010.
Tanja Kreil : Following the 2000 ruling, the German government changed a law that banned women from serving, and by 2001 the first female volunteers joined.
Tanja Kreil : Women had been allowed to serve as officers (MDs) or enlisted personnel in the medical corps since 1975, and as musicians in the music corps since 1991.
Tanja Kreil : However, Tanja Kreil did not join the armed forces after winning the lawsuit.
Brigitte Bardot : Although she withdrew from the entertainment industry in 1973, she remains a major popular culture icon.
Brigitte Bardot : She became pregnant well before they were married on 18 June 1959.
Brigitte Bardot : For her role in Louis Malle's 1965 film "Viva Maria!"
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot is also a breast cancer survivor.
Brigitte Bardot : She was awarded the Legion of Honour in 1985 but refused to accept it.
Brigitte Bardot : A suicide attempt with sleeping pills two days earlier was also noted, but was denied by her public relations manager.
Brigitte Bardot : She is a strong animal rights activist and a major opponent of the consumption of horse meat.
Brigitte Bardot : She started her acting career in 1952.
Brigitte Bardot : After retiring, she became an animal rights activist.
Brigitte Bardot : She had to be rushed to the hospital, where her life was saved after a stomach pump was used to evacuate the pills from her body.
Brigitte Bardot : They divorced in 1957, after less than five years of marriage; they had no children together, but remained in touch, and even collaborated on later projects.
Brigitte Bardot : The stated reason for the divorce was Bardot's affairs with two other men.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot has also written five books:
Brigitte Bardot : On 22 April 2011, French culture minister Frédéric Mitterrand officially included bullfighting in the country's cultural heritage.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot later starred in Jean-Luc Godard's 1963 film "Le Mépris".
Brigitte Bardot : She recovered within weeks and began an affair with actor Jacques Charrier.
Brigitte Bardot : She had acted in 47 films, performed in several musicals and recorded more than 60 songs.
Brigitte Bardot : She suffered from amblyopia as a child, which resulted in decreased vision of her left eye.
Brigitte Bardot : In early 1958, her divorce from Vadim was followed in quick order by her break-up with Trintignant, and a reported nervous breakdown in Italy, according to newspaper reports.
Brigitte Bardot : On 28 September 1983, her 49th birthday, Bardot took an overdose of sleeping pills or tranquilizers with red wine.
Brigitte Bardot : she was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot retired from the entertainment industry in 1973.
Brigitte Bardot : The longest of these relationships was with sculptor Miroslav Brozek; she lived with him from 1975 to December 1979 and posed for some of his sculptures.
Brigitte Bardot : After she and Charrier divorced in 1962, Nicolas was raised in the Charrier family and had little contact with his biological mother until his adulthood.
Brigitte Bardot : The two lived together for about two years, spanning the period before and after Bardot's divorce from Vadim, but they never married.
Brigitte Bardot : On 21 December 1952, aged 18, Bardot married director Roger Vadim.
Brigitte Bardot : In 1986, she established the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the Welfare and Protection of Animals.
Brigitte Bardot : In 1968, she began dating Patrick Gilles, who went on to co-star with her in "The Bear and the Doll" (1970); but she ended their relationship in spring 1971.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot's third marriage was to German millionaire playboy Gunter Sachs, and lasted from 14 July 1966 to 1 October 1969.
Brigitte Bardot : In 1974 Bardot appeared in a nude photo shoot in "Playboy" magazine, which celebrated her 40th birthday.
Brigitte Bardot : For three years she attended ballet classes held by Russian choreographer Boris Knyazev.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot's father, originated from Ligny-en-Barrois, was an engineer and the proprietor of several industrial factories in Paris.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot's fourth and current husband is Bernard d'Ormale, a former adviser of Jean-Marie Le Pen, former leader of the far right party National Front (now National Rally); they were married on 16 August 1992.
Brigitte Bardot : Brigitte Anne-Marie Bardot was born on 28 September 1934 in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, to Louis Bardot (1896–1975) and Anne-Marie Mucel (1912–1978).
Brigitte Bardot : Their relationship was complicated by Trintignant's frequent absence due to military service and Bardot's affair with musician Gilbert Bécaud.
Brigitte Bardot : Bardot's only child, her son Nicolas-Jacques Charrier, was born on 11 January 1960.
Brigitte Bardot : Brigitte Anne-Marie Bardot ( , ; born 28 September 1934), often referred to by the initials B.B., is a French former actress and singer, and animal rights activist.
Brigitte Bardot : After breaking up with Brozek, she was in a long-term relationship with French TV producer Allain Bougrain-duBourg.
Brigitte Bardot : During the 2000s she generated controversy by criticizing immigration and Islam in France, and she has been fined five times for inciting racial hatred.
Brigitte Bardot : While married to Vadim, Bardot had an affair with Jean-Louis Trintignant, who was her co-star in "And God Created Woman."
Viviana Díaz : Viviana Elisa Díaz Caro (born October 26, 1950) is a Chilean human rights campaigner who became widely known in the struggle for human rights in Chile as the president of the "Agrupación de Familiars de Detenidos Desaparecidos" (Association of the Relatives of the Disappeared).
Viviana Díaz : She is the daughter of Víctor Días sub-secretary of the Communist Party of Chile who disappeared after he was arrested by security forces in 1976.
Ida Haendel : Ida Haendel published her autobiography, "Woman With Violin", in 1970:
Ida Haendel : During World War II she played in factories and for British and American troops.
Ida Haendel : In 1991 she was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) by Queen Elizabeth II, and she received an honorary doctorate from the Royal College of Music in 2000.
Ida Haendel : These accolades enabled her to study with the esteemed pedagogues Carl Flesch in London and George Enescu in Paris.
Ida Haendel : Her recording career spans nearly 70 years for major labels including EMI and Harmonia Mundi.
Ida Haendel : Ida Haendel, (born 15 December 1928) is a Polish-British violinist.
Ida Haendel : Among her premiere performances have been Luigi Dallapiccola's "Tartiniana Seconda", and Allan Pettersson's Violin Concerto No.
Ida Haendel : Paying special tribute to her teacher George Enescu, her Decca recording of his Violin Sonata with Vladimir Ashkenazy in 2000 earned her a Diapason d'Or.
Ida Haendel : In 1948-49 she recorded Beethoven's Violin Concerto, with Rafael Kubelik conducting the Philharmonia Orchestra.
Ida Haendel : She is equally passionate about the music of the 20th century, including Béla Bartók, Benjamin Britten and William Walton.
Ida Haendel : In 2006 she performed for Pope Benedict XVI at the former Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Taylor Swift : She has a younger brother named Austin Kingsley Swift, who is an actor.
Taylor Swift : I just like the way that I feel like, and that makes me feel very free".
Taylor Swift : "Me!"
Taylor Swift : The music video for "Me!"
Taylor Swift : She also traveled regularly to New York City for vocal and acting lessons.
Taylor Swift : She is known for narrative songs about her personal life, which have received widespread media coverage.
Taylor Swift : Swift, who has said she has Scottish heritage was named after the singer-songwriter James Taylor.
Taylor Swift : In October, Swift released the album's second single "...Ready for It?
Taylor Swift : Swift spent her early years on a Christmas tree farm, which her father purchased from one of his clients.
Taylor Swift : Her father, Scott Kingsley Swift, was a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch; her mother, Andrea Gardner Swift (née Finlay), was a homemaker who had worked as a mutual fund marketing executive.
Taylor Swift : broke a Vevo record by amassing 65.2 million views within its first day of release.
Taylor Swift : at the Disco as the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Lover".
Taylor Swift : Swift persuaded Big Machine to hire her demo producer Nathan Chapman, with whom she felt she had the right "chemistry".
Taylor Swift : She attended preschool and kindergarten at the Alvernia Montessori School, run by the Bernadine Franciscan sisters, before transferring to The Wyndcroft School.
Taylor Swift : Taylor Alison Swift was born on December 13, 1989, in Reading, Pennsylvania.
Taylor Swift : Swift contributed backing vocals to John Mayer's "Half of My Heart", a single featured on his fourth album, "Battle Studies" (2009).
Taylor Swift : The family moved to a rented house in the suburban town of Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, where she attended Wyomissing Area Junior/Senior High School.
Taylor Swift : As a songwriter, she has been honored by the Nashville Songwriters Association and the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and was listed on "Rolling Stone" 2015 list of the 100 Greatest Songwriters of All Time.
Taylor Swift : Its third single, "Our Song", made her the youngest person to single-handedly write and perform a number-one song on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
Taylor Swift : At age nine, Swift became interested in musical theater and performed in four Berks Youth Theatre Academy productions.
Taylor Swift : Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter.
Taylor Swift : In 2012, Swift participated in the Stand Up to Cancer telethon, performing "Ronan", a song she wrote in memory of a four-year-old boy who died of neuroblastoma.
Taylor Swift : Swift's second album, "Fearless", was released in 2008.
Taylor Swift : She was one of the recipients of the Nashville Songwriters Association's Songwriter/Artist of the Year in 2007, becoming the youngest person to be honored with the title.
Taylor Swift : Swift voiced Audrey, a tree lover, in the animated film "The Lorax" (2012), made a cameo in the sitcom "New Girl" (2013), and had a supporting role in the film adaptation of "The Giver" (2014).
Taylor Swift : Swift has received many awards and honors, including 10 Grammy Awards, 29 American Music Awards (most wins for an artist), 23 "Billboard" Music Awards (most wins by a female artist alongside Beyoncé), six Guinness World Records, 12 Country Music Association Awards, eight Academy of Country Music Awards, one Brit Award, and one Emmy Award.
Taylor Swift : The song debuted at number 100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 three days after its release, and jumped to number two the following week—the biggest single-week jump in the chart's history.
Taylor Swift : Swift's second studio album, "Fearless", was released on November 11, 2008.
Taylor Swift : Swift was the sole writer of her 2010 album "Speak Now", which won two Grammy Awards and was her first to debut with over a million copies sold in the first week in the US.
Demi Lovato : Nobody knew."
Demi Lovato : I think there's a lot of hypocrisy with religion.
Demi Lovato : I feel like she set a really great example and she was extremely talented."
Demi Lovato : She was reported to be stable and recovering later in the day.
Demi Lovato : She began playing piano at age seven and guitar at ten, when she also began dancing and acting classes.
Demi Lovato : "Confident" was released through the new venture deal.
Demi Lovato : Lovato is an active supporter of LGBT rights.
Demi Lovato : Her mother is of English and Irish ancestry.
Demi Lovato : ", premiered on February 8.
Demi Lovato : In 2017, Lovato was included in "Time"'s annual list of the 100 most influential people.
Demi Lovato : She planned to appear in at least six episodes of the fifth season of "Glee", but she only appeared four.
Demi Lovato : Lovato has also become the face of Human Rights Campaign's America's for Marriage Equality.
Demi Lovato : It was reported that she decided to enter treatment after punching female dancer Alex Welch; her management and family convinced her she needed help.
Demi Lovato : In October 2010 she was the spokeswoman for the anti-bullying organization, PACER.
Demi Lovato : On May 29, she announced her fourth concert tour (and first world tour, covering 25 cities), the Demi World Tour, and its first North American dates.
Demi Lovato : She further stated, "I've never been so sure of myself as an artist when it comes down to confidence, but not only personal things, but exactly what I want my sound to be and what I know I'm capable of and this album will give me the opportunity to show people what I can really do."
Demi Lovato : Lovato is a pop, pop rock, and R&B artist.
Demi Lovato : She is also spokesperson for the Join the Surge Campaign!, DoSomething.Org and Joining the Surge by Clean & Clear; the latter is a national campaign encouraging teenagers to take action in their communities.
Demi Lovato : In May 2013 she was cited for her dedication as a mentor to teens and young adults with mental-health problems at a National Children's Mental Health Awareness Day hosted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in Washington.
Demi Lovato : On May 8, 2017, she announced a collaboration with sportswear line Fabletics to support the United Nations' initiative, Girl Up.
Demi Lovato : Lovato's fifth album, "Confident", was released on October 16, 2015, and received generally positive reviews from music critics.
Demi Lovato : In November 2014, Lovato opened the UK shows on Enrique Iglesias' Sex and Love Tour.
Demi Lovato : Lovato was featured in a January 2010 public-service announcement for Voto Latino to promote the organization's "Be Counted" campaign preparing for the 2010 United States Census.
Demi Lovato : Lovato later released a deluxe version of "Demi", which was to include seven new tracks, consisting of four live performances and three studio recordings.
Demi Lovato : She has earned numerous awards and nominations, including an MTV Video Music Award, 14 Teen Choice Awards, five People's Choice Awards, two Latin American Music Awards, three Brit awards nominations and two Grammy nominations.
Demi Lovato : In October 2017, Lovato announced tour dates for the North American leg of her Tell Me You Love Me World Tour, with special guests DJ Khaled and Kehlani.
Demi Lovato : The song also peaked at number 68 on the Canadian Hot 100 and number 38 in New Zealand.
Demi Lovato : In May 2015, "Billboard" revealed Lovato was in the process of starting an "artist-centric" new record label, Safehouse Records, of which she will be co-founder and co-owner.
Demi Lovato : From 2010 to 2016, Lovato was in a relationship with actor Wilmer Valderrama.
Demi Lovato : The label will be a partnership between her, Nick Jonas, and Lovato's manager Phil McIntyre, and will form part of a new collaborative arrangement with record label Island.
Demi Lovato : All proceeds from the song were donated to environmental charities supported by the Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund.
Demi Lovato : In 2002, she began her career on the children's television series "Barney & Friends", portraying the role of Angela.
Demi Lovato : On May 18, 2014, "Somebody to You" featuring Lovato was released as the fourth single from The Vamps' debut album, "Meet the Vamps".
Demi Lovato : Lovato's Disney Channel sitcom "Sonny with a Chance", in which she played Sonny Munroe, the newest cast member of the show-within-a-show "So Random!
Demi Lovato : She has earned seven top-20 tracks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 with "This Is Me", "Here We Go Again", "Skyscraper", "Give Your Heart a Break", "Heart Attack", "Cool for the Summer", and "Sorry Not Sorry".
Demi Lovato : Demetria Devonne Lovato ( ; born August 20, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and television personality.
Demi Lovato : Lovato was also featured on the re-release of "Irresistible", the fourth single from Fall Out Boy's sixth studio album "American Beauty/American Psycho".
Demi Lovato : In February 2017, Lovato executive-produced a documentary, "Beyond Silence", which follows three individuals and their experiences with mental illnesses including bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, depression, and anxiety.
Demi Lovato : Warm Up Tour before the release of her debut studio album, and appeared on the Jonas Brothers' Burnin' Up Tour.
Demi Lovato : Lovato sang four songs on the soundtrack, including "We Rock" and "This Is Me".
Demi Lovato : Lovato was featured on "Up", the second single from Olly Murs' fourth studio album, "Never Been Better".
Demi Lovato : On television, Lovato has starred as the titular character on "Sonny with a Chance" (2009–2011), served as a judge and mentor on "The X Factor USA" in its second and third seasons, and appeared as a recurring character on "Glee".
Demi Lovato : On October 26, 2015, Lovato and Nick Jonas announced that they would tour together on the Future Now Tour.
Demi Lovato : During the album's production, Lovato commented: "I've already started recording for my new album, and I have plans to record during the tour.
Demi Lovato : In November 2017, Lovato released a song titled "Échame la Culpa" with Luis Fonsi.
Demi Lovato : She also worked with her longtime friend Nick Jonas on a song for his self-titled album called "Avalanche," released November 2014.
Demi Lovato : Lovato has released six studio albums: "Don't Forget" (2008), "Here We Go Again" (2009), "Unbroken" (2011), "Demi" (2013), "Confident" (2015), and "Tell Me You Love Me" (2017); all of which debuted in the top five of the "Billboard" 200.
Demi Lovato : In July 2017, Lovato released "Sorry Not Sorry" as the first single from her sixth album, which became her highest charting song in New Zealand and the United States at number 6 as well as Australia at number 8.
Demi Lovato : On June 21, 2018, Lovato released "Sober" in which she revealed she had relapsed after six years of sobriety.
Demi Lovato : Lovato was born on August 20, 1992 in Albuquerque, New Mexico to former Dallas Cowboys cheerleader Dianna De La Garza (née Dianna Lee Smith) and engineer and musician Patrick Martin Lovato.
Demi Lovato : On October 17, 2015, she performed a "Cool for the Summer" and "Confident" medley, as well as "Stone Cold" melody on "Saturday Night Live" during the series' forty-first season.
Demi Lovato : This will be Lovato's second multi-label venture of her career; she was formerly part of Jonas Records, a UMG/Hollywood/Jonas Brothers partnership, which is now defunct.
Demi Lovato : Her struggles with several personal issues have received significant media attention in the 2010s; in response to which she published the book "Staying Strong: 365 Days a Year" (2013), and released a YouTube documentary about her life and career, titled "" (2017).
Demi Lovato : The album, titled "Tell Me You Love Me", was released on September 29 and opened at number three on the US "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 78,000 0 copies.
Demi Lovato : In May 2009, Lovato was named an Honorary Ambassador of Education by the American Partnership For Eosinophilic Disorders.
Demi Lovato : She has an older sister named Dallas; a younger maternal half-sister, actress Madison De La Garza; and an older paternal half-sister named Amber, whom she first spoke to when she was 20.
Demi Lovato : On November 1, 2010, Lovato withdrew from the Jonas Brothers Live in Concert tour, entering a treatment facility for "physical and emotional issues".
Demi Lovato : The film, the fourth highest-rated Disney Channel original movie, premiered to 8.5 million viewers.
Demi Lovato : Lovato released the music video for her R&B-infused song "Waitin for You" featuring American rapper Sirah on October 22, 2015.
Demi Lovato : Lovato featured in Cheat Codes' song "No Promises", released in March 2017, and Jax Jones's "Instruction" along with Stefflon Don, released in June 2017.
Demi Lovato : The album's second and final single, "Remember December" failed to match the success of its predecessor, but peaked at number 80 on the UK Singles Chart.
Demi Lovato : She released a music video for her song "Nightingale" on December 24, 2014.
Demi Lovato : In 2010, Lovato and Joe Jonas recorded "Make a Wave" as the second charity single for Disney's Friends for Change.
Demi Lovato : The film premiered on June 20, 2008, to 8.9 million viewers.
Demi Lovato : That June, she starred alongside Selena Gomez in the Disney Channel film "Princess Protection Program", in which Lovato portrayed Rosie Gonzalez / Princess Rosalinda.
Demi Lovato : The song attracted attention for its bi-curious theme and was a commercial success, peaking at number eleven on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and being certified double platinum in the U.S. On September 18, 2015, the title track "Confident" was released as the album's second single and peaked at number 21 on the Hot 100.
Demi Lovato : The album debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 98,000 copies.
Zanele Muholi : where they also spoke on legacies of violence.
Zanele Muholi : I expected people to think before they act, and to ask questions.
Zanele Muholi : The organization's vision statement is "Produce.
Zanele Muholi : Educate.
Zanele Muholi : Disseminate."
Zanele Muholi : Muholi's work is held in the following public collections:
Zanele Muholi : Nothing else was stolen, raising suspicions that Muholi's recordings of Black lesbian life was targeted.
Zanele Muholi : It has shown in South Africa, USA, Spain, Sweden, UK, Amsterdam, Paris (Festival Cinefable) and Italy.
Zanele Muholi : In their response Muholi said "It's paralysing.
Zanele Muholi : It is involved with visual arts and media advocacy for and on behalf of the LGBTI community.
Zanele Muholi : Photos contained therein include records of the funerals of Black South African lesbians murdered in hate crimes.
Zanele Muholi : They researched and documented the stories of hate crimes against the LGBTQI community in order to bring forth the realities of "corrective rape", assault, and HIV/AIDS, to public attention.
Zanele Muholi : In the same month they showed at the Singapore International Arts Festival's O.P.E.N.
Zanele Muholi : In 2002, Muholi co-founded the Forum for the Empowerment of Women (FEW), a black lesbian organization dedicated to providing a safe space for women to meet and organize.
Zanele Muholi : Their work is mostly about bringing visibility of queer people in the black community.
Zanele Muholi : Their father was Ashwell Tanji Banda Muholi and their mother was Bester Muholi.
Zanele Muholi : Muholi was employed as a photographer and reporter for "Behind the Mask", an online magazine on LGBTI issues in Africa.
Zanele Muholi : In 2014, they presented at the Design Indaba Conference in Cape Town.
Zanele Muholi : Their thesis mapped the visual history of black lesbian identity and politics in post-Apartheid South Africa.
Zanele Muholi : Zanele Muholi HonFRPS (born 19 July 1972) is a South African artist and visual activist working in photography, video, and installation.
Zanele Muholi : They received an Infinity Award from the International Center of Photography in 2016, a Chevalier de Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 2016, and an Honorary Fellowship of the Royal Photographic Society in 2018.
Zanele Muholi : In June 2014, Muholi was back at their alma mater, showing "Faces and Phases" at the Ryerson Image Centre as part of WorldPride.
Zanele Muholi : Muholi completed an Advanced Photography course at the Market Photo Workshop in Newtown, Johannesburg in 2003, and held their first solo exhibition at the Johannesburg Art Gallery in 2004.
Zanele Muholi : On 28 October 2013, they were appointed Honorary Professor – video and photography at the University of the Arts Bremen in Germany.
Zanele Muholi : In 2009 they were awarded their Master of Fine Arts degree in Documentary Media from Ryerson University in Toronto.
Zanele Muholi : Muholi launched their visual activism through their first solo exhibition entitled "Visual Sexuality: Only Half the Picture," at the Johannesburg Art Gallery in 2004.
Zanele Muholi : In August 2009, the Minister of Arts and Culture Lulu Xingwana walked out of the exhibition due to Muholi's photography, calling it immoral, offensive and going against nation-building.
Zanele Muholi : In 2010, Muholi co-directed their documentary "Difficult Love", which was commissioned by SABC.
Zanele Muholi : On 20 April 2012, Muholi's flat in Vredehoek was robbed, with over twenty primary and back-up external hard drives containing five years' worth of photos and video being stolen with their laptop.
Zanele Muholi : In 2009, Muholi founded Inkanyiso, a non-profit organisation concerned with queer visual activism.
Joan Didion : On December 30, 2003, while their daughter Quintana Roo Dunne lay comatose in the ICU with septic shock resulting from pneumonia, her husband suffered a fatal heart attack while at the dinner table.
Joan Didion : Two tragedies struck Didion in the space of less than two years.
Joan Didion : She was also diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
Joan Didion : Didion attended kindergarten and first grade, but because her father was in the Army Air Corps during World War II and her family was constantly relocated, she did not attend school on a regular basis.
Joan Didion : After making progress toward recovery in 2004, Quintana died of acute pancreatitis on August 26, 2005, during Didion's New York promotion for "The Year of Magical Thinking."
Joan Didion : She required six hours of brain surgery at UCLA Medical Center.
Joan Didion : This same year, Didion also won the Evelyn F. Burkey Award from the Writers Guild of America.
Joan Didion : Before her move to Brentwood she lived in the Hollywood/Los Feliz area on Franklin Ave, one block north of Hollywood Blvd.
Joan Didion : She read everything she could get her hands on, and she even needed written permission from her mother to borrow adult books—biographies especially—from the library at a young age.
Joan Didion : In 1943 or early 1944, her family returned to Sacramento, and her father went to Detroit to negotiate defense contracts for World War II.
Joan Didion : Didion's book-length essay "Salvador" (1983) was written after a two-week-long trip to El Salvador with her husband.
Joan Didion : During her seven years at "Vogue", Didion worked her way up from promotional copywriter to associate feature editor.
Joan Didion : Her 1987 nonfiction book "Miami" looked at the Cuban expatriate community in that city.
Joan Didion : The couple married in 1964 and moved to Los Angeles with intentions of staying only temporarily, but California ultimately became their home for the next twenty years.
Joan Didion : Dunne and Didion worked closely together for most of their careers.
Joan Didion : In 1992, she published "After Henry", a collection of twelve geographical essays and a personal memorial for Henry Robbins, who was Didion's friend and editor from 1966 until he died in 1979.
Joan Didion : In 1956, Didion graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Joan Didion : In 1979, Didion was living in Brentwood Park, California, a quiet, residential neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Joan Didion : In 1996, she published "The Last Thing He Wanted", a romantic thriller.
Joan Didion : Produced by Scott Rudin, the Broadway play featured Vanessa Redgrave.
Joan Didion : During her senior year, she won first place in the "Prix de Paris" essay contest sponsored by "Vogue," and was awarded a job as a research assistant at the magazine, having written a story on the San Francisco architect William Wilson Wurster.
Joan Didion : Didion recalls writing things down as early as age five, though she says she never saw herself as a writer until after her work had been published.
Joan Didion : The couple also spent eight years adapting the biography of journalist Jessica Savitch into the film "Up Close & Personal".
Joan Didion : In 2007, she began working on a one-woman stage adaptation of "The Year of Magical Thinking".
Joan Didion : While there, and homesick for California, she wrote her first novel, "Run River", which was published in 1963.
Joan Didion : Didion's novel "Play It As It Lays", set in Hollywood, was published in 1970, and "A Book of Common Prayer" appeared in 1977.
Joan Didion : In 2011, Knopf published "Blue Nights", a memoir about aging.
Joan Didion : Joan Didion (; born December 5, 1934) is an American essayist.
Joan Didion : Didion has received a great deal of recognition for "The Year of Magical Thinking", which was awarded the National Book Award for Nonfiction in 2005.
Joan Didion : Yale University conferred another honorary Doctor of Letters degree upon her in 2011.
Joan Didion : In 2007, Didion received the National Book Foundation's annual Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters.
Joan Didion : The book focuses on Didion's daughter, who died just before "The Year of Magical Thinking" was published.
Joan Didion : While in New York and working at "Vogue", Didion met John Gregory Dunne, her future husband, who was writing for "Time" magazine.
Joan Didion : Didion began writing "The Year of Magical Thinking," a narrative of her response to the death of her husband and severe illness of their daughter, Quintana Roo Dunne Michael, on October 4, 2004, and finished the manuscript 88 days later on New Year's Eve.
Joan Didion : In 1979, she published "The White Album", another collection of magazine pieces that had previously appeared in "Life", "Esquire", "The Saturday Evening Post", "The New York Times", and "The New York Review of Books".
Joan Didion : In 2009, Didion was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters degree by Harvard University.
Tracey Emin : The piece of artwork sold for £800,000.
Tracey Emin : Emin was born in Croydon, a district of south London, to an English mother of Romanichal descent, and brought up in Margate, Kent, with her twin brother, Paul.
Tracey Emin : Her relationship with sex is a major theme and aspect of her work.
Tracey Emin : The needlework which is integral to this work was used by Emin in a number of her other pieces.
Tracey Emin : Tracey Emin, CBE, RA (; born 3 July 1963) is an English artist known for her autobiographical and confessional artwork.
Tracey Emin : Emin was largely unknown by the public until she appeared on a Channel 4 television programme in 1997.
Tracey Emin : Her influences included Edvard Munch and Egon Schiele, and for a time she studied philosophy at Birkbeck, University of London.
Tracey Emin : In November 1993, Emin had her first solo show at White Cube, a contemporary art gallery in London.
Tracey Emin : Two years later, in 1999, Emin was shortlisted for the Turner Prize herself and exhibited "My Bed" at the Tate Gallery.
Tracey Emin : It was called "My Major Retrospective", and was autobiographical, consisting of personal photographs, photos of her (destroyed) early paintings, as well as items which most artists would not consider showing in public (such as a packet of cigarettes her uncle was holding when he was decapitated in a car crash).
Anna Rudolf : Her achievements include winning the European Junior Rapid Championship and the Hungarian Women's Championship in 2008, 2010, and 2011.
Anna Rudolf : Anna Rudolf (born 12 November 1987 in Miskolc) is a Hungarian chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).
Rani Mukerji : At the age of eighteen, Mukerji experimented with acting by portraying a supporting role in her father's Bengali language film "Biyer Phool" (1996).
Rani Mukerji : Rani Mukerji (; born 21 March 1978) is an Indian film actress.
Rani Mukerji : Her maternal aunt, Debashree Roy, is a Bengali film actress and her paternal cousin, Kajol, is a Hindi film actress and her contemporary.
Ashley Greene : They were married on July 6, 2018 at San Jose, California.
Ashley Greene : Her attorneys threatened to sue various websites that published the pictures.
Ashley Greene : She initially planned to become a model, but was told that she was not tall enough at to be a fashion model and should instead focus on acting in commercials.
Ashley Greene : After taking commercial and acting class, she fell in love with acting and realized that she preferred it over modeling.
Ashley Greene : She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of 17 to pursue an acting career.
Ashley Greene : In 2009, nude self-portraits of Greene were leaked onto the internet.
Ashley Greene : Greene has stated that she grew up watching football and is a Florida Gators fan.
Ashley Greene : Greene has an older brother named Joe.
Ashley Greene : She grew up in Middleburg and Jacksonville, and went to University Christian School before transferring to Wolfson High School when she was in tenth grade.
Ashley Greene : Early in her career, she appeared as a guest on such television programs, as "Punk'd" and "Crossing Jordan".
Ashley Greene : In 2010, Greene received "The Style Icon Award" at "Hollywood Life"’s Young Hollywood Awards, as well as an award from the PETA foundation for representing Avon and their no testing on animals policy.
Ashley Greene : Greene became engaged to Australian-Lebanese television announcer Paul Khoury in December 2016.
Ashley Greene : She is the daughter of Michele (née Tatum), who works in insurance, and Joe Greene, a former U.S. Marine who now owns his own concrete business.
Ashley Greene : Appearing nude in a bodypainted bikini, Greene posed for SoBe advertisements that ran in the 2010 issue of the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition".
Ashley Greene : Ashley Michele Greene (born February 21, 1987) is an American actress and model.
Ashley Greene : Greene is a good friend of her "Twilight" co-stars, particularly Kellan Lutz and Jackson Rathbone, whom she knew before filming of the series began.
Ashley Greene : She reunited with her "Twilight" co-star Kellan Lutz in the movie "A Warrior's Heart" (2011), and also starred in thriller film "Summer's Blood" (2009) and the Dark Castle Entertainment horror film "The Apparition" (2012).
Ashley Greene : She is known for playing Alice Cullen in the film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer's "Twilight" novels.
Antoaneta Stefanova : In January 1998, her FIDE rating broke into the top ten of women worldwide.
Antoaneta Stefanova : In June 2002, she won the 3rd European Individual Women's Championship in Varna.
Antoaneta Stefanova : She has represented Bulgaria in the Chess Olympiad in 2000 and the Women's Chess Olympiad since 1992.
Antoaneta Stefanova : Stefanova became the tenth Women's World Chess Champion in June 2004 by winning a 64-player knockout tournament held in Elista, Kalmykia, under the auspices of FIDE.
Antoaneta Stefanova : Antoaneta Stefanova (; born 19 April 1979) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster and Women's World Champion from 2004 to 2006.
Antoaneta Stefanova : When she was four years old, she received chess lessons from her father, Andon Stefanov, a designing artist.
Ani DiFranco : DiFranco has stated that "folk music is not an acoustic guitar – that's not where the heart of it is.
Ani DiFranco : It's an attitude, it's an awareness of one's heritage, and it's a community.
Ani DiFranco : I use the word 'folk' in reference to punk music and rap music.
Ani DiFranco : It's subcorporate music that gives voice to different communities and their struggle against authority."
Ani DiFranco : Righteous Babe Records employs a number of people in her hometown of Buffalo.
Ani DiFranco : In 1998, she married her sound engineer Andrew Gilchrist in a Unitarian Universalist service in Canada.
Ani DiFranco : Other artists have covered and sampled DiFranco's work throughout the years.
Ani DiFranco : In a 1997 open letter to "Ms." magazine she expressed displeasure that what she considers a way to ensure her own artistic freedom was seen by others solely in terms of its financial success.
Ani DiFranco : Many of her songs are concerned with contemporary social issues such as racism, sexism, sexual abuse, homophobia, reproductive rights, poverty, and war.
Ani DiFranco : She delivers many of her lines in a speaking style notable for its rhythmic variation.
Ani DiFranco : During the 2004 presidential primaries, she supported liberal, anti-war Democrat Dennis Kucinich.
Ani DiFranco : The combination of personal and political is partially responsible for DiFranco's early popularity among politically active college students, particularly those of the left wing, some of whom set up fan pages on the web to document DiFranco's career as early as 1994.
Ani DiFranco : In July 2005, DiFranco developed tendinitis and took a nine-month hiatus from touring.
Ani DiFranco : DiFranco has occasionally joined with Prince in discussing publicly the problems associated with major record companies.
Ani DiFranco : Angela Maria "Ani" DiFranco (; born 1970) is an American singer/songwriter.
Ani DiFranco : She toured steadily for the next 15 years, pausing only to record albums.
Ani DiFranco : Her lyrics, which often include alliteration, metaphor, word play and a more or less gentle irony, have also received praise for their sophistication.
Ani DiFranco : She has referenced this independence from major labels in song more than once, including "The Million You Never Made" ("Not a Pretty Girl"), which discusses the act of turning down a lucrative contract, "The Next Big Thing" ("Not So Soft"), which describes an imagined meeting with a label head-hunter who evaluates the singer based on her looks, and "Napoleon" ("Dilate"), which sympathizes sarcastically with an unnamed friend who did sign with a label.
Ani DiFranco : While primarily an acoustic guitarist she has used a variety of instruments and styles: brass instrumentation was prevalent in 1998's "Little Plastic Castle"; a simple walking bass in her 1997 cover of Hal David and Burt Bacharach's "Wishin' and Hopin' "; strings on the 1997 live album "Living in Clip" and 2004's "Knuckle Down"; and electronics and synthesizers in 1999's "To the Teeth" and 2006's "Reprieve".
Macarena Gómez : In June 2013, Macarena Gómez married musician and film director Aldo Comas.
Macarena Gómez : Macarena Gómez Traseira (born 2 February 1978) is a Spanish actress, known for her role of Lola in the current television series "La que se avecina", aired on Telecinco.
Kelly Madison : Despite their age difference and Kelly's engagement to another man, they fell in love and eloped.
Kelly Madison : They discussed their marriage, their open relationship and pornographic career.
Kelly Madison : Madison has also appeared in "Score" magazine, and she has written a column for "Juggs" magazine as well.
Kelly Madison : Their company was called 413 Productions, after the street address of the warehouse they rented for filming.
Kelly Madison : KellyCash.com is an affiliate program for the first two sites, replacing 413dollars.com in mid-2006.
Kelly Madison : KellyMadison.com focuses on her public appearances.
Kelly Madison : Kelly Madison (born August 26, 1967) is an American pornographic actress, director, producer, and Internet pornography entrepreneur.
Kelly Madison : On July 25, 2007, Madison and her husband were interviewed on the E!
Kelly Madison : The couple divided the business responsibilities: Ryan handled the production company, editing, photographing, web hosting, programming, advertising, and web traffic generation.
Kelly Madison : Madison runs a production company, 413 Productions, with her husband Ryan.
Kelly Madison : KellyFind.com is a pornographic search engine, specializing in searches for specific types of performers (by ethnicity, hair color, bust size, age, sex acts-performed, etc.).
Kelly Madison : The business started as just a personal website, due to initial concerns that Madison had never posed nude before and that she was starting in the business at a much older-than-typical age.
Kelly Madison : Madison met her husband, Ryan, in 1999 at a computer graphics company.
Kelly Madison : PornFidelity.com focuses on threesomes, swinging with her husband, and women that she brings home.
Kelly Madison : After the initial success of the website, the couple expanded into producing and filming pornographic DVDs starring other performers.
Kelly Madison : The PornFidelity web site and a matching DVD line grew out of some threesome scenes with the couple and women whom Madison brought home.
Claudia Poll : Poll became a mother for the first time on August 8, 2007.
Claudia Poll : In 1997, she was named by "Swimming World Magazine" as the Female Swimmer of the Year.
Claudia Poll : In 2002, she was given a four-year doping ban after a failed test for norandrosterone, a metabolite the steroid nandrolone.
Claudia Poll : Claudia graduated in Business Administration from the Universidad Internacional de las Américas, San José, Costa Rica, in 1998.
Claudia Poll : Her sister, Silvia, won Costa Rica's first Olympic medal, the silver medal, at the 1988 Games.
Claudia Poll : Claudia and her sister Silvia were both born in Managua, Nicaragua, but moved shortly after Claudia’s birth in 1972.
Claudia Poll : Claudia Maria Poll Ahrens (born 21 December 1972) is a Costa Rican swimmer who competes in the 200 m to 800 m freestyle events.
Claudia Poll : She is Costa Rica's only Olympic gold-medalist, having won the country's first Olympic gold medals at the 1996 Olympics in the 200 meter freestyle.
Lucrecia Martel : We didn’t have classes.
Lucrecia Martel : That event inaugurated the activity of a lot of directors, and also a lot of young people’s interest in film."
Miri Ben-Ari : Miri Ben-Ari (; born December 4, 1978) is an Israeli-American violinist.
Ann Coulter : No, they are!
Ann Coulter : Just, can we do something for ordinary Americans?”".
Ann Coulter : In it, she said:
Ann Coulter : They should be with us."
Ann Coulter : They're assimilating us into their culture."
Ann Coulter : She boasted how she talked GOProud into dropping its support for same-sex marriage in the party's platform, saying, "The left is trying to co-opt gays, and I don't think we should let them.
Ann Coulter : It details Coulter's case for the impeachment of President Bill Clinton.
Ann Coulter : She insists that her opposition to same-sex marriage "wasn't an anti-gay thing" and that "It's genuinely a pro-marriage position to oppose gay marriage".
Ann Coulter : The other two films were "FahrenHYPE 9/11", a direct-to-video documentary rebuttal of Michael Moore's "Fahrenheit 911", and "Is It True What They Say About Ann?
Ann Coulter : Her column is featured on six conservative websites: "Human Events Online", WorldNetDaily, Townhall.com, VDARE, "FrontPage Magazine", "Jewish World Review" and her own website.
Ann Coulter : Ann Hart Coulter (; born December 8, 1961) is an American conservative media pundit, best-selling author, syndicated columnist, and lawyer.
Ann Coulter : Ann Hart Coulter was born on December 8, 1961, in New York City, to John Vincent Coulter (1926–2008), an FBI agent from a working class Catholic Irish American and German American family in Albany, New York, and Nell Husbands Coulter (née Martin; 1928–2009), who was born in Paducah, Kentucky.
Ann Coulter : At Michigan, Coulter was president of the local chapter of the Federalist Society and was trained at the National Journalism Center.
Elif Shafak : They do mix.
Elif Shafak : And in a city like Istanbul they mix intensely, incessantly, amazingly."
Elif Shafak : She says that growing up in a dysfunctional family was difficult, but that growing up in a non-patriarchal environment had a beneficial impact on her.
Elif Shafak : In the same essay written for "Time Magazine" Shafak says: "East and West is no water and oil.
Elif Shafak : Shafak spent her teenage years in Ankara, Madrid, Amman, and Istanbul.
Elif Shafak : She has taught at universities in Turkey.
Elif Shafak : She is an activist for women's rights, minority rights, and freedom of speech.
Elif Shafak : Elif Shafak (, ; born 25 October 1971) is a Turkish-British novelist, essayist, academic, public speaker, and women's rights activist.
Elif Shafak : After her parents' separated, Shafak returned to Ankara, Turkey, where she was raised by her mother and grandmother.
Elif Shafak : Shafak's first novel, "Pinhan" ("The Hidden"), was awarded the Rumi Prize in 1998, an honor bestowed on the best work in mystical literature in Turkey.
Elif Shafak : Her writing has always addressed minorities and subcultures, such as post-colonialism and post-feminism, and in particular the role of women in society.
Elif Shafak : Shafak was prosecuted on charges of "insulting Turkishness" (Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code) for discussing the genocide in the novel.
Christiane F. : Its title in Germany was "Christiane F. – Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo", and in English-speaking countries "Christiane F."
Christiane F. : She lived with her son (born 1996) in Teltow, Germany, but, in 2008 after they both relocated to Amsterdam, Felscherinow temporarily lost custody of her son in August 2008, after authorities intervened in Berlin.
Christiane F. : Christiane Vera Felscherinow (born 20 May 1962) is a German actress and musician who is best known for her contribution to the 1978 autobiographical book ("We Children of Bahnhof Zoo"), and the film based on the book, in which her teenage drug use is documented.
Nely Carla Alberto : She was also part of the Olympic bronze medal winning team from 2012.
Nely Carla Alberto : Nely Carla Alberto Francisca (born 2 July 1983) is a Spanish handball player for Mérignac Handball and the Spain national team.
Maider Tellería : She was a member of the Women's National Team that surprisingly won the golden medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics on home soil (Barcelona).
Maider Tellería : Maider Tellería Goñi (born July 14, 1973 in San Sebastián) is a former field hockey player from Spain.
Iveta Radičová : Radičová also served as deputy chairman of the parliamentary committee on social affairs and housing.
Iveta Radičová : Iveta Radičová (; born 7 December 1956) served as the first woman Prime Minister of Slovakia from 2010 to 2012.
Iveta Radičová : She has one daughter and is the widow of Stano Radič, a famous Slovak comedian and actor who died in 2005.
Iveta Radičová : However, Fico's coalition partners, the ultra-nationalist Slovak National Party and the national-conservative HZDS, performed poorly, with HZDS failing to win any seats in parliament.
Iveta Radičová : During this period, Radičová also lectured in the departments of sociology, political science, and social work at Comenius University.
Iveta Radičová : In 2005, she was named a Professor of Sociology by the Faculty of Philosophy at Comenius University, making her Slovakia's first female professor of sociology.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Since 1997, she has built a unique high temperature calorimetry facility.
Alexandra Navrotsky : The energy is associated with the presence or absence of strained bond angles not with the density.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She is also looking into the application of nanomaterials in geochemical pollutant transport in the air as it relates to the global climate change.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Navrotsky's calorimetry has also been used in providing thermo chemical data for a variety of perovskite-related phases which has major consequences for convection and evolution on a planetary scale.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Then she joined the Chemistry faculty at Arizona State University, for approximately five consecutive years.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She is an elected member of the United States National Academy of Sciences (NAS).
Alexandra Navrotsky : One of Navrotsky's works has shown that many zeolitic and mesoporous phases have energies only slightly higher than those of their stable dense polymorphs.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She came back to the U.S. in 1968 and continued her postdoctoral work at Pennsylvania State University.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She is currently the director of NEAT ORU (Nanomaterials in Environment, Agriculture, and Technology Organized Research Unit), a primary program in nanogeoscience.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Alexandra Navrotsky (born 20 June 1943 in New York City) is a physical chemist in the field of nanogeoscience.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She was a board member of the Earth Sciences and Resources division of the NAS from 1995 until 2000.
Alexandra Navrotsky : In 2005, she was awarded the Urey Medal, by the European Association of Geochemistry.
Alexandra Navrotsky : In 2006, she was awarded the Harry H. Hess Medal, by the American Geophysical Union.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Her research is mainly focused on the structure and the stability of both natural and synthetic nanomaterials along with their dependence of temperature and pressure.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Her specializations include: Solid-state chemistry, Ceramics, Physics and Chemistry of Minerals, Geochemistry.
Alexandra Navrotsky : In 2001, she was chosen as the Edward Roessler Chair in Mathematical and Physical Sciences.
Alexandra Navrotsky : Navrotsky introduced and applied the method for measuring the energetics of crystalline oxides of glasses, amorphous, nanophase material, porous materials of hydrous phases and carbonates also more recently nitrides and oxynitrides.
Alexandra Navrotsky : In 1997, she moved to University of California at Davis and became an Interdisciplinary Professor of Ceramic, Earth, and Environmental Materials Chemistry.
Alexandra Navrotsky : (1964), and Ph.D. (1967) in physical chemistry from University of Chicago, where she studied with Professor Ole J. Kleppa.
Alexandra Navrotsky : She graduated from Bronx High School of Science in New York.
Alexandra Navrotsky : As of 2013, she was appointed interim dean of Mathematical and Physical Sciences in the College of Letters and Sciences, at University of California at Davis.
Rachel Cusk : Their divorce became a major topic in Cusk's writings.
Rachel Cusk : The family live in London and Norfolk with their two daughters.
Rachel Cusk : She read English at New College, Oxford.
Rachel Cusk : But her imaginary oral histories are exquisitely attuned to the ways in which humans victimize one another."
Rachel Cusk : She published her first novel, "Saving Agnes", at the age of twenty-six, and its themes of femininity and social satire remained central to her work over the next decade.
Rachel Cusk : Cusk was born in Canada in 1967 and spent much of her early childhood in Los Angeles.
Rachel Cusk : That project became a trilogy ("Outline", "Transit", and "Kudos").
Rachel Cusk : She was previously married to photographer Adrian Clarke.
Rachel Cusk : The structure of the text, a mosaic of fragments, mirrors the unstable nature of memory.
Rachel Cusk : Cusk is married to the artist Siemon Scamell-Katz.
Rachel Cusk : Rachel Cusk (born 8 February 1967) is a Canadian-born novelist and writer who lives and works in England.
Rachel Cusk : Her autobiographical accounts of motherhood and divorce ("A Life’s Work" and "Aftermath") were both groundbreaking and controversial.
Rachel Cusk : It is worth noting that “Outline” was published in 2014, a year before Svetlana Alexievich won the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Rachel Cusk : Cusk has written ten novels and four works of non-fiction.
Rachel Cusk : In responding to the formal problems of the novel representing female experience, she began to work additionally in non-fiction.
Rachel Cusk : Each witness has suffered and survived a version of the same experience, but uniquely, and the events that are retold don't build toward a revelation.
Rachel Cusk : After a long period of consideration, Cusk attempted to evolve a new form, one that could represent personal experience while avoiding the politics of subjectivity and literalism and remaining free from narrative convention.
Rachel Cusk : Alexievich interviews women and men who have lived through cataclysms—the Second World War, Chernobyl, the Soviet gulags—and she distills their testimony into what the Swedish Academy cited as a “history of emotions.” Cusk has been chastised for ignoring politics and social inequities, and the central catastrophe in her fiction is family life.
Rachel Cusk : But there is nothing blurry or muted about Cusk’s literary vision or her prose: Spend much time with this novel and you’ll become convinced she is one of the smartest writers alive."
Rachel Cusk : Reviewing "Outline" in "The New York Times", Heidi Julavits writes: "While the narrator is rarely alone, reading "Outline" mimics the sensation of being underwater, of being separated from other people by a substance denser than air.
Jessica Lange : Upon offering her the part, he gave her the sealed envelope in which he had placed the piece of paper with her name on it.
Jessica Lange : Though they separated not long after moving to Europe during the mid-1970s, they did not divorce until the early 1980s, after which Lange paid him an undisclosed sum in alimony.
Jessica Lange : They should call up Jessica Lange.'"
Jessica Lange : Third of four children, she has two older sisters, Jane and Ann, and a younger brother named George.
Jessica Lange : In 2010, she published a second collection of photographs, "In Mexico".
Jessica Lange : In 1998, "Entertainment Weekly" listed Lange among the 25 Greatest Actresses of the 1990s.
Jessica Lange : An exhibition of her work, along with a series of her films, was presented at the oldest international museum of photography and film, the George Eastman House, after which Lange was presented with the first George Eastman House Honors Award in 2009.
Jessica Lange : In 2016, Lange had a supporting role in Louis C.K.
Jessica Lange : From 1976 to 1982, she was partnered with renowned Russian ballet dancer Mikhail Baryshnikov, with whom she had her first child, Aleksandra Lange "Shura" Baryshnikov (born 1981).
Jessica Lange : In 2008, Lange published her own collection of black-and-white pictures entitled "50 Photographs" (powerHouse Books) with a special introduction by Patti Smith.
Jessica Lange : Lange received three more nominations for "Country" (1984), "Sweet Dreams" (1985) and "Music Box" (1989), before winning her third Golden Globe Award, and the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as a manic depressive housewife in "Blue Sky" (1994).
Jessica Lange : They had two children: daughter Hannah Jane Shepard (born 1986) and son Samuel Walker Shepard (born 1987).
Jessica Lange : Her father, Albert John Lange (1913–1989), was a teacher and traveling salesman, and her mother, Dorothy Florence (née Sahlman; 1913–1998), was a housewife.
Sophie Kinsella : The "Shopaholic" series
Valentina Vezzali : Valentina Vezzali (; born 14 February 1974) is an Italian fencer and politician.
Valentina Vezzali : She also won fourteen gold medals at the World Fencing Championships, six in individual competitions (1999, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2011) and another eight in team competitions (1995, 1997, 1998, 2001, 2004, 2009, 2010, 2013), plus four silver medals (two individual, 1994 and 2006, and two with Italian team, in the same years) and three bronze medals (individual, 1995, 1998 and 2012).
Marie-Pierre Pruvot : She was honored with induction into the Ordre des Palmes Académiques.
Marie-Pierre Pruvot : She performed in a transgender showgirl revue at Le Carrousel de Paris for approximately 20 years.
Marie-Pierre Pruvot : She was initially appointed in Cherbourg; two years later, she began teaching at Garges-lès-Gonesse, and remained there for the next 25 years.
Marie-Pierre Pruvot : During her entertainment career, she acquired university degrees at the Sorbonne in Paris, subsequently becoming a teacher of literature in 1974.
Marie-Pierre Pruvot : Marie-Pierre Pruvot (also known under the pseudonym Marie-Pier Ysser; born 11 November 1935) is an Algerian-born French transgender woman who performed under the stage name Bambi.
Marta Walczykiewicz : Marta Anna Walczykiewicz ( ; born 1 August 1987) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.
Andrea Fuentes : She is the most decorated swimmer in the history of the Spanish national team, with four Olympic, 16 World Championship and 11 European Championship medals: her four Olympic medals also make her the most decorated Spanish female Olympian of all time, alongside Arantxa Sánchez Vicario and Mireia Belmonte.
Andrea Fuentes : Andrea Fuentes Fache (born 7 April 1983 in Valls, Tarragona) is a Spanish retired synchronised swimmer.
Andrea Fuentes : Her sister was synchronised swimmer Tina Fuentes (1984–2018).
Lea Michele : In Concert!
Lea Michele : How to breathe.
Lea Michele : How to take care of my voice.
Lea Michele : I don't think she has any idea what an influence she had on me.
Lea Michele : All of my beliefs are because Audra instilled them in me."
Lea Michele : I would say 80% of my singing knowledge came from Audra... How to warm up.
Lea Michele : She's someone who has built her career on focusing on what makes her unique and what makes her special."
Lea Michele : Her mother Edith would play her films when she was a child.
Lea Michele : Celine Dion has also influenced her as a singer.
Lea Michele : Her mother is an Italian American with ancestors from Rome and Naples, while her father is a Sephardic Jew with ancestors from Thessaloniki, Greece.
Lea Michele : Recording artist Alanis Morissette has been an inspiration throughout Michele's career.
Lea Michele : She said, "I love Alanis Morissette... All of her songs are lyrically so beautiful and vocally she's so strong."
Lea Michele : As of 2013, her voice reportedly spans 2.7 octaves and one semitone.
Lea Michele : She was later accepted to New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, but opted instead to continue working professionally on the stage.
Lea Michele : The lead single from the sophomore album, "Love Is Alive", was released on March 3, 2017.
Lea Michele : During her time there, she was on the volleyball team, the debate team, and participated in choir.
Lea Michele : Morissette's album "Jagged Little Pill" was the first album Michele purchased, and in a 2014 interview has said she still owns.
Lea Michele : Michele's third studio album, "Christmas in the City", was released on October 25, 2019.
Lea Michele : On November 27, 2013, it was announced that the first single from her debut album "Louder" would be "Cannonball", which was released on December 10, 2013.
Lea Michele : Michele released a second book, "You First: Journal Your Way to Your Best Life", on September 22, 2015, which was also published by Random House.
Lea Michele : The family also rented an apartment in Manhattan, where they would live when Michele was performing on Broadway.
Lea Michele : Actress and singer Audra McDonald has also been an influence on Michele.
Lea Michele : Michele dedicated a chapter in her book "Brunette Ambition" to Streisand, noting that it is important for people to have someone to look up to.
Lea Michele : One of the most significant influential figures in Michele's life is Barbra Streisand whom she cites as her "role model".
Lea Michele : She subsequently starred as Hester Ulrich on the Fox series "Scream Queens" (2015–2016) and as Valentina Barella on the ABC sitcom "The Mayor" (2017).
Lea Michele : She spent the first four years of her life living in the Bronx, until she and her parents moved to the more suburban area of Tenafly, New Jersey.
Lea Michele : In May 2019, it was announced that Michele will host a health and wellness digital series for the Ellen DeGeneres Network, titled "Well, Well, Well with Lea Michele".
Lea Michele : She also starred as the lead in a holiday television film, "Same Time, Next Christmas", for ABC.
Lea Michele : On April 28, 2018, Michele announced her engagement to Zandy Reich.
Lea Michele : She released her debut single the following year, "Cannonball", followed by her debut studio album, "Louder" (2014), which debuted at number 4 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the United States.
Lea Michele : Michele has also published two books, "Brunette Ambition" (2014) and "You First: Journal Your Way to Your Best Life" (2015).
Lea Michele : In 1997, Michele was homeschooled while living and working in Toronto, where she performed in a production of "Ragtime".
Lea Michele : This was followed by the role of the Little Girl in the 1998 original Broadway cast of "Ragtime".
Lea Michele : Michele came to major prominence playing Rachel Berry on the Fox series "Glee" (2009–2015), for which she received an Emmy Award nomination and two Golden Globe nominations.
Lea Michele : In 2010, Michele became a spokesmodel for beauty company Dove, performing the song "My Favorite Things" from "The Sound of Music" in television commercials for the brand.
Lea Michele : Lea Michele Sarfati (born August 29, 1986) is an American actress, singer and author.
Lea Michele : She is the only child of Edith Thomasina (née Porcelli), a retired nurse, and Mark David Sarfati, a real estate agent and former delicatessen owner.
Lea Michele : For her performance, she was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
Susanne Bier : Susanne Bier (; born 15 April 1960) is a Danish film director, screenwriter and producer.
Agnes Carlsson : Agnes Carlsson was born in Vänersborg, Sweden on 6 March 1988 as the youngest of four siblings.
Agnes Carlsson : Her father was an environmental engineer, her mother a nurse and social worker.
Agnes Carlsson : Despite this however, her first album continued to enjoy high sales success, selling over 90,000 copies in Sweden by the time it left the Top 60 Albums chart.
Agnes Carlsson : Agnes Emilia Carlsson (born 6 March 1988 in Vänersborg, Sweden), known mononymously as Agnes, is a Swedish recording artist.
Anna Camp : She moved to New York City shortly thereafter.
Anna Camp : But you only live once and you have to take those risks because you'll only be a better person or actor because of it."
Anna Camp : They married on September 10, 2016.
Anna Camp : Speaking about the role, Camp said, "I had a lot of thought; I didn't even know if I was going to do "Equus" because of the nudity and because of the high profile [aspect] of it.
Anna Camp : Camp was engaged to actor Michael Mosley by September 2008; they married in 2010 and filed for divorce in 2013.
Anna Camp : Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer.
Anna Camp : She graduated from the University of North Carolina School of the Arts with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2004.
Anna Camp : Camp has made guest appearances on "The Office" (2009), "Glee" (2009), "Numbers" (2010), and "Covert Affairs" (2010).
Anna Camp : In 2008, she had a role in the pilot of the ABC television dramedy "Cashmere Mafia".
Anna Camp : She appeared in "Reinventing the Wheelers", a 2007 television pilot which was not ordered to series by ABC.
Anna Camp : She played Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of "Equus" at the Broadhurst Theatre, which starred Daniel Radcliffe as Alan Strang.
Éva Tardos : Éva Tardos (born 1 October 1957) is a Hungarian mathematician and the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor of Computer Science at Cornell University.
Elena Kaliská : Elena Kaliská (born 19 January 1972) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 1988.
Elena Kaliská : Competing in four Summer Olympics, she won two gold medals in the K1 event, earning them in 2004 and 2008.
Judith Viorst : This includes "The Tenth Good Thing About Barney" (about the death of a pet) and the "Alexander" series of short picture books, which includes "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day" (1972), which has sold over two million copies.
Judith Viorst : Judith Viorst (née Stahl, February 2, 1931) is an American writer, newspaper journalist, and psychoanalysis researcher.
Judith Viorst : Viorst is a 1952 graduate of the Newark College of Arts and Sciences at Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey.
Judith Viorst : In 1981, she became a research graduate at Washington Psychoanalytic Institute after six years of study.
Azra Akın : Thus, she represented Turkey in the Miss World beauty pageant which was held on December 7, 2002 at Alexandra Palace, London, which she also won.
Çağla Kubat : She graduated from Italian High School of Istanbul and Istanbul Technical University with a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering.
Çağla Kubat : Çağla Kubat married American surfer Jimmy Diaz on September 21, 2013.
Çağla Kubat : She was the first runner-up for the Miss Turkey 2002 beauty pageant and represented Turkey at Miss Universe 2002.
Çağla Kubat : These are "Sağır Oda" ("The deaf room") in 2006 and "Kuzey Rüzgarı" ("The northern wind") with Kadir İnanır and Oktay Kaynarca this year.
Camila Sodi : She is the daughter of Ernestina Sodi and Fernando González Parra.
Camila Sodi : Camila Sodi (; born Camila Ía González Sodi, 14 May 1986) is a Mexican singer, actress and model.
Camila Sodi : They have two children: Jerónimo (born 12 August 2008) and Fiona (born 1 July 2010), named after Luna's mother.
Rebecca Black : Black was born in Irvine, California.
Rebecca Black : The single, "Friday", written entirely by Ark, was released on YouTube and iTunes.
Rebecca Black : In the UK, the song debuted at number 61 on the UK Singles Chart.
Rebecca Black : The song peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the New Zealand Singles Chart at numbers 58 and 33, respectively.
Rebecca Black : A cover of "Friday" was performed on "Glee" in the second-season episode, "Prom Queen".
Rebecca Black : As an homage to "Friday", Black appeared in the music video for Katy Perry's "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.
Rebecca Black : The video went viral on March 11, acquiring millions of views on YouTube in a matter of days, becoming the most discussed topic on social networking site Twitter, and garnering mostly negative media coverage.
Rebecca Black : The song's video was uploaded to YouTube on February 10, 2011, and received approximately 1,000 views in the first month.
Rebecca Black : The single was released on March 14, with first-week sales estimated to be around 40,000 by "Billboard."
Rebecca Black : On March 22, Black appeared on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno," during which she performed the song and discussed the negative reaction to it.
Rebecca Black : In late 2010, a classmate of Black and music-video client of Los Angeles record label ARK Music Factory told her about the company.
Cher Lloyd : And she did!
Cher Lloyd : There's no denying it."
Cher Lloyd : She just changed pop music.'
Cher Lloyd : It's been a while but it's definitely worth the wait and I can't wait for everybody to hear it."
Cher Lloyd : In December 2011, two more dates were added to the due to popular demand for tickets.
Cher Lloyd : In July 2016, Lloyd released the single "Activated".
Cher Lloyd : In the following week, Lloyd performed "Girlfriend", followed by "Walk This Way".
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd revealed in an interview that she is a fan of Dolly Parton.
Cher Lloyd : In May 2018, they had their first child, daughter Delilah-Rae.
Cher Lloyd : On 19 October 2018, Lloyd released the single "None of My Business" along with the music video.
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd sang a rendition of "Just Be Good to Me" in the first of the live shows.
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd attended The Chase School, Malvern, and later Dyson Perrins High School, where she studied performing arts.mi She also attended the theater arts school Stagecoach.
Cher Lloyd : In January 2013, Lloyd announced that she would guest-star on "Big Time Rush."
Cher Lloyd : She auditioned singing the Keri Hilson version of "Turn My Swag On" by Soulja Boy.
Cher Lloyd : At the judges' houses, she performed "Cooler Than Me" but suffered from tonsillitis and was unable to complete the song.
Cher Lloyd : In January 2012, Lloyd announced her engagement to her boyfriend of less than a year, Craig Monk.
Cher Lloyd : "With Ur Love" also marks the highest-selling number-four single since Rihanna's "Only Girl (In the World)," which sold 74,248 copies in 2010.
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd released her debut studio album, "Sticks + Stones," on 4 November 2011.
Cher Lloyd : This was the first time Lloyd did not rap in her performance, and Cowell even called it "the performance of the series."
Cher Lloyd : Cher Lloyd was raised in Malvern, Worcestershire, with her parents Darren and Diane and her three younger siblings, Sophie, Josh, and Rosie.
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd signed to US record label Epic Records in 2011.
Cher Lloyd : Following the seventh series finale, she was signed to Syco Music.
Cher Lloyd : However, they agreed that she redeemed herself with her rendition of "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word" mixed with "Mockingbird", by Elton John and Eminem, respectively, in week 6.
Cher Lloyd : In December 2011, Lloyd signed a record deal with L.A. Reid to Epic Records in the United States; a solo version of "Want U Back" was confirmed as Lloyd's debut single in the US and the first one from the American and Australian release of "Sticks and Stones".
Cher Lloyd : In April 2013, Lloyd announced she and Ne-Yo were to collaborate on a new Fruttare song, "It's All Good," which premiered in June of that year.
Cher Lloyd : In November 2011, Lloyd announced her debut headlining UK tour, the Sticks and Stones Tour, which took place in March and April 2012.
Cher Lloyd : In May 2017, Lloyd announced that she had signed with ie:music.
Cher Lloyd : Following the release of "Sorry I'm Late", Lloyd was removed from Epic's website, leading to the suspicion that she had been dropped by the label.
Cher Lloyd : Lloyd was inspired by American rapper Nicki Minaj, who she said "changed pop music," adding that "no one was doing what she was doing, and then she came in and it was kind of one of those things where people were like, 'Whoa!
Cher Lloyd : In November 2013, during an interview with Larry King, Lloyd confirmed that she had left Syco Music after she and Cowell disagreed about her career path in music.
Cher Lloyd : Cher Lloyd (born 28 July 1993) is an English singer, songwriter and model.
Cher Lloyd : In the final, she performed a mashup of "The Clapping Song" and "Get Ur Freak On", followed by a duet with will.i.am, which was a mashup of "Where Is the Love?"
Cher Lloyd : Both performances were credited by the judges, and she was saved by the public vote the following night, securing her position in the semifinal.
Cher Lloyd : In week five, Lloyd sang "Empire State of Mind", but the judges stated that after the previous week they were disappointed.
Cher Lloyd : In the seventh week, Lloyd was in the bottom two for the first time after her rendition of "Imagine", but Cowell, Cole and Walsh all saved her in the final showdown.
Cher Lloyd : Her second single, "With Ur Love" featuring Mike Posner, was released on 31 October 2011, and peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart.
Cher Lloyd : In the semifinal, Lloyd performed "Nothin' on You" and "Love the Way You Lie" and was in the bottom two with Mary Byrne.
Cher Lloyd : In the third live show, she sang a mashup of "No Diggity" and "Shout", and in the fourth live show, she sang "Stay."
Cher Lloyd : On 13 December, a music video for "Dub on the Track," featuring underground artists Mic Righteous, Dot Rotten and Ghetts, who also all appear in the accompanying video, premiered on SBTV.
Kate Beckinsale : Her father was of one quarter Burmese descent.
Kate Beckinsale : She made three other films while at university.
Kate Beckinsale : I found it really depressing that we weren't making camp fires and everyone was doing stuff like that."
Kate Beckinsale : She has also promoted Lux shampoo in a Japanese television advertisement.
Kate Beckinsale : She has described herself as a "late bloomer": "All of my friends were kissing boys and drinking cider way before me.
Kate Beckinsale : The apology was issued after the actress filed a complaint with the Press Complaints Commission.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale has worked occasionally as a model.
Kate Beckinsale : She had a nervous breakdown and developed anorexia at the age of 15 and underwent Freudian psychoanalysis for four years.
Kate Beckinsale : She is the only child of actors Richard Beckinsale and Judy Loe.
Kate Beckinsale : The Commission found that "the photographs had been taken in a public place and did not reveal any private details about Lily—such as her health or schooling—but were restricted to general observations about her apparent reaction to her surroundings."
Kate Beckinsale : In 2001, the actress said she was "embarrassed" that Sheen never proposed, but felt as though she was married.
Kate Beckinsale : She was twice a winner of the WH Smith Young Writers Award for both fiction and poetry.
Kate Beckinsale : They met when cast in a touring production of "The Seagull" in early 1995 and moved in together shortly afterwards.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale was deeply traumatised by the loss and "started expecting bad things to happen."
Kate Beckinsale : In July 2003, the Press Complaints Commission dismissed a complaint filed by Beckinsale.
Kate Beckinsale : Their relationship ended in early 2003, after the filming of "Underworld".
Kate Beckinsale : She has also donated film memorabilia to the Epidermolysis Bullosa Medical Research Foundation, MediCinema, Habitat For Humanity and the Entertainment Industry Foundation.
Kate Beckinsale : In 1997, they voiced an audiobook production of "Romeo and Juliet".
Kate Beckinsale : She then decided to quit university to concentrate on her burgeoning acting career: "It was getting to the point where I wasn't enjoying either thing enough because both were very high pressure."
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale and Wiseman announced their separation in November 2015, and Wiseman filed for divorce in 2016, citing "irreconcilable differences".
Kate Beckinsale : Their daughter, Lily, was born in London in 1999.
Kate Beckinsale : The "Daily Express" had falsely reported that the actress was "facing heartbreak" after missing out on a part in a remake of "Barbarella".
Kate Beckinsale : She made her first television appearance at the age of four, in an episode of "This is Your Life" dedicated to her father.
Kate Beckinsale : Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside his four sons and daughter.
Kate Beckinsale : In 1997, she appeared in the music video for George Michael's "Waltz Away Dreaming".
Kate Beckinsale : They married on 9 May 2004 in Bel-Air, California.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale had an eight-year relationship with actor Michael Sheen from 1995 until 2003.
Kate Beckinsale : In 2009 Beckinsale was awarded £20,000 in damages by the British High Court after taking legal action against "Express Newspapers".
Kate Beckinsale : She has an older paternal half-sister, actress Samantha Beckinsale, but they are not in regular contact.
Kate Beckinsale : She appeared in a Diet Coke television advertisement in 2004, directed by Michael Gondry.
Kate Beckinsale : She starred opposite Orlando Bloom in a 2002 Gap television advertisement directed by Cameron Crowe.
Kate Beckinsale : The article was headlined "Mummy's latest love scene leaves Lily unimpressed" and included a picture in which her four-year-old daughter appeared to be ignoring her mother's romantic actions.
Kate Beckinsale : She advertised Absolut Vodka in a 2009 print campaign photographed by Ellen von Unwerth.
Kate Beckinsale : In 2008 she hosted the 4th Annual Pink Party to raise funds for the Women's Cancer Research Institute at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and organised a screening of "All About Eve" for FilmAid International.
Kate Beckinsale : Kathrin Romary Beckinsale was born on 26 July 1973, in Chiswick, Borough of Hounslow, London, England.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale persuaded Wiseman to cast Sheen in the film, but while on set, she and Wiseman fell in love.
Kate Beckinsale : In 2012 Beckinsale joined Nestlé's Share the Joy of Reading Program to raise awareness about the importance of people's literacy.
Kate Beckinsale : In August 2003, Beckinsale received a published apology from the "Daily Mail" after the newspaper reported that she had "spent time in a clinic" following her split from boyfriend Michael Sheen.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale was educated at Godolphin and Latymer School, an independent school for girls in Hammersmith, West London and was involved with the Orange Tree Youth Theatre.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale had claimed that the "Daily Mail" invaded her and her daughter's privacy by publishing photographs of the actress embracing and kissing her then new boyfriend Len Wiseman.
Kate Beckinsale : Beckinsale read French and Russian literature at New College, Oxford, and was later described by a contemporary, journalist Victoria Coren Mitchell, as "whip-clever, slightly nuts, and very charming".
Kate Beckinsale : In 1993, Beckinsale landed the role of Hero in Kenneth Branagh's big-screen adaptation of "Much Ado About Nothing".
Zsuzsa Bánk : She has received several literature prizes such as the Adelbert von Chamisso Prize in 2004.
Pilar Rahola : .-Mariona.
Pilar Rahola : She also participated in several committees of investigation, especially those related to political corruption such as the comisión Roldán.
Pilar Rahola : Rahola is married and has three children, two of them adopted: one from Barcelona, the others from Siberia.
Pilar Rahola : Rahola studied Spanish and Catalan Philology at the Universitat de Barcelona.
Pilar Rahola : In 2013 the Jewish National Fund planted a forest with 2,500 trees in her honor in Yatir, in the Negev.
Pilar Rahola : She has published several books in Spanish and Catalan, and she is a columnist at La Vanguardia in Spain, and collaborated with conservative newspapers like La Nación in Argentina, and Diario de América in the United States.
Pilar Rahola : As a politician, she was the only member of Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya in Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Barcelona Province in the 5th and 6th Spanish legislatures from 1993 to 2000, as well as serving as vice-mayor of Barcelona city.
Pilar Rahola : In 1996, Rahola left Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya to join Àngel Colom and Joan Laporta in a new political group, the "Partit per la Independència," but after this failed she decided to concentrate on journalism and writing.
Pilar Rahola : Since 2013 she is a member of the Catalonia's National Transition, official Committee of the Catalan government who works for a referendum on self-determination of Catalonia.
Pilar Rahola : Pilar Rahola i Martínez (; Barcelona, October 21, 1958) is a Spanish journalist, writer, and former politician and MP.
Pilar Rahola : .-In 2014, the Catalan Police Corps, the Mossos d'Esquadra, awarded it with the distinctive "Mossa d'Honor" .21 It is also distinguished by the distinction of the Forum Carlemany, a grouping of Catalan businessmen.
Pilar Rahola : .- In 2017 She won the Ramon Llull de les Lletres Catalanes prize, awarded by Planeta, the most important prize in Catalan literature, for her novel Rosa de Cendra
Rolf-Dieter Müller : Rolf-Dieter Müller (born 9 December 1948) is a German military historian and political scientist, who has served as Scientific Director of the German Armed Forces Military History Research Office since 1999.
Rolf-Dieter Müller : Müller, in cooperation with German journalist Rudibert Kunz, is known for being the first historian to write about the use of chemical weapons in the Rif War in a 1999 book titled "Giftgas Gegen Abd El Krim: Deutschland, Spanien und der Gaskrieg in Spanisch-Marokko, 1922-1927".
Mary Steenburgen : Steenburgen moved to Manhattan in 1972 after being selected by the Neighborhood Playhouse to study acting.
Mary Steenburgen : Mary Nell Steenburgen (born February 8, 1953) is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
Brenda Song : The settlement was announced in March 2009.
Brenda Song : In 2006, Song had a voice-over role in "".
Brenda Song : A few years following, Song began dating actor Macaulay Culkin.
Brenda Song : Song began in show business as a child fashion model in San Francisco after being spotted in a shopping mall by an agent from a modeling school.
Brenda Song : "TV Guide" listed her in its 2008 list of "13 Hottest Young Stars to Watch".
Brenda Song : The character is noted as one of the Disney Channel's longest continuous characters.
Brenda Song : A rep from Disney told "TMZ": "This is an unauthorized use of Brenda Song's image and her personal attorney has issued a cease and desist to the advertiser."
Brenda Song : In 2010, she was the celebrity endorser of the Walt Disney Company's Disney Cruise Line.
Brenda Song : In 2006, "CosmoGirl" named Song the "Queen of Disney", citing her major contributions on the Disney Channel.
Brenda Song : Song said: "As a role model to millions of young people, I feel I have to take a stand against this company in regard to its exploitation of my image."
Brenda Song : Song's first starring role as the title character was in the 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie "", which had over 5.7 million viewers at its premiere.
Brenda Song : After many commercials and television roles in the late 1990s, Song appeared in "The Ultimate Christmas Present" (2000), and won a Young Artist Award for her performance.
Brenda Song : In 2009, Song was featured in Celebuzz's "Rising Stars" list and was described as one of "young Hollywood's most promising rising stars".
Brenda Song : She started in show business as a child fashion model, and her early television work included roles in the television shows "Fudge" (1995) and "100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd" (1999).
Brenda Song : In 2005, Song began playing the lead female role of London Tipton in "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody," and later reprised the role on "The Suite Life on Deck".
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : She is the member of the Althing for the Reykjavík North constituency since 2007.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : in Icelandic Literature from the same university in 2004 for a thesis on the work of popular Icelandic crime writer Arnaldur Indriðason.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : Katrín Jakobsdóttir (pronounced ; born 1 February 1976) is an Icelandic politician serving as the 28th and current Prime Minister of Iceland since 2017.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : She graduated from the University of Iceland in 1999 with a bachelor degree with a major in Icelandic and minor in French.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : She opposes Iceland joining the European Union.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir : She opposes Iceland joining the European Union.
Tera Patrick : In April 2006, it was announced that she would host the Exxxotica Miami convention.
Tera Patrick : In an interview with the Adult Film Database in February 2007, Patrick stated she would only continue to work in front of the camera for two more years, but planned on releasing her starring adult titles over the next decade.
Tera Patrick : Patrick has appeared in "Playboy" and "Penthouse", where she was the "Pet of the Month" for February 2000 and was selected as "Pet of the Year" runner-up.
Tera Patrick : In 2006, Patrick and her then-husband, Evan Seinfeld, launched a talent agency representing models and actors.
Tera Patrick : At eighteen, she obtained a GED, briefly studied nursing at Boise State University, then received EMT certification from a local vocational school.
Tera Patrick : Her mother is Thai and her father is of English, Irish and Dutch descent.
Carole Bouquet : In 1990, she was awarded the César Award for Best Actress for her role in "Too Beautiful for You".
Carole Bouquet : She was the companion of producer Jean-Pierre Rassam with whom she had a son, Dimitri Rassam, also a producer.
Carole Bouquet : Her classic good looks won her a role as the Bond girl Melina Havelock in the 1981 film "For Your Eyes Only", but she also acted in a number of mainstream European films throughout the 1980s and continues to do so in France.
Carole Bouquet : Carole Bouquet (born 18 August 1957) is a French actress and fashion model, who has appeared in more than 50 films since 1977.
Mischa Barton : (1996–97).
Mischa Barton : In August 2003, Fox premiered the television series "The O.C.
Mischa Barton : Barton began acting at the age of eight, co-starring in the Off-Broadway premiere of the 1994 play, "Slavs!
Mischa Barton : She has since mainly filmed horror and thriller projects, taking roles in "The Sibling", "Cyberstalker", a Lifetime television film and "Apartment 1303 3D", the English-language remake of the Japanese horror film, "Apartment 1303".
Mischa Barton : Mischa Barton (born 24 January 1986) is a British-Irish-American film, television, and stage actress.
Gal Gadot : In Hebrew, her first name means "wave" and her surname means "riverbanks".
Gal Gadot : Her ancestry is Polish-Jewish, Austrian-Jewish, German-Jewish, and Czech-Jewish.
Gal Gadot : At age 18, she was crowned Miss Israel 2004.
Gal Gadot : Her parents are Irit (née Weiss), a teacher, and Michael Gadot, an engineer.
Gal Gadot : Gal Gadot was born in Petah Tikva, Israel, and raised in its neighbouring city of Rosh HaAyin.
Gal Gadot : Gadot completed her two mandatory years of service in the Israel Defense Forces, enlisted as a combat instructor.
Gal Gadot : She then served two years in the Israel Defense Forces as a fitness/combat readiness instructor, and she began studying law and international relations at IDC Herzliya college while building up her modeling and acting careers.
Gal Gadot : Although the part eluded her, a few months later, Gadot starred in the 2008 Israeli drama "Bubot".
Gal Gadot : Gadot says that her background helped her to win the role of Gisele in "Fast & Furious": "I think the main reason was that the director Justin Lin really liked that I was in the military, and he wanted to use my knowledge of weapons."
Gal Gadot : In 2007, 21-year-old Gadot was in the "Maxim" photo shoot, "Women of the IDF", and was then featured on the cover of the "New York Post".
Gal Gadot : Gal Gadot Varsano (, ; born 30 April 1985) is an Israeli actress and model.
Gal Gadot : Gadot's first international film role came as Gisele Yashar in "Fast & Furious" (2009), a role she reprised in subsequent installments of the film franchise.
Gal Gadot : She went on to earn worldwide fame for portraying Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe, beginning with "" (2016), followed by the solo film "Wonder Woman" and the ensemble "Justice League" (both 2017).
Maria del Mar Bonet : She arrived in Barcelona in 1967, where she began to sing with the group Els Setze Jutges.
Maria del Mar Bonet : In 1998 she toured abroad and collaborated with other well-known Spanish artists such as Amancio Prada, Loquillo, Jordi Sabatés and Rosa Vergés.
Maria del Mar Bonet : Maria del Mar Bonet i Verdaguer ( ; born 1947 in Palma, Majorca) is a Balearic singer from the island of Majorca.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca, (born 7 December 1958) is a Maltese politician who served as the 9th President of Malta from 2014 to 2019.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : Coleiro Preca is the youngest person to assume the office of President, sworn in at the age of 55, and is the second woman to hold the post after Agatha Barbara.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : In the 2008 general election she was the first elected MP.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : Born in Qormi, Coleiro Preca studied at the University of Malta where she graduated with a BA in Legal and Humanistic Studies (International Studies) and a notary public diploma.
Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca : Succeeding George Abela, she was sworn in as President on 4 April 2014.
Odette Annable : She gave birth to a daughter in September 2015.
Odette Annable : Annable was born in Los Angeles, California to a Colombian father and Cuban mother.
Odette Annable : She graduated from Woodcrest Christian High School in Riverside, California.
Odette Annable : She later starred in the TV series "South Beach" and "October Road".
Joely Richardson : In 1983, she graduated from the Thacher School in Ojai, California, then returned to London to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Joely Richardson : Joely appeared as an extra at the age of three in the 1968 version of "The Charge of the Light Brigade", directed by her father.
Joely Richardson : Her mother, Vanessa Redgrave, appeared in several episodes, playing her character's mother.
Joely Richardson : The next year, she played in the science fiction horror film "Event Horizon" as Lieutenant Starck, executive officer of the research and rescue ship "Lewis and Clark", sent to rescue crew of the long-lost experimental ship "Event Horizon".
Joely Richardson : In 1993, Richardson appeared in the BBC's "Lady Chatterley" opposite Sean Bean.
Joely Richardson : A year later she appeared in "Shining Through" alongside her future brother-in-law, Liam Neeson, with both actors playing Nazis.
Joely Richardson : In 2005, Richardson starred in "Lies My Mother Told Me", based on a true story about a murderous con artist.
Joely Richardson : Joely Kim Richardson was born in North London, London, to the theatrical Redgrave family, the daughter of actress Vanessa Redgrave and director Tony Richardson, and the granddaughter of actors Sir Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson, Lady Redgrave.
Joely Richardson : In 2003, Richardson took on the role of Julia McNamara in the television drama "Nip/Tuck", based on the lives of two plastic surgeons in Miami.
Joely Richardson : One year later, Richardson appeared opposite Mel Gibson in the film "The Patriot", an American film set in the American Revolution.
Joely Richardson : In 1996, she played fashion designer Anita Campbell-Green in the Disney live-action remake of the animated "101 Dalmatians" opposite Glenn Close as Cruella de Vil.
Sofia Helin : She has two children: a son, Ossian, aged and a daughter, Nike, aged .
Sofia Helin : Sofia Helin was born in Hovsta in Örebro, Närke.
Sofia Helin : From 1994-1996, she went to Calle Flygares theatre school and graduated from the Stockholm Theatre Academy in 2001.
Sofia Helin : In 2004, she took the leading role of Mia in "Masjävlar", and she was nominated for a Guldbagge award.
Sofia Helin : Helin is married to Daniel Götschenhjelm, a priest in the Church of Sweden and former actor whom she met at drama school.
Sofia Helin : Her films include "At Point Blank" ("Rånarna") (2003) playing the leading role of Chief Inspector Klara.
Sofia Helin : Followed by, in 2007, the leading role of Cecilia Algottsdotter in "Arn", an adaptation of Jan Guillou's "The Knight Templar", about Arn Magnusson.
Sofia Helin : Since 2012, she has become famous outside Sweden as a result of the successful crime drama series, "The Bridge", in which she played Saga Norén, the homicide detective from Malmö.<ref name="love/hate"></ref> In the UK, the series attracted more than a million viewers per episode and she has been called a role model for women with Asperger syndrome.
Emma Bunton : On 26 January 2007, she announced her pregnancy.
Emma Bunton : The song was released as a single on 11 November 2012.
Emma Bunton : The album spawned the UK and New Zealand number-one single "What Took You So Long?
Emma Bunton : Her parents, Pauline, a karate instructor, and Trevor Bunton, a milkman, split up when she was 11, after which she stayed with her mother.
Emma Bunton : Emma Lee Bunton was born in Finchley, North London.
Emma Bunton : In 1998, she began dating British singer Jade Jones, but they split for the first time in May 1999.
Emma Bunton : The album sold 125,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
Emma Bunton : On 6 May 2011, her second son Tate Lee Jones was born.
Emma Bunton : From 2003 to 2012 Bunton had a recurring role on the BBC comedy series "Absolutely Fabulous".
Emma Bunton : Her first child, Beau Lee Jones, was born on 10 August 2007.
Emma Bunton : ", as well as the top five singles "What I Am" and "Take My Breath Away" and the top 20 single "We're Not Gonna Sleep Tonight".
Emma Bunton : She is a member of the girl group the Spice Girls formed in the 1990s, and in which Bunton was nicknamed Baby Spice.
Emma Bunton : Although the girls were not to star in the show themselves, they were to influence the show's cast and production choices in a story which uses their music but bears no relation to their personal story; similar to that of ABBA's music in "Mamma Mia!
Emma Bunton : Bunton's second studio album, "Free Me", was released in February 2004 through 19 Entertainment.
Emma Bunton : Bunton also worked with fellow Spice Girl Melanie C on her 2012 album, "Stages" for the album track "I Know Him So Well".
Emma Bunton : Their performance was the most tweeted moment of Olympics closing ceremony with over 116,000 tweets on Twitter per minute.
Emma Bunton : In 1993, Bunton appeared in the ITV police drama, "The Bill", and also made a brief appearance as a prostitute in the BBC drama series "To Play the King".
Emma Bunton : Emma Lee Bunton (born 21 January 1976) is an English singer, songwriter, actress, and radio and television presenter.
Emma Bunton : The poor sales led to Bunton losing her contract with Virgin in 2002.
Emma Bunton : In 1994, Melanie C (Chisholm), Mel B (Brown), Geri Halliwell, and Victoria Beckham responded to an advertisement in "The Stage" magazine.
Emma Bunton : On 13 November 2006, Bunton released the charity single for the BBC Children in Need appeal, recording Petula Clark's 1960s song "Downtown".
Emma Bunton : In October 2006, Bunton was a contestant in the BBC programme "Strictly Come Dancing", partnered by Darren Bennett.
Emma Bunton : Other successful releases followed, including "Say You'll Be There" and "2 Become 1" from "Spice", and "Spice Up Your Life", "Too Much" and "Viva Forever" from "Spiceworld".
Emma Bunton : After the release of her third studio album, "Life in Mono", Bunton reunited with the Spice Girls in 2007 for an international tour and greatest hits album.
Emma Bunton : On 8 July 1996, the Spice Girls released their debut single "Wannabe" in the United Kingdom.
Emma Bunton : After parting ways with Virgin, Bunton signed a new deal with 19 Recordings, run by former Spice Girls' manager Simon Fuller, to release her second album, "Free Me", on 9 February 2004.
Emma Bunton : She performed at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony on 12 August 2012 with The Spice Girls.
Emma Bunton : On 26 June 2012, all five Spice Girls were in attendance at a press conference in London to promote the launch of "Viva Forever: The Musical".
Emma Bunton : Judy Craymer teamed up with the Spice Girls and Simon Fuller and began to develop a Spice Girls musical entitled "Viva Forever".
Emma Bunton : On 7 September 2001, "A Girl Like Me" was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales in excess of 100,000 copies, ultimately becoming the 147th best-selling album in the United Kingdom for 2001.
Emma Bunton : Bunton's debut solo album, "A Girl Like Me", released in the United Kingdom on 16 April 2001 by Virgin Records.
Emma Bunton : The album debuted and peaked at number four on the UK Albums Chart.
Julia Butterfly Hill : She said:
Julia Butterfly Hill : Julia is the middle child.
Julia Butterfly Hill : The $50,000 Earth First!
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill was later deported from Ecuador.
Julia Butterfly Hill : As of spring 2007, the tree was doing well with new growth each year.
Julia Butterfly Hill : The steering wheel of the car penetrated Hill's skull.
Julia Butterfly Hill : In August 1996, at age 22, Hill suffered a near-fatal car crash.
Julia Butterfly Hill : In an April 2009 interview, Hill pondered what would come next for her:
Julia Butterfly Hill : In exchange, Hill agreed to vacate the tree.
Julia Butterfly Hill : "The cloud forest is stunning," said Hill.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Soon, Hill was actively supported by Earth First!, among other organizations, and by volunteers.
Julia Butterfly Hill : But the environmental destruction we saw along the pipelines that had already been built was horrendous."
Julia Butterfly Hill : It took almost a year of intensive therapy before she regained the ability to speak and walk normally.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Luna's trunk was her sidewalk and exercise treadmill.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill's father was a traveling minister who went from town to town, bringing his family with him.
Julia Butterfly Hill : For meals, Hill used a single-burner propane stove.
Julia Butterfly Hill : While traveling with her family, Hill often explored rivers by campgrounds.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Vandals later cut the tree with a chainsaw.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Originally, Hill was not officially affiliated with any environmental organization, deciding by herself to undertake civil disobedience.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill learned many survival skills while living in Luna, such as "seldom washing the soles of her feet, because the sap helped her feet stick to the branches better."
Julia Butterfly Hill : To keep warm, Hill wrapped herself tight in a sleeping bag, leaving only a small hole for breathing.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill lived on two platforms for 738 days.
Julia Butterfly Hill : In addition, the $50,000 that Hill and other activists raised during the cause was given to the logging company, as stipulated by the resolution.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Observers at the scene said the cut measured deep and around the base, somewhat less than half the circumference of the tree.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Caretakers routinely climb the tree to check its condition and to maintain the steel guywires.
Julia Butterfly Hill : In 2006, Hill protested the sale of the South Central Farm in an attempt to save the farm from developers.
Julia Butterfly Hill : When Hill was in middle school, her family stopped traveling and settled in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Julia Butterfly Hill : When Hill was seven years old, she and her family were taking a hike one day when a butterfly landed on her finger and stayed with her for the duration of the hike.
Julia Butterfly Hill : "It's this deep, lush green, spangled with explosions of red, yellow and purple from the flowers, birds and insects.
Julia Butterfly Hill : She is the author of the 2000 book "The Legacy of Luna" and co-author of "One Makes the Difference".
Julia Butterfly Hill : The gash was treated with a herbal remedy, and the tree was stabilized with steel cables.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill used solar-powered cell phones for radio interviews, became an "in-tree" correspondent for a cable television show, and hosted TV crews to protest old-growth clear cutting.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Ecuadorian President Gustavo Noboa commented: "The little "gringos" have been arrested, including the old cockatoo who climbs trees."
Julia Butterfly Hill : She is best known for having lived in a -tall, roughly 1500-year-old California redwood tree for 738 days between December 10, 1997 and December 18, 1999.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill lived in the tree, affectionately known as Luna, to prevent Pacific Lumber Company loggers from cutting it down.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Until she was about ten years old, Hill lived in a camper with her father Dale, mother Kathy, and brothers Mike and Dan.
Julia Butterfly Hill : paid to Pacific Lumber was then donated to Humboldt State University as part of the agreement for research into sustainable forestry.
Julia Butterfly Hill : On December 10, 1998, a benefit concert was played at the Mateel Community Center in Redway, California, during Julia's "tree sit".
Julia Butterfly Hill : A resolution was reached in 1999 when the Pacific Lumber Company agreed to preserve Luna and all trees within a buffer zone.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Throughout her ordeal, Hill weathered freezing rains and winds from El Niño, helicopter harassment, a ten-day siege by company security guards, and attempted intimidation by angry loggers.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Julia Lorraine Hill (known as Julia "Butterfly" Hill, born February 18, 1974) is an American environmental activist and tax redirection advocate.
Julia Butterfly Hill : On July 16, 2002, Hill was jailed in Quito, Ecuador, outside the offices of Occidental Petroleum, for protesting a proposed oil pipeline that would penetrate a virgin Andean cloud forest that teems with rare birds.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Hill embarked on a spiritual quest afterwards, leading her to the environmental cause opposed to the destruction of the redwood forests in Humboldt County, California.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Since her tree sit, Hill has become a motivational speaker (holding some 250 events a year), a best-selling author, and the co-founder of the Circle of Life Foundation (which helped organize We The Planet, an eco-friendly music tour) and the Engage Network, a nonprofit that trains small groups of civic leaders to work toward social change.
Julia Butterfly Hill : Julia took part in the event, reading her poem "Luna" via telephone while the Mickey Hart Band was performing "The Dancing Sorcerer".
Julia Butterfly Hill : Artists performing were Bob Weir and Mark Karan as an acoustic duet, the Steve Kimock Band, and the Mickey Hart Band.
Julia Butterfly Hill : The twelfth-season episode of "The Simpsons" called "Lisa the Tree Hugger" was conceived when writer Matt Selman heard a news story about Hill.
Julia Butterfly Hill : A film adaptation of "The Legacy of Luna", to be directed by Laurie Collyer and star Rachel Weisz, became stuck in development hell, although Weisz actively worked towards getting the project off the ground.
Margaret Atwood : Atwood realized she wanted to write professionally when she was 16.
Margaret Atwood : The family returned to Toronto in 1980.
Margaret Atwood : In 1968, Atwood married Jim Polk, an American writer; they divorced in 1973.
Margaret Atwood : In 2000 Atwood published her tenth novel, "The Blind Assassin", to critical acclaim, winning both the Booker Prize and the Hammett Prize in 2000.
Margaret Atwood : She graduated in 1961 with a Bachelor of Arts in English (honours) and minors in philosophy and French.
Margaret Atwood : She attended Leaside High School in Leaside, Toronto, and graduated in 1957.
Margaret Atwood : Because of her father's research in forest entomology, Atwood spent much of her childhood in the backwoods of northern Quebec, and travelling back and forth between Ottawa, Sault Ste.
Margaret Atwood : While continuing to write, Atwood was a lecturer in English at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, from 1964 to 1965, Instructor in English at the Sir George Williams University in Montreal from 1967 to 1968, and taught at the University of Alberta from 1969 to 1970.
Margaret Atwood : Atwood was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, the second of three children of Carl Edmund Atwood, an entomologist, and Margaret Dorothy (née Killam), a former dietician and nutritionist from Woodville, Nova Scotia.
Margaret Atwood : She became a voracious reader of literature, Dell pocketbook mysteries, "Grimms' Fairy Tales", Canadian animal stories, and comic books.
Margaret Atwood : Margaret Eleanor Atwood (born November 18, 1939) is a Canadian poet, novelist, literary critic, essayist, inventor, teacher, and environmental activist.
Margaret Atwood : She formed a relationship with fellow novelist Graeme Gibson soon afterward and moved to a farm near Alliston, Ontario, where their daughter, Eleanor Jess Atwood Gibson, was born in 1976.
Margaret Atwood : In 1961, Atwood began graduate studies at Radcliffe College of Harvard University, with a Woodrow Wilson fellowship.
Sandra Faber : In 1972, Faber joined the faculty of the Lick Observatory at University of California, Santa Cruz, becoming the first woman on staff.
Sandra Faber : In 1983, she published original research showing that dark matter was not composed of fast-moving neutrinos ("hot dark matter") and that instead, it was likely composed of slow-moving particles yet to be discovered ("cold dark matter").
Sandra Faber : Faber studied at Swarthmore College, majoring in Physics and minoring in Mathematics and Astronomy.
Sandra Faber : Sandra Moore Faber (born December 28, 1944) is an astrophysicist known for her research on the evolution of galaxies.
Sandra Faber : She has also joined up with other scientists to create the CANDELS project, which is the largest survey of the universe taken by the Hubble Telescope.
Annette Bening : In 1965, her father took a job with a company in San Diego, California, and they moved there.
Annette Bening : Bening married Warren Beatty on March 3, 1992.
Annette Bening : In 1995, Bening played the female lead in "The American President", with Michael Douglas, a role she followed with Tim Burton's sci-fi spoof "Mars Attacks!"
Annette Bening : Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress.
Nadia Comăneci : She has lived in the United States since 1989, when she defected from Romania before its revolution.
Nadia Comăneci : She returned to Romania for their 1996 wedding, which was held in Bucharest.
Nadia Comăneci : She was one of the first students at the gymnastics school established in Onești by Béla and his wife, Márta.
Nadia Comăneci : She had started thinking about retiring a few years earlier, but her official retirement ceremony took place in Bucharest in 1984.
Nadia Comăneci : During this competition, Comăneci met American gymnast Bart Conner for the first time.
Nadia Comăneci : Nadia Elena Comăneci (, ; ; born November 12, 1961) is a Romanian retired gymnast and a five-time Olympic gold medalist, all in individual events.
Nadia Comăneci : She and Conner own the Bart Conner Gymnastics Academy, the Perfect 10 Production Company, and several sports equipment shops, and are the editors of "International Gymnast Magazine".
Nadia Comăneci : In 2000, she was named as one of the Athletes of the 20th Century by the Laureus World Sports Academy.
Nadia Comăneci : Comăneci's first major international success came at the age of 13, when she nearly swept the 1975 European Women's Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Skien, Norway.
Nadia Comăneci : Comăneci is a well-known figure in the world of gymnastics; she serves as the honorary president of the Romanian Gymnastics Federation, the honorary president of the Romanian Olympic Committee, the sports ambassador of Romania, and as a member of the International Gymnastics Federation Foundation.
Glenda Jackson : In 1978, Jackson was awarded a CBE.
Glenda Jackson : Her film debut was a bit part in "This Sporting Life" (1963).
Glenda Jackson : Following a period as shadow minister for transport, following the 1997 general election, she was appointed as parliamentary under secretary of state (a junior minister) in the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair, with responsibility for London Transport, a post from which she resigned in 1999 before an unsuccessful attempt to be nominated as the Labour Party candidate for the election of the first Mayor of London in 2000.
Glenda Jackson : Glenda May Jackson (born 9 May 1936) is an English actress and politician.
Glenda Jackson : In order to play Queen Elizabeth I in the BBC's serial "Elizabeth R" (1971), Jackson had her head shaved.
Derartu Tulu : The 1996 season was a difficult year for her.
Derartu Tulu : In 1998 she gave birth to a daughter, Tsion, but came back in 2000 in the best shape of her life.
Derartu Tulu : She also won the IAAF World Cross Country Championships title for the third time.
Derartu Tulu : At the IAAF World Cross Country Championships Derartu lost her shoe in the race and had to fight back to get fourth place.
Derartu Tulu : The same year she lost out to Fernanda Ribeiro and won silver at the World Championships 10,000.
Derartu Tulu : She also finished fourth at the Olympic Games, where she was nursing an injury.
Derartu Tulu : Derartu grew up tending cattle in the village of Bekoji in the highlands of Arsi Province, the same village as Kenenisa Bekele.
Derartu Tulu : She finished fourth at the 2005 World Championships, setting her personal best time of 2:23:30.
Derartu Tulu : Derartu Tulu (Amharic: ደራርቱ ቱሉ; Afaan Oromo: Daraartuu Tulluu; born March 21, 1972) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, who competed in track, cross country running, and road running up to the marathon distance.
Ashlyn Gere : For her adult film work, Gere is an inductee into the AVN and XRCO Halls of Fame.
Ashlyn Gere : She graduated from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and double majored in Theatre Arts and Communications.
Ashlyn Gere : Ashlyn Gere (born September 14, 1959) is an American former pornographic actress who performed in both heterosexual and lesbian films and also an actress in mainstream film and television.
Ashlyn Gere : In the 1980s Gere appeared in several B movies, such as 1987's "Creepozoids", in which she plays the character "Kate".
Ashlyn Gere : She acted under the name Kimberly Patton in the television series "" from 1995 to 1996; she also appeared under that name in episodes of "Silk Stalkings" and "Millennium".
Rita Marley : Rita has six children, three from other relationships and three with Bob.
Rita Marley : She grew up in the upper level of Beachwood Avenue, located in Kingston, Jamaica.
Rita Marley : Alpharita Constantia "Rita" Marley, OD (née Anderson; born 25 July 1946), is a Cuban-born Jamaican singer and the widow of Bob Marley.
Rita Marley : After Marley's death, she recorded a few albums under her name with some success in the UK.
Evelyn Boyd Granville : In 1989, she was awarded an honorary doctorate by Smith College, the first one given by an American institution to an African-American woman mathematician.
Evelyn Boyd Granville : She married realtor Edward V. Granville in 1970.
Evelyn Boyd Granville : After, in 1950, she took a teaching position at Fisk University, a college for black students in Nashville, Tennessee (more prestigious postings being unavailable to black women).
Evelyn Boyd Granville : After retiring from CSULA in 1984 she taught at Texas College in Tyler, Texas for four years, and then in 1990 joined the faculty of the University of Texas at Tyler as the Sam A. Lindsey Professor of mathematics.
Evelyn Boyd Granville : In 1960, after marrying Reverend G. Mansfield Collins, Boyd moved to Los Angeles.
Karin Lindberg : She competed at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics and won a gold and a silver medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus", in 1952 and 1956, respectively.
Rita Kőbán : Rita Kőbán (born 10 April 1965) is a Hungarian sprint canoer.
Rita Kőbán : She competed at the 1988, 1992, 1996 and 2000 Olympics and won six medals, with two golds (1992: K-4 500 m, 1996: K-1 500 m), three silvers (1988: K-4 500 m, 1992: K-1 500 m, 2000: K-4 500 m), and one bronze (1992: K-2 500 m).
Madison Keys : Keys has said that she looks up to Roger Federer because of his class and his positive attitude on the court.
Madison Keys : Her parents Rick and Christine are both attorneys, and her father was also a Division III All-American college basketball player at Augustana College.
Madison Keys : Madison Keys (born February 17, 1995) is an American professional tennis player.
Madison Keys : During her early years, Keys played mostly on the ITF Circuit, where she won three titles in singles and one in doubles.
Evelyn Ashford : She was inducted into the UCLA Athletics Hall of Fame in 1990.
Evelyn Ashford : Evelyn Ashford (born April 15, 1957 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is an American retired track and field athlete, the 1984 Olympic champion in the 100-meter dash.
Evelyn Ashford : As a 19-year-old, Ashford finished 5th in the 100 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Libby Trickett : On 14 December 2009 she retired from swimming at the age of 24.
Eve Myles : Eve Myles (born 26 July 1978) is a Welsh actress from Ystradgynlais.
Eve Myles : In June 2010, Myles was honoured with a fellowship from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama.
Eve Myles : Myles also appeared in the first episode of "Merlin", called "The Dragon's Call" where she played Lady Helen of Mora and Mary Collins, a witch who impersonated her.
Eve Myles : She graduated from the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama in 2000.
Eve Myles : Later that year, she began portraying Ceri Lewis in the BBC drama series "Belonging", a role she would play until the end of the series in 2009.
Julia Ann : Ann married adult film director Michael Raven on June 21, 2003, divorcing in 2007.
Julia Ann : She was under contract to Wicked Pictures in 2006, but in May 2007 she posted on the members section of her website that she had not renewed her contract with Wicked.
Julia Ann : Julia Ann debuted in adult films in 1993 in Andrew Blake's "Hidden Obsessions", in a lesbian sex scene with Lindemulder.
Julia Ann : At age 12 she moved to Idyllwild, California, where she attended a college-prep school before moving back to Los Angeles to live with her grandmother at age 17.
Julia Ann : Julia Ann (born October 8, 1969) is an American pornographic actress and feature dancer.
Jill Thompson : Both were animated using CGI.
Jill Thompson : With Mainframe Entertainment:
Jill Thompson : Eisner Awards:
Jill Thompson : She performed for four years with the Cleveland Improv Troupe.
Jill Thompson : Actor, "Aunt Lindsay":
Jill Thompson : She was nominated for Lulu of the Year in 1998 and won in 1999.
Jill Thompson : National Cartoonists Society Award
Jill Thompson : Created by, written and illustrated by Thompson:
Jill Thompson : Adaptation/ co-writer, art director, set designer:
Jill Thompson : She has since written and illustrated several stories featuring the Sandman characters.
Jill Thompson : Thompson did scripting for the project and maintained a measure of creative control.
Jill Thompson : Alex Ross used her likeness for the character Duela Dent in "Kingdom Come".
Jill Thompson : Thompson is an avid gardener and holds a Master Gardener Certificate from the Chicago-based Extension program.
Jill Thompson : In 2011 the National Cartoonist Society named her Best Comic Book Artist for "Beasts of Burden".
Jill Thompson : Thompson designs the ring attire for WWE wrestler Daniel Bryan.
Jill Thompson : Her likeness has been used by P. Craig Russell in his graphic novel "The Magic Flute", and many other works by Russell.
Jill Thompson : In 2015, Thompson was ranked fourth in the "Top 50 Female Comic Book Artists" poll conducted by Comic Book Resources.
Jill Thompson : Thompson attended The American Academy of Art in Chicago, graduating in 1987 with a degree in Illustration and Watercolor.
Jill Thompson : She became the artist of DC Comics' "Wonder Woman" series in 1990.
Jill Thompson : Thompson studied improvisation comedy at Chicago's The Players Workshop and The Second City Training Center.
Jill Thompson : She was also interviewed for the film "She Makes Comics", a documentary about the history of women in the comics industry.
Jill Thompson : Jill Thompson (born November 20, 1966) is an American illustrator and writer who has worked for stage, film, and television.
Jill Thompson : Within this tale she created the characters Li'l Death and Li'l Morpheus, childlike versions of two of the Endless based on classic comic characters Sugar and Spike.
Jill Thompson : Well known for her work on Neil Gaiman's "The Sandman" characters and her own "Scary Godmother" series, she has worked on "The Invisibles", "Swamp Thing", and "Wonder Woman" as well.
Jill Thompson : Her work on the "Chalk Drawings" story in "Wonder Woman" #46 (Sept. 1990) drew praise from writer George Pérez who stated "It was a good, quiet story, and I think Jill and I worked really well together on that one."
Jill Thompson : Jill Thompson began her comics career working for such publishers as First Comics and Now Comics in the 1980s.
Jill Thompson : In 2005 Thompson wrote and illustrated the "Dead Boy Detectives", an original graphic novel based on two minor characters from "Season of Mists".
Jill Thompson : In 2003, the merchandising rights to Scary Godmother reverted to Thompson, allowing her to proceed with plans to create a Scary Godmother fashion doll for which she promoted a successful Kickstarter campaign.
Jill Thompson : Thompson illustrated the "" story arc in "The Sandman" issues #41–49, and the story "The Parliament of Rooks" in issue #40 (part of the "" collection).
Jill Thompson : Thompson was a body model for other comics artists, and uses herself as the basis for several characters in her work, most notably as the original model for Scary Godmother.
Jill Thompson : These include the manga-style book "", one of DC's best selling books of 2003, set during the events of "", and "The Little Endless Storybook", a children's book using childlike versions of the Endless.
Jill Thompson : The books spawned two television specials: "Scary Godmother Halloween Spooktacular", which aired in foreign countries in 2003 before being picked up by Cartoon Network in 2004.
Jill Thompson : Thompson is a featured interview in the film "", a documentary about "The Lord of the Rings" fandom.
Jill Thompson : In a 2012 interview, she said,"For his "" story "Hothouse", I was this evil doctor, or someone who was manipulating Poison Ivy...He used me for operas and things, like Brunhilda and "Ring of the Nibelung"."
Jill Thompson : Thompson created the comic book series "Scary Godmother", originally published by Sirius Entertainment and later by Dark Horse Comics.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce : Fraser-Pryce is the only sprinter to be crowned world champion over 100 m four times (2009, 2013, 2015 and 2019).
Jo Walton : She won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in 2002 and the World Fantasy award for her novel "Tooth and Claw" in 2004.
Vera Farmiga : She did not learn English until she started kindergarten at age six.
Vera Farmiga : Farmiga won a Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her role in "Down to the Bone" (2004).
Vera Farmiga : Farmiga was born on August 6, 1973, in Clifton, New Jersey.
Vera Farmiga : Vera Ann Farmiga (; born August 6, 1973) is an American actress and producer.
Margaret Burbidge : At UCSD she also helped develop the Faint Object Spectrograph in 1990 for the Hubble Space Telescope.
Margaret Burbidge : Based on experimentation and observational data initiated by Margaret and Geoffrey Burbidge, the team produced a hypothesis that all chemical elements might be synthesized in stars by nuclear reaction (known now as stellar nucleosynthesis).
Margaret Burbidge : In 1972 she became director of the Royal Greenwich Observatory.
Margaret Burbidge : At the University of California San Diego, she served as its first director of the Center for Astrophysics and Space Science.
Patti LuPone : LuPone is of Italian descent, and from a Catholic family.
Patti LuPone : In 1972, LuPone became one of the original members of "The Acting Company", formed by John Houseman.
Patti LuPone : Also in 2016, she began appearing in "Steven Universe" as the voice of Yellow Diamond.
Patti LuPone : She made her Broadway debut in the play "The Three Sisters" as Irina in 1973.
Patti LuPone : LuPone was part of the first graduating class of Juilliard's Drama Division (1968–1972: "Group 1"), which also included actors Kevin Kline and David Ogden Stiers.
Patti LuPone : LuPone played Libby Thatcher on the television drama "Life Goes On", which ran on ABC from 1989 to 1993.
Patti LuPone : Among LuPone's film credits are "Fighting Back", "Witness", "Steven Universe The Movie", "Just Looking", "The Victim", "Summer of Sam", "Driving Miss Daisy", "King of the Gypsies", "1941", "Wise Guys", Nancy Savoca's "The 24 Hour Woman" and Savoca's "Union Square" (in post-production, late 2010), "Family Prayers", and "City by the Sea".
Patti LuPone : Patti Ann LuPone (born April 21, 1949) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals.
Patti LuPone : She returned to Broadway in October 2005 to star as Mrs. Lovett in John Doyle's new Broadway production of "Sweeney Todd".
Patti LuPone : LuPone appeared as herself in the season two finale of the television series "Glee".
Patti LuPone : On February 10, 2007, LuPone starred with Audra McDonald in the Los Angeles Opera production of Kurt Weill's opera "Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny" directed by John Doyle.
Patti LuPone : Since 1977, LuPone has been a frequent collaborator with David Mamet, appearing in his plays "The Woods", "All Men are Whores", "The Blue Hour", "The Water Engine" (1978), "Edmond" and "The Old Neighborhood" (1997).
Patti LuPone : She won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her role as Eva Perón in the 1979 original Broadway production of "Evita".
Lorena Guréndez : Lorena Guréndez García (born 7 May 1981 in Vitoria) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion.
Lorena Guréndez : She competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, and won a gold medal with the Spanish group.
Lorena Guréndez : The team was formed by Lorena, Estela Giménez, Marta Baldó, Nuria Cabanillas, Estíbaliz Martínez and Tania Lamarca.
Bonnie Blair : She also was Female Athlete of the Year as selected by the Associated Press in 1994.
Bonnie Blair : She became the first American woman to win five gold Olympic medals and the first American Winter Olympian to win six career medals.
Bonnie Blair : Thus, the next Winter Games would be held in February 1994.
Bonnie Blair : She moved to the Milwaukee area to train with the United States national speed skating team, living with a family friend while she trained.
Bonnie Blair : She failed to medal and finished eighth in the 500 meters.
Bonnie Blair : Blair was born in Cornwall, New York to Charlie and Eleanor Blair.
Bonnie Blair : In 1986, the International Olympic Committee voted to stage the Winter Olympics and Summer Olympics in alternating four year cycles.
Bonnie Blair : Later that year, Blair appeared at her first Olympic games at age 19 in Sarajevo.
Bonnie Blair : After the 1994 Olympics, Blair continued to compete.
Bonnie Blair : On March 18, 1995, she retired.
Bonnie Blair : Blair won the 1992 Oscar Mathisen Award (being the first female winner of this award).
Bonnie Blair : Bonnie Kathleen Blair (born March 18, 1964) is an American retired speed skater.
Bonnie Blair : Blair competed for the United States in four Olympics, winning five gold medals and one bronze medal.
Bonnie Blair : Her 1.38 second margin in the 1,000 meters race is the largest margin of victory in the history of the event.
Katarina Frostenson : Alma Katarina Frostenson Arnault (born 5 March 1953 in Stockholm) is a Swedish poet and writer.
Katarina Frostenson : Her many honors include the Great Prize of the Society of Nine (1989), the Bellman Prize (1994), the Swedish Radio Prize for Lyrical Poetry (1996), the Erik Lindegren Prize (2004), the Ekelöf Prize (2007), the Nordic Council Literature Prize (2016) and the Litteris et Artibus medal (2007).
Candida Höfer : Along with Thomas Ruff, she was one of the first of Becher’s students to use color, showing her work as slide projections.
Candida Höfer : Candida Höfer was born in 1944 in Eberswalde, Province of Brandenburg.
Candida Höfer : Höfer began taking color photographs of interiors of public buildings, such as offices, banks, and waiting rooms, in 1979.
Candida Höfer : She later attended the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf from 1973 to 1982, where she studied film under Ole John and, from 1976, photography under Bernd Becher.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She has been involved with various organisations.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She has attended at least one Bilderberg Group meeting on 8–11 June 1995.
Ritt Bjerregaard : In her spare time, she is a gardener in her organically-managed manor, mostly growing apples.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She has been married to historian Søren Mørch since 1966.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She was a minister of various cabinets under Anker Jørgensen, and Poul Nyrup Rasmussen.
Ritt Bjerregaard : After getting her teachers' certificate in 1964 from Emdrupborg, she worked as a folkeskole (primary school) teacher until 1970.
Ritt Bjerregaard : Ritt Bjerregaard (full name Jytte Ritt Bjerregaard, born 19 May 1941) is a former Danish politician.
Ritt Bjerregaard : In 1971 she was elected to the Odense City Council where she served just one term and resigned in 1973.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She was a member of the Danish parliament (Folketinget) from 21 September 1971 to 22 January 1995 and from 20 November 2001 until 8 February 2005.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She was vice-president of both OSCE's Parliamentary Assembly and Socialist International Women (SIW) from 1992 to 1994.
Ritt Bjerregaard : In 1971, she became assistant professor at Odense College of Education.
Ritt Bjerregaard : Bjerregaard won the election for Lord Mayor of Copenhagen for the Social Democrats on 16 November 2005, a position she acquired through a high number of personal votes.
Ritt Bjerregaard : She is a member of the Danish Social Democrats, and was Lord Mayor of Copenhagen from 1 January 2006 to 2010.
Yvonne Strahovski : Six months later, she moved to the United States.
Yvonne Strahovski : Her father is an electronic engineer, and her mother is a lab technician.
Yvonne Strahovski : In March 2012, she was featured in a new SoBe Life commercial.
Yvonne Strahovski : In November 2011, Strahovski was cast as the female lead in "I, Frankenstein" (2014).
Yvonne Strahovski : She reprised her role as Hannah McKay in the eighth season of "Dexter".
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski started acting during her schooling years when she played Viola in the school production of "Twelfth Night".
Yvonne Strahovski : Although she portrays an American in the series, she briefly spoke in a "Hollywood" Australian accent in the episode "Chuck Versus the Ex".
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski is a supporter of PETA and appeared in an ad for their "Adopt, Don't Buy" campaign.
Yvonne Strahovski : She was contacted by the producers of "Chuck" the next day to come in and run lines with Zachary Levi.
Yvonne Strahovski : The producers called her back a week later letting her know she had been cast as Sarah Walker.
Yvonne Strahovski : She has also appeared in Channel Nine's "Sea Patrol".
Yvonne Strahovski : She also appeared in a CollegeHumor sketch in April 2011, parodying the music styles of Katy Perry, Ke$ha, Lady Gaga, and Justin Bieber.
Yvonne Strahovski : And in May 2012, Strahovski ranked #35 in Maxim Hot 100.
Yvonne Strahovski : She also appeared in the 2012 comedy "The Guilt Trip", opposite Seth Rogen and Barbra Streisand.
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski voices Aya Brea in the English version of the "Parasite Eve" spinoff, "The 3rd Birthday", which was released on March 2011 for the PlayStation Portable.
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski speaks fluent Polish, and employed it in a brief exchange with a colleague in the "Chuck" episode "Chuck Versus the Wookiee" and again in the episodes "Chuck Versus the Three Words" and "Chuck Versus the Honeymooners".
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski sent in her audition tape for the TV series "Chuck" while in the United States auditioning for roles in other shows, namely NBC's 2007 series "Bionic Woman".
Yvonne Strahovski : Yvonne Jaqueline Strzechowski (born 30 July 1982), known professionally as Yvonne Strahovski (), is an Australian actress.
Yvonne Strahovski : In June 2012, Showtime announced Strahovski had joined the cast for the seventh season of "Dexter" in which she plays the role of Hannah McKay, a woman involved with an investigation following the death of her former lover, a spree killer whom she accompanied when she was a teenager.
Yvonne Strahovski : She had her face scanned and animated so she could portray Lawson in "Mass Effect 2".
Yvonne Strahovski : In 2011, "Cosmopolitan Magazine" (Australia) named Strahovski the Fun Fearless Female of the Year, along with Favorite TV Actress.
Yvonne Strahovski : Since 2017, she has starred as Serena Joy Waterford in the acclaimed Hulu drama series "The Handmaid's Tale".
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski was born in Werrington Downs, New South Wales, Australia the daughter of Piotr and Bożena Strzechowski; her parents immigrated from Warsaw, Poland.
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski appeared in the 2011 film "Killer Elite", alongside Jason Statham, Clive Owen, and Robert De Niro.
Yvonne Strahovski : In 2011, Strahovski was nominated again for the Teen Choice Awards for Choice Action TV Actress.
Yvonne Strahovski : Strahovski appears in "Mass Effect Galaxy", "Mass Effect 2", and "Mass Effect 3" as the voice of Miranda Lawson.
Yvonne Strahovski : In 2010, Strahovski received the Teen Choice Award for Choice Action TV Actress for "Chuck", as well as a nomination for Spike Video Game Awards for Best Performance by a Human Female for "Mass Effect 2".
Lauren Kitchen : Lauren Kitchen (born 21 November 1990) is an Australian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam .
Tamar Braxton : The illness forced her to withdraw from "Dancing with the Stars".
Tamar Braxton : The couple had been dating since 2003.
Tamar Braxton : The couple married on November 27, 2008.
Tamar Braxton : However, the group never released an album or single for the label.
Tamar Braxton : In 1990, they released their first single, "Good Life".
Tamar Braxton : On May 27, 2015, the single "If I Don't Have You" was released.
Tamar Braxton : The show debuted April 12, 2011.
Tamar Braxton : The couple divorced in 2003 after two years of marriage.
Tamar Braxton : In parallel, she had made a cameo on the successful TV series "Being Mary Jane".
Tamar Braxton : At the time of the single's release, the members' age differences created a problem with marketing.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton and Chmerkovskiy finished in fifth place overall.
Tamar Braxton : The lead single "Get None" was produced by Jermaine "J.D."
Tamar Braxton : When the album's second single failed to gain significant radio airplay, her label dropped her from their roster.
Tamar Braxton : On March 13, 2013, on "Good Morning America", she announced they were expecting their first child.
Tamar Braxton : On September 18, 2015, the single "Angels & Demons" was released.
Tamar Braxton : Later, Tamar would meet up with Christopher "Tricky" Stewart.
Tamar Braxton : At the time, the remaining members were told that LaFace was not looking for another girl group since it had just signed TLC.
Tamar Braxton : Former Destiny's Child member LeToya Luckett became the host after her.
Tamar Braxton : Instead of shelving the album, Dreamworks Records abandoned 3 old tracks, added new ones, and renamed it "Tamar".
Tamar Braxton : However, it was not confirmed until a 2011 promotional appearance on "The Mo'Nique Show", that Traci was not allowed to sign with Atlantic because of her pregnancy at the time.
Tamar Braxton : On November 10, 2015, Braxton discovered that she had several pulmonary emboli in her lungs.
Tamar Braxton : That same year, Tamar was featured on Sole's, "4 The Love of You."
Tamar Braxton : The youngest of the Braxtons' six children, Tamar started singing as a toddler.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton possesses a five-octave soprano vocal range.
Tamar Braxton : Tamar was the featured model for the "Front Row Couture" collection during the "ELLE/Style360" NYC Fashion Week event.
Tamar Braxton : At the time of its release, Reid told "Billboard Magazine", "I had a vision for them then that was about young sophistication with sex appeal."
Tamar Braxton : The second season is centered on the preparation and birth of the couple's baby, and her launch of "Love and War".
Tamar Braxton : As soon as the song began to pick up airplay, Tamar announced the album would be released in early 2000, alongside a second single, "If You Don't Wanna Love Me".
Tamar Braxton : On November 11, Braxton revealed that she would have to withdraw from the competition due to health problems.
Tamar Braxton : In 2008, Braxton married Vincent Herbert.
Tamar Braxton : Dupri and also featured rap verses from him as well as former Jay-Z protégée Amil.
Tamar Braxton : The song was followed by the release of "Love and War" on September 3, 2013.
Tamar Braxton : The two met while Allamby worked on her 2000 debut album's tracks "Money Can't Buy Me Love" and "Once Again".
Tamar Braxton : When Reid moved on to work for Atlantic Records, he convinced executives at LaFace to allow him to take the group to Atlantic also.
Tamar Braxton : Billboard.com gave the song 4 out of 5 stars in its review of "The Best and Worst Singles of the Week" for the second week of October.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton launched a ready-to-wear clothing and shoe line, Tamar Collection, in November 2014.
Tamar Braxton : Subsequently, The Braxtons were dropped from Arista Records.
Tamar Braxton : The album was released on October 30 and pre-order on October 16th.
Tamar Braxton : Later that month, her television show "Tamar & Vince" premiered on WE tv.
Tamar Braxton : In 2001, Tamar's previously unreleased song "Try Me" appeared on the soundtrack album for the film "Kingdom Come".
Tamar Braxton : On an episode of "The Real", Braxton revealed that she suffered from vitiligo.
Tamar Braxton : The first season features multiple scenes of Tamar recording her second album.
Tamar Braxton : She recorded her solo debut album, "Ridiculous", so-named for the many different musical styles on the album.
Tamar Braxton : Tamar would release another single that same year; however, Casablanca's shifting business landscape interfered with the process of completing Tamar's album.
Tamar Braxton : In 2003, Tamar began dating Vincent Herbert, a record executive whom she met through her sister.
Tamar Braxton : The album spawned two buzz singles ("Let Him Go" and "Just Cuz") in hopes of garnering attention from the public eye; however, when the songs failed to gain impact on urban radio outlets, the album was pushed back and canceled.
Tamar Braxton : On December 15, 2011, it was confirmed that Braxton and her husband Vincent would star in their own reality series centered on her solo career and their married life.
Tamar Braxton : Tamar was co-host on Tameka Cottle's late night talk show "Tiny Tonight" on VH1.
Tamar Braxton : The song also included uncredited background vocals and songwriting by Grammy Award-winning R&B singer Mýa.
Tamar Braxton : The album charted at number 4 on the US Heatseekers Albums on December 12, 2015.
Tamar Braxton : The Braxtons released their debut album, "So Many Ways", as a trio in 1996, and disbanded shortly afterward.
Tamar Braxton : On February 25, 2014, the remix of Robin Thicke's single "For the Rest of My Life" which features Braxton, was released as a digital single.
Tamar Braxton : "Basketball Wives" star Tami Roman became a co-host after Braxton.
Tamar Braxton : The trio also performed a remixed version of "So Many Ways" with rapper Jay-Z on September 9, 1996 at the Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards.
Tamar Braxton : When her sister launched her Las Vegas revue "Toni Braxton: Revealed", Tamar again sang backup until she was replaced by singer Sparkle.
Tamar Braxton : The second season of "Tamar & Vince" premiered on September 5, 2013.
Tamar Braxton : On September 2, 2015, Braxton was revealed as one of the celebrities who will compete on the 21st season of "Dancing with the Stars".
Tamar Braxton : Braxton's new album, "Calling All Lovers", is set to be released October 2, 2015.
Tamar Braxton : The single "Catfish" was released on September 10, 2015 along with the album "Calling All Lovers" available for pre-order on iTunes.
Tamar Braxton : The Braxton children would eventually enter in their church choir, where their father Michael Braxton was a pastor.
Tamar Braxton : The album featured production from Missy Elliott, Tim & Bob, and Tricky Stewart, but still peaked at number 127 on the "Billboard" 200.
Tamar Braxton : The album's lead single, the title track, was released on December 6, 2012.
Tamar Braxton : After Toni's departure from the group, the remaining Braxtons members became backup singers for Toni's first tour, music videos, and promotional appearances.
Tamar Braxton : On April 27, 2017, Braxton released "My Man" from her fifth album "Bluebird of Happiness".
Tamar Braxton : She gave birth to a son, Logan Vincent Herbert, on June 6, 2013.
Tamar Braxton : Tamar also began to work alongside her sister Toni Braxton in a number of songs and music video cameos, including the video for "He Wasn't Man Enough."
Tamar Braxton : Braxton's special "Listen Up: Tamar Braxton" premiered on Centric in September 2013.
Tamar Braxton : A "Grindin'"-influenced single, "I'm Leaving," was released with a guest appearance from Bump J. alongside promotional remixes featuring Sheek Louch, Styles P. and Ali Vegas.
Tamar Braxton : In November 2011, Braxton performed "Love Overboard" at the 2011 Soul Train Awards for Lifetime Achievement recipient Gladys Knight.
Tamar Braxton : In 1993, LaFace Records A&R Vice President, Bryant Reid, signed The Braxtons to LaFace.
Tamar Braxton : In 2001, Braxton was married to her first husband, music producer Darrell "Delite" Allamby.
Tamar Braxton : Wedding photos of the couple emerged via several magazines and made their way via the television debut of "Braxton Family Values".
Tamar Braxton : She lists Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, Diana Ross, Kim Burrell, and her eldest sister, Toni, as some of her influences.
Tamar Braxton : She performed, co-wrote and sang background vocals on songs for Toni's albums, "The Heat" (2000), "Snowflakes" (2001), "More than a Woman" (2002), "Libra" (2005) and "Pulse" (2010).
Tamar Braxton : Tamar Estine Braxton (born March 17, 1977) is an American singer, actress, and television personality.
Tamar Braxton : In January 2010, WE tv confirmed that it had signed Braxton and her mother and sisters for a reality series, "Braxton Family Values".
Tamar Braxton : Braxton began her career in 1990 as a founding member of The Braxtons, an R&B singing group formed with her sisters.
Tamar Braxton : By 2004, Tamar was signed to Tommy Mottola's reactivated Casablanca Records and began work on her second album.
Tamar Braxton : In 2010, Braxton signed to Universal Records, where she released a single "The Heart In Me" in July of that year which was included on the "Adidas 2: The Music" compilation.
Tamar Braxton : Later Braxton hosted, "The Culturelist", a show on BET's sister channel Centric.
Tamar Braxton : It was reported in Vibe magazine that in 1995, Traci Braxton had left the group to pursue a career as a youth counselor.
Tamar Braxton : Tamar Estine Braxton was born to Michael and Evelyn Braxton in Severn, Maryland on March 17, 1977.
Tamar Braxton : Outside the US, it debuted at number 34 on the UK R&B Albums Chart.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton announced she was pregnant with her first child on March 13, 2013, during an interview on "Good Morning America" promoting the new season of "Braxton Family Values".
Tamar Braxton : In 1991, during a showcase with L.A. Reid and Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, who were in the process of forming LaFace Records, Toni Braxton, minus her four sisters, was chosen and signed as the label's first female solo artist.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton and her fellow The Braxtons members served as the opening act for Toni Braxton on the European Leg of her Secrets Tour in 1997.
Tamar Braxton : On May 22, 2016, it was reported that Braxton had been fired from "The Real".
Tamar Braxton : On June 2, 2016, Braxton confirmed that she was fired on "The Steve Harvey Morning Show".
Tamar Braxton : In 2017, Braxton signed a multi-series deal with Steve Harvey's television studio, East 112th Street Productions.
Tamar Braxton : On December 7, 2015, Braxton received one Grammy nomination for "If I Don't Have You" at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards; Best R&B Performance from her latest album titled "Calling All Lovers".
Tamar Braxton : Allamby was a songwriter and producer who worked with his frequent songwriting partner Lincoln "Link" Browder, as well as Silk, Busta Rhymes and Gerald Levert.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton reunited with her sisters for the WE TV reality series "Braxton Family Values" (2011–present).
Tamar Braxton : On October 6, Braxton's new single "Let Me Know" featuring rapper Future peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Trending 140 chart, less than an hour after its premiere on Braxton's official SoundCloud account and eventually reached #1 by 12:00 AM October 7.
Tamar Braxton : Following a thirteen-year break, Braxton released her second studio album, "Love and War" (2013), through Epic Records.
Tamar Braxton : At the end of the interview, Steve Harvey announced that he had signed Braxton to produce her own talk show and TV series with 112th Street Productions.
Tamar Braxton : In September 2012, news broke that Braxton had inked a fresh recording contract with Streamline Records, an imprint of Interscope Records founded by Vincent.
Tamar Braxton : She later left the label without a commercial release to show for her work.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton's first Christmas album, "Winter Loversland", was released on November 11, 2013; it debuted at number 43 on the "Billboard" 200 with 8,000 copies sold in its first week.
Tamar Braxton : The Braxtons decided to part ways as a group after lead singer Tamar Braxton left to pursue a solo career with DreamWorks Records in 1998.
Tamar Braxton : In 1996, Tamar, Trina, and Towanda returned with a new album entitled "So Many Ways", which peaked at No.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton gave birth to a baby boy named Logan Vincent Herbert in 2013.
Tamar Braxton : At the same time, Braxton, and sisters Toni and Trina guest starred on their sister Traci's music video "Last Call".
Tamar Braxton : Braxton is the youngest of her siblings including her sisters Toni, Traci, Towanda, and Trina, as well as her only brother Michael, Jr.
Tamar Braxton : In April 2017, it was announced that Braxton left Epic Records to sign with Entertainment One for a $1 million deal with the label.
Tamar Braxton : The song was a commercial success, spending 9 weeks at #1 on the Adult R&B Songs chart.
Tamar Braxton : The song peaked at number 6 on the US Adult R&B Songs chart.
Tamar Braxton : In March 2013, it was revealed that Braxton had signed to Epic Records ahead of the release of her second album, "Love and War".
Tamar Braxton : 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 32 on the UK Singles Chart.
Tamar Braxton : In October 2015, the group "The Braxtons" including Toni, Tamar, Traci, Trina and Towanda, will be releasing a new material titled "Braxton Family Christmas" as five members.
Tamar Braxton : The album was a commercial success in the United States, selling 114,000 copies in its opening week, and debuting at number two on the "Billboard" 200 and number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Tamar Braxton : Traci, Towanda, Trina, and Tamar were featured in the music video for Toni Braxton's third single, "Seven Whole Days", from her self-titled debut album.
Tamar Braxton : 79 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
Tamar Braxton : Sisters Toni, Traci, Towanda, Trina, and Tamar Braxton signed their first record deal with Arista Records in 1989.
Tamar Braxton : Braxton released "The One" as the second single from "Love and War" on May 7, 2013; it peaked at number 34 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Tamar Braxton : The third single, "All the Way Home," was released August 21, 2013; it peaked at number 96 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 37 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Tamar Braxton : On November 21, "Braxton Family Christmas" debuted at number 27 on the US "Billboard" R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, number 10 on the US R&B Chart and number 12 on US Top Holiday Albums on November 21, 2015.
Diamela Eltit : Most recently she collaborated for several year in "The Clinic" and now she writes opinions por "El Desconcierto", both in Santiago.
Diamela Eltit : CADA struggled for reformulating artistic circuits under the Pinochet dictatorship.
Diamela Eltit : She is a recipient of the National Prize for Literature.
Diamela Eltit : During the last thirty years, Eltit has lectured and participated in conferences, seminars and literature events throughout the world, in Europe, Africa, North and Latin America.
Diamela Eltit : In 1980, Eltit published her first book, "Una milla de cruces sobre el pavimento", a volume of essays.
Diamela Eltit : In this context, women publications were a significant contribution because they generated renewed spaces of thinking on political issues and subjects as sexuality, authoritarianism, domestic life and gender identity.
Diamela Eltit : Also several have been published in Chile, Argentina, Mexico, Spain, and in other languages as English, French, Finnish, Greek, Italian and, in the near future, Portuguese.
Diamela Eltit : Eltit has been mentioned for the "Premio Nacional de Literatura de Chile", but she has rejected self-promotion and the system of candidates presentation.
Diamela Eltit : Eltit's work has been the object of many studies, in Spanish and other languages.
Diamela Eltit : Eltit was part of this new generation and not only articulated an original literary project —a theoretical, esthetic, social and political proposal with a new reading space as perspective—, but also developed a visual work as a member of CADA".
Diamela Eltit : She is married to Jorge Arrate, lawyer and economist, former President of the Socialist Party, that in 2009 was presidential candidate representing a coalition between the Communist Party and socialist, humanist and Christian left groups.
Diamela Eltit : The text dedicated to Eltit in the internet cultural portal "Memoria Chilena", explains that 1980 decade was specially complicated for the Chilean intellectuals that had to elaborate strategies to publish and circulate their work in a cultural environment where censorship existed.
Diamela Eltit : In 1977, she began a career as Spanish and literature teacher at high school level in several public schools in Santiago, such as the Instituto Nacional and the In 1984, she started teaching at universities in Chile, where she is currently professor at the "Universidad Tecnológica Metropolitana" and abroad.
Diamela Eltit : In the academic year 2014-2015 Eltit was invited by Cambridge University, U.K., to the Simon Bolivar Chair at the Center of Latin American Studies.
Diamela Eltit : Diamela Eltit (born 1947, Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean writer and university professor.
Diamela Eltit : Between 1966 and 1976, she graduated in Spanish studies at the Universidad Católica de Chile and followed graduate studies in Literature at the Universidad de Chile in Santiago.
Diamela Eltit : Three of Eltit novels were chosen as part of the list selected in 2007 by 81 Latin American and Spanish writers and critics for the Colombian journal "Semana" of the 100 best novels in Spanish language in the last 25 years: "Lumpérica" (Nº58), "El cuarto mundo" (Nº67) y "Los vigilantes" (Nº100).
Diamela Eltit : She has been several times visiting professor at the University of California at Berkeley, and also at Johns Hopkins University, Stanford University, Washington University in Saint Louis, University of Pittsburgh, University of Virginia and, since 2007, New York University, where she holds a teaching appointment as Distinguished Global Visiting Professor and teaches at the Creative Writing Program in Spanish.
Diamela Eltit : In 1979, Eltit created together with the poet Raúl Zurita, the visual artists Lotty Rosenfeld and Juan Castillo and the sociologist Fernando Balcells the "Colectivo de Acciones de Arte" (CADA), a vanguard group part of the so-called "Escena de Avanzada".
Nilla Fischer : They married in December 2013.
Nilla Fischer : Åsa Nilla Maria Fischer (born 2 August 1984) is a Swedish footballer for Linköpings FC and the Swedish national team.
Nilla Fischer : In 2013 Fischer gave an interview to "QX" magazine in which she announced her intention to marry her partner Mariah-Michaela.
Nilla Fischer : She was previously the captain of LdB FC Malmö.
Nilla Fischer : The change in position coincided with an upturn in goalscoring form for Fischer, who scored three times for hosts Sweden at UEFA Women's Euro 2013.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : ("My time will come!
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : The move followed fourteen weeks of protests over the government's handling of the financial crisis, protests that had intensified from 20 January.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : The new government needed the support of the Progressive Party in the Althing.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : In 1994, when she lost a bid to head the Social Democratic Party, she raised her fist and declared ""Minn tími mun koma!""
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : An opinion poll by Capacent Gallup in December 2008 found 73% approval of her actions as a minister, more than any other member of the Cabinet: she was also the only minister to have improved her approval ratings over 2008.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : The Social Democratic Alliance and the Left-Green Movement, which formed the outgoing coalition government under Jóhanna, both made gains and together had an overall majority of seats in the Althing.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She became Prime Minister on 1 February 2009, Iceland's first female Prime Minister and the world's first openly LGBT head of government.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She has been a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for Reykjavík constituencies since 1978, winning re-election on eight successive occasions.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : From 1994 to 2003, she was an active member of the opposition in the Althing, serving on numerous parliamentary committees.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She enjoyed early success in her parliamentary career, serving as deputy speaker of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) in 1979 and in 1983–84.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Elected an MP from 1978 to 2013, she was appointed as Iceland's Minister of Social Affairs and Social Security, serving from 1987 to 1994, and from 2007 until 2009.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After talks with the leaders of the five parties represented in the Althing, the President asked the Social Democratic Alliance and the Left-Green Movement to form a new government and to prepare for elections in the spring.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After their divorce in 1987, she joined in a civil union with Jónína Leósdóttir (born 1954), an author and playwright, in 2002.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Jóhanna married Þorvaldur Steinar Jóhannesson in 1970 and the couple had two sons named Sigurður Egill Þorvaldsson and Davíð Steinar Þorvaldsson (born 1972 and 1977).
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Jóhanna was proposed as Prime Minister for the new government; two reasons for this were her popularity among the general public and her good relations with the Left-Green Movement.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She was also a member of the Board of the Commercial Workers' Union from 1976 to 1983.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir (; born 4 October 1942) is an Icelandic politician and the former Prime Minister of Iceland.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : In 2010, when same-sex marriage was legalised in Iceland, Jóhanna and Jónína changed their civil union into a marriage, thus becoming one of the first same-sex married couples in Iceland.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After graduating with her commercial diploma in 1960, she worked as a flight attendant with Icelandic Airlines (a predecessor of Icelandair) from 1962 to 1971, and as an office manager from 1971 to 1978.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She was elected vice-chairman of the Social Democratic Party in 1984, a post she held until 1993.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She was active in the trade union movement from early in her professional life, presiding over the Board of the Icelandic Cabin Crew Association in 1966 and 1969 and over the Board of Svölurnar, Association of Former Stewardesses in 1975.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : She studied at the Commercial College of Iceland, a vocational high school operated by the Chamber of Commerce.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : On 26 January 2009, Prime Minister Geir Haarde tendered the coalition government's resignation to the President of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : Jóhanna was elected to the Althing in 1978 on the list of the Social Democratic Party for the Reykjavík constituency.
Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir : After the 2003 elections, in which she stood in the Reykjavík South constituency (after the split of the old Reykjavík constituency), she was re-elected deputy speaker of the Althing.
Senta Berger : At the age of five she started ballet lessons.
Senta Berger : In 1970, Berger starred for the first time in a film produced by her own company and directed by her husband.
Senta Berger : Other internationally successful films made by their joint production company included, amongst others, "Die weiße Rose" (1982), "The Nasty Girl" ("Das schreckliche Mädchen", 1990) and "Mutters Courage" (1995).
Senta Berger : In 1977, she was head of the jury at the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
Senta Berger : Senta Berger (; born 13 May 1941) is an Austrian film, stage and television actress, producer and author.
Senta Berger : In 1958, she became the youngest member of the Josefstadt Theatre in Vienna.
Senta Berger : In 1960 Bernhard Wicki and Artur Brauner produced the film "The Good Soldier Schweik" with Berger and the German actor Heinz Rühmann.
Senta Berger : In 1957, she won her first small role in one of the final films directed by Austrian auteur Willi Forst.
Senta Berger : She applied for the Max Reinhardt Seminar, a famous acting school in Vienna, and was accepted, but she left shortly afterwards after accepting a film role without permission.
Senta Berger : Berger is the daughter of musician Josef Berger and teacher Therese Jany.
Senta Berger : In 1962, she went to Hollywood and worked with stars such as Charlton Heston, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Richard Widmark, John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, and Yul Brynner.
Senta Berger : Between 1974 and 1982, she played the "Buhlschaft" in the play "Jedermann" at the Salzburg Festival with Curd Jürgens and Maximilian Schell.
Ai Takahashi : Out of 25,000 applicants, nine were selected for the camp in which Takahashi passed.
Ai Takahashi : On December 20, 2013, it was announced that Takahashi was engaged to her boyfriend, Koji Abe, and they married on February 14, 2014.
Ai Takahashi : Her audition involved a training camp of three days and two nights, in which participants were expected to learn a new song, a dance routine and a script.
Ai Takahashi : On January 9, 2011 it was announced that Takahashi would graduate from Morning Musume at the end of the fall tour that year.
Ai Takahashi : Her best-known nickname amongst non-Japanese fans, "Takitty", was derived from the cat suit (complete with tail) which she wears in the movie.
Ai Takahashi : Ai Takahashi joined Japanese idol group Morning Musume in 2001 as part of the group's fifth generation, along with Makoto Ogawa, Asami Konno, and Risa Niigaki.
Ai Takahashi : Project kickball team, Metro Rabbits H.P..
Ai Takahashi : However, on June 1, 2007, after Fujimoto's resignation, Takahashi took over as the new leader.
Ai Takahashi : In 2006, Takahashi played the lead role, Sapphire, in "Ribon no Kishi The Musical," which was a collaboration work by Hello!
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In 2000, she was voted the "BRAVO-Girl" of the year among 25,000 contestants.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : After a two year-relationship Weichselbraun split up with the singer Marque.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Weichselbraun has a twin sister.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Since 2013 she has been in a relationship with Ben Mawson, the manager of Lana Del Rey.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Melanie Binder took her father's name, while Mirjam Weichselbraun took her mother's.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Other hosting jobs include the Life Ball, "Kiddy Contest", "The Dome" and the Romy awards presentation in 2008 and 2013.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Since 2003, next to her job on MTV, she has also been hosting the ZDF online-magazine for the game show "Wetten, dass..?".
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Their parents married late, so each girl could choose her own surname.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Mirjam Weichselbraun (born 27 September 1981) is an Austrian television host and actress, best known in Austria for presenting "Dancing Stars", Life Ball and the Vienna Opera Ball.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In 2007 she played in the ORF-movie "Die Rosenkönigin" and in one episode of the Die ProSieben Märchenstunde "(Frau Holle - Im Himmel ist die Hölle los)".
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In addition to her job as a show host, Weichselbraun has also lent her voice to Jan Dress' audio drama "Letzte Tage, jetzt" (Last days, now) and worked as an actress.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : After only eight months she switched to MTV Germany in Berlin where she hosted the live show "MTV Select" until January 2005.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In November 2010, she hosted the "Hit Giganten" on Sat.1 together with the German jazz musician Roger Cicero.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In 2009, she took the role of "Sugar Kane" in Peter Stones' musical "Manche mögen's heiß (Some like it hot)" at the Theater in der Josefstadt.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : Her first experience in broadcasting was with the regional radio station Antenne Tirol in 1999 and she first appeared in front of the camera in 2001 on the culture program "Das Magazin" on the channel TV Tirol.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : In 2006, Weichselbraun and Wayne Carpendale presented the German version of "Dancing on Ice" on RTL, which made her very popular in Germany.
Mirjam Weichselbraun : On 28 October 2014, Weichselbraun was announced as the host of the Austrian national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2015, which she also hosted alongside Alice Tumler and Arabella Kiesbauer at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna.
Lisa Kudrow : They have a son, Julian Murray Stern, who was born on May 7, 1998.
Lisa Kudrow : She also served as co-creator, writer, and executive producer.
Lisa Kudrow : She graduated from Taft High School in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles where then N.W.A.
Lisa Kudrow : On May 27, 1995, Kudrow married French advertising executive Michel Stern.
Lisa Kudrow : Kudrow worked on her father's staff for eight years while breaking into acting, earning a research credit on his study on the comparative likelihood of left-handed individuals developing cluster headaches.
Lisa Kudrow : She tried out for "Saturday Night Live" in 1990, but the show chose Julia Sweeney instead.
Lisa Kudrow : During her tenure on "Friends" Kudrow appeared in multiple comedic films such as "Romy and Michele's High School Reunion", "Hanging Up", "Marci X", "Dr. Dolittle 2", "Analyze This" and its sequel "Analyze That", and dramatic films, such as "Wonderland" and "The Opposite of Sex".
Lisa Kudrow : Kudrow was cast to play the role of Roz Doyle in "Frasier", but the role was re-cast with Peri Gilpin during the taping of the pilot episode.
Lisa Kudrow : Kudrow received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology from Vassar College, intending to become an expert on headaches like her physician father.
Lisa Kudrow : Her first recurring television role was Ursula Buffay, the eccentric waitress on the NBC sitcom "Mad About You".
Lisa Kudrow : For her role in the sitcom "Friends", she received six nominations at the Primetime Emmy Awards, winning in 1998 for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
Lisa Kudrow : Kudrow starred as protagonist Valerie Cherish on the single-season HBO series "The Comeback" (premiered June 5, 2005), about a has-been sitcom star trying for a comeback.
Jenning Huizenga : Jenning Huizenga (born 29 March 1984, in Franeker) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist.
Ellie Goulding : As of June 2012, the album had sold over 850,000 copies in the UK and 1.6 million copies worldwide.
Ellie Goulding : "Anything Could Happen" preceded the album as the lead single.
Ellie Goulding : It received moderate commercial success worldwide managing to reach number 11 in the UK.
Ellie Goulding : In November 2014, Goulding announced that she was focusing on a third studio album.
Ellie Goulding : On 10 July 2012, Goulding released a cover of Active Child's song "Hanging On", featuring Tinie Tempah, as a free download on her SoundCloud page.
Ellie Goulding : On 19 September 2011, it was announced that she would open for Katy Perry's California Dreams Tour, replacing Jessie J due to a foot injury.
Ellie Goulding : Its singles "Starry Eyed", "Guns and Horses", and "The Writer" peaked at , 26, and 19.
Ellie Goulding : At 9, she began playing the clarinet and at 14 began learning guitar.
Ellie Goulding : The album was preceded by the lead single "Anything Could Happen" on 21 August.
Ellie Goulding : It was announced on 12 February 2013, that in May 2013, she would be supporting Bruno Mars on his Moonshine Jungle World Tour on selected dates.
Ellie Goulding : Elena Jane Goulding ( ; born 30 December 1986) is an English singer and songwriter.
Ellie Goulding : In February 2011, she returned to the Brit Awards where she was nominated for Best British Female and Best British Breakthrough Act but lost out to Laura Marling and to Tinie Tempah.
Ellie Goulding : In January 2011, it was announced that the title track from "Lights" would serve as the second single from "Bright Lights".
Ellie Goulding : Elena Jane Goulding was born on 30 December 1986 in Hereford and raised in Lyonshall, a small village near Kington, Herefordshire, the second of four children (she has a brother and two sisters).
Patricia Churchland : Patricia Smith Churchland (born 16 July 1943) is a Canadian-American analytical philosopher noted for her contributions to neurophilosophy and the philosophy of mind.
Patricia Churchland : According to her, philosophers are increasingly realizing that to understand the mind one must understand the brain.
Patricia Churchland : Since 1989, she has also held an adjunct professorship at the Salk Institute adjacent to UCSD's campus, where she became acquainted with Jonas Salk whose name the Institute bears.
Patricia Churchland : She is associated with a school of thought called eliminative materialism, which argues that common sense, immediately intuitive, or "folk psychological" concepts such as thought, free will, and consciousness will likely need to be revised in a physically reductionistic way as neuroscientists discover more about the nature of brain function.
Patricia Churchland : Churchland's own work has focused on the interface between neuroscience and philosophy.
Giulia Gam : Giulia Daysi Gam (born December 28, 1966) is a Brazilian actress.
Dana Vollmer : She is married to Andy Grant, a former swimmer for Stanford University.
Dana Vollmer : After that surgery, an electrocardiogram indicated to her cardiologists that she might have Long QT syndrome.
Dana Vollmer : As an age group swimmer, Vollmer swam for coach Ron Forrest at the Fort Worth Area Swim Team (FAST).
Dana Vollmer : In 2003, Vollmer underwent heart surgery to correct a condition called supraventricular tachycardia, which produces a quickened pulse rate of about 240 beats per minute.
Dana Vollmer : At the age of 12, Vollmer was the youngest swimmer to compete at the 2000 U.S. Olympic Trials, but did not qualify for the U.S. Olympic team.
Dana Vollmer : Vollmer was born in Syracuse, New York, and raised in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex region in Granbury, Texas.
Dana Vollmer : Vollmer won a total of thirty two medals in major international competitions, including nineteen gold medals, eight silver, and five bronze, spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, the Pan American Games, the Pan Pacific Championships, and the Goodwill Games.
Dana Vollmer : In addition to winning the gold medal, the U.S. relay team broke the previous world record in the event that had stood for 17 years.
Dana Vollmer : In the final of the 200-meter freestyle, Vollmer placed third, and her American record was broken by Allison Schmitt.
Dana Vollmer : At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Vollmer won a total of three medals, two gold medals and one silver.
Dana Vollmer : At the 2009 World Championships in Rome, Italy, Vollmer won two medals, a silver and a bronze.
Dana Vollmer : In the 100-meter butterfly final, she won the gold medal and set a new world record with her time of 55.98.
Dana Vollmer : In the final race of the 100-meter butterfly, Vollmer won in a time of 56.50 seconds, better than one second ahead of second-place Claire Donahue.
Dana Vollmer : On February 25, 2009, Vollmer set her first individual American record, breaking Natalie Coughlin's 200-yard freestyle record with a time of 1:41.53.
Dana Vollmer : After setting the national record in the semi-finals of the 100-meter butterfly (56.47), Vollmer won the gold medal in the final with a time of 56.87.
Dana Vollmer : At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she again broke her American record and set an Olympic record with a time of 56.25 seconds in her 100-meter butterfly qualifying heat.
Dana Vollmer : In her first event, the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Vollmer won a silver medal with Natalie Coughlin, Jessica Hardy, and Missy Franklin.
Dana Vollmer : Swimming the butterfly leg, Vollmer recorded a split time of 55.48, as the U.S. team set a new world record with a time of 3:52.05, bettering the previous record of 3:52.19 set by China in 2009.
Dana Vollmer : Dana Whitney Vollmer (born November 13, 1987) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, and former world record-holder.
Dana Vollmer : In the 4×100-meter medley relay, Vollmer the gold medal along with Natalie Coughlin, Rebecca Soni, and Missy Franklin with a time of 3:52.36, better than three seconds ahead of second-place finisher China.
Dana Vollmer : At the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, Vollmer won a gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay.
Dana Vollmer : The American team finished in second place behind China with a time of 7:42.56.
Dana Vollmer : At the 2004 Summer Olympics, she won a gold medal as a member of the winning United States team in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay that set the world record in the event.
Petra Rossner : Rossner retired after the 2004 season.
Petra Rossner : In the same event she won the 1991 World Championships and finished second in 1989.
Petra Rossner : She finished second in 2004, and finished third in the 1988 Giro d'Italia Femminile.
Petra Rossner : Petra Rossner (born 14 November 1966) is a German cyclist, who won the gold medal in 3 km pursuit track cycling at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Petra Rossner : From 1996 on, she was living in Leipzig with her partner Judith Arndt.
Natalie Zea : She graduated from the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City in 1995.
Natalie Zea : Natalie Zea (born March 17, 1975) is an American actress known for her performances on television.
Natalie Zea : In 2013, she also began starring as Claire Matthews in the Fox drama series "The Following".
Natalie Zea : Zea was born in Harris County, Texas, attending high school in Monahans, graduating in 1993.
Natalie Zea : She played the role of Lauren Riley, a love interest of Michael Chiklis' character Vic Mackey.
Xuxa : year.
Xuxa : At 15 years, she was discovered by a modeling agency and began her professional career as a model at 16.
Xuxa : Xuxa was the first Brazilian to join the list.
Xuxa : In November its patrimony was estimated at $300 million.
Xuxa : Together, they faced various kinds of physical evidence and general knowledge in beautiful settings in the country.
Xuxa : Her various shows have been broadcast in Portuguese, English, and Spanish worldwide.
Xuxa : However, the agency made her choose between career photos and walkways as a model or TV and Xuxa opted for the television show.
Xuxa : The attraction was canceled abruptly due to the tragic fire that occurred in 11 January 2001 in the recording of its carnival special.
Xuxa : As a mother, Xuxa noticed a shortage of videos for small children.
Xuxa : The program had four teams formed by three people (one athlete, one personality and one teenager).
Xuxa : "TV Xuxa" finally came to an end on 25 January 2014, due to the health problems of the presenter.
Xuxa : During this time, she worked as a model during the week in New York City, and recorded the show on weekends.
Xuxa : "Planeta Xuxa" was focused on the performances of musicians and bands.
Xuxa : The film took more than 1,300,000 people to the movies and was released in Brazil, the United States and Angola.
Xuxa : The program was retransmitted to 17 countries in Latin America and the United States.
Xuxa : This was considered one of the biggest signings in the history of the transmitter, according to sites specialized in TV.
Xuxa : Sasha's father is actor Luciano Szafir.
Xuxa : At the time, she was called by "New York Magazine" as "Latin American Madonna".
Xuxa : The album "" received worldwide recognition and won the 2002 Latin Grammy Award for Best Latin Children's Album category.
Xuxa : She currently has a relationship with actor and singer, Junno Andrade, In 2013, her Italian nationality was recognized.
Xuxa : Xuxa is of partial Italian Brazilian descent, her paternal great-grandfather had emigrated to Brazil at the end of the 1800s from the northern Italian town of Imer, in the Autonomous Province of Trento.
Xuxa : In 2013, Xuxa obtained Italian citizenship by descent.
Xuxa : After many changes for not being able to keep the station in the isolated leadership, the program no longer aired on 31 December 2007.
Xuxa : Xuxa accumulates the highest-grossing of Brazilian cinema, more than 37 million people watched her films.
Xuxa : In 1992, People Magazine chose Xuxa as one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world.
Xuxa : Xuxa and TV Globo had amicably broken their contract in December 2014.
Xuxa : In the same period, Xuxa began a love relationship with the Brazilian driver Formula 1, Ayrton Senna, who died in 1994.
Xuxa : The "New York Times" highlighted her success in Brazil and Latin America in an article by correspondent, James Brooke.
Xuxa : The attraction was shown from Monday to Saturday on the morning of the station.
Xuxa : He opted to save his wife, and prayed to St. Mary of Graces, promising to name his daughter after the Virgin if all went well.
Xuxa : With new format and schedule, and different attractions, it became a weekly auditorium program, screened on Saturdays at 10 am.
Xuxa : After many reformulations to reverse the low audience, the program came to an end on 31 December 2004.
Xuxa : As of 19 April 1998, the program began to be presented on Sunday afternoons due to the 1998 World Cup, remaining on Sundays until its closure in 2002.
Xuxa : The film starred Sasha Meneghel in theaters and featured the participation of Hebe Camargo, Luciano Szafir, Luciano Huck, Angelica and others.
Xuxa : In its first four years, it plans to provide better access to education to children from 100 schools in Brazil.
Xuxa : In 1987, the French newspaper "Libération" includes Xuxa in the list of 10 women of prominence on the planet, next to the English prime minister Margaret Thatcher.
Xuxa : In 2001, she designed the "" audiovisual and the CD and DVD set.
Xuxa : In September 2011, Colombian singer, Shakira, and Xuxa joined forces through their respective charitable foundations to aid children younger than six years old who live in Brazil's poorest communities.
Xuxa : In 1984, she was hired as a model by Ford Models.
Xuxa : The publication highlighted the record sales of albums of the singer, which in 1990 reached 12 million copies, and its success in the Hispanic market, where it reached 300,000 copies with their first album in Spanish.
Xuxa : On 5 March 2015, after 29 years of TV Globo and out of the air for more than a year with the end of "TV Xuxa", the presenter signs with Rede Record.
Xuxa : In 1991, Xuxa appeared in 37th place for "Forbes" among the 40 richest celebrities of that year, with a turnover of $19 million dollars.
Xuxa : Maria da Graça Meneghel was born in Santa Rosa, Rio Grande do Sul, to Luiz Floriano Meneghel and Alda Meneghel (née Alda Flores da Rocha).
Xuxa : The program came to an end on 31 December 1992, after 2000 editions.
Xuxa : When she was seven, she and her family moved to Rio de Janeiro where they lived in the Bento Ribeiro neighborhood.
Xuxa : The "Bobeou Dançou" was a program of rumba based on riddles with two teams formed by adolescents between 13 and 17 years disputed the first place of the competition.
Xuxa : The nickname stuck, though it was not until 1988 that she officially became Maria da Graça Xuxa Meneghel.
Xuxa : Maria da Graça "Xuxa" Meneghel (; born 27 March 1963), commonly known as Xuxa ( ; ), is a Brazilian television host, film actress, singer, model and businesswoman.
Xuxa : "TV Xuxa" returned to TV Globo grid on 10 May 2008, totally refurbished, aimed at the whole family.
Xuxa : Initially created as "Xou of Xuxa" frame, it was so successful that the station decided to launch it as an independent program aimed at the adolescent public.
Xuxa : At the age of 20, in 1983, Xuxa was invited to present the "Clube da Criança" in the extinct TV Manchete.
Xuxa : The name of the program was an allusion to the fictional "TV Xuxa", a television station with several attractions.
Xuxa : Through computer graphics capabilities, Xuxa appeared seated on a globe with a blue background filled with white clouds, and featured 14 pictures that blended entertainment and didactic elements.
Xuxa : With success in the mornings, the program "TV Xuxa" was transferred to the afternoons of Saturday in 2011, replacing the Session of Saturday, that suffered to leave the transmitter in the isolated leadership.
Xuxa : Inspired by "Xuxa Hits", the "Planeta Xuxa" was created, which premiered on 5 April 1997 and immediately became a fever among those who grew up following Xuxa's career.
Xuxa : With the success of the Xuxa project for Baixinhos, which was aimed at children from 0 to 10 years old, the presenter had the desire to create a program in this educational mold, and on 28 October 2002 she debuted "Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação".
Xuxa : The show ceased to show cartoons, invested in jokes, and Xuxa went on to receive her guests on a stage designed for interviews and musical numbers.
Xuxa : In 1990, a new record: the film "Lua de Cristal", its biggest box office hit, sold 4,178 million tickets and ranks 21st in the ranking of most watched national films from 1970 to 2011 according to Ancine (Agência Nacional do Cinema).
Xuxa : The arrival of Xuxa in the headquarters of the station was transmitted live by the "Program of the Tarde", the station organized one of the biggest events of its history with several links with the fans in the door of its headquarters, in São Paulo, the movement of the employees and the signing of a contract with the presence of the high dome of the broadcaster and journalists of various media, at a press conference specially set up for the blonde at the Teatro Record.
Xuxa : The program had two distinct phases and the first was broadcast on Monday morning to the children's audience in a mix of play, dramaturgy, competition, cartoons and musical numbers presentation.
Xuxa : The presenter returned to her children's audience with "Xuxa Park", the Brazilian version of a project of the same name that commanded in Spain.
Xuxa : After successive audience defeats with "Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação", TV Globo reformulated again the attraction commanded by Xuxa that changed its name and age group and on 4 April 2005, it premiered "TV Xuxa".
Xuxa : The show was broadcast on Monday mornings of TV Globo, marking the return of the presenter the broad daily of the station after the end of "Xou da Xuxa".
Xuxa : Initially, "Planeta Xuxa" was shown on TV Globo's Saturday afternoons, so Xuxa presented two shows simultaneously on the same day, as Xuxa Park occupied the broadcasters' mornings.
Xuxa : In parallel to "TV Xuxa", the presenter commanded "Conexão Xuxa" between 2 December 2007 and 11 January 2008.
Xuxa : The program was aired between 25 April and 26 December 1992 on Saturday mornings of TV Globo, replacing "Xou of Xuxa" on that day.
Xuxa : In parallel to the "Xou da Xuxa", the presenter commanded "Bobeou Dançou", between 9 July and 31 December 1989, on Sunday afternoons of TV Globo.
Patricia Cardoso : According to "Entertainment Weekly", it is "one of the most influential movies of the 2000s," and cast "a wide shadow over the new generation of filmmakers to come."
Patricia Cardoso : Patricia Cardoso is an American director, writer, and producer.
Stephenie Meyer : In total, it spent over 50 weeks on the list.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer has worked in film production and has her own production company, Fickle Fish Films.
Stephenie Meyer : In particular, she says that her characters "tend to think more about where they came from, and where they are going, than might be typical."
Stephenie Meyer : Those who took advantage of the free ebook were also encouraged to make donations to the Red Cross.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer makes a brief cameo appearance in a diner scene.
Stephenie Meyer : Over 1.3 million copies were sold on the first day.
Stephenie Meyer : As a member of the LDS Church, Meyer acknowledges that her faith has influenced her work.
Stephenie Meyer : "Twilight" was published in 2005 with a print run of 75,000 copies.
Stephenie Meyer : The book was released on June 5, 2010, by Atom and was available for free between June 7 and July 5 on the official website.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer was raised in Phoenix, Arizona and attended Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Stephenie Meyer : According to Meyer, the idea for "Twilight" came to her in a dream on June 2, 2003 about a human girl and a vampire who was in love with her but thirsted for her blood.
Stephenie Meyer : The fourth installment of the "Twilight" series, "Breaking Dawn", was released with an initial print run of 3.7 million copies.
Stephenie Meyer : Of the 15 letters she wrote, five went unanswered, nine brought rejections, and the last was a positive response from Jodi Reamer of Writers House.
Stephenie Meyer : The "" was released on November 18, 2011, and the on November 16, 2012.
Stephenie Meyer : Her sister's response to the book was enthusiastic and she persuaded Meyer to send the manuscript to literary agencies.
Stephenie Meyer : Before becoming an author, Meyer's only professional work was as a receptionist in a property company.
Stephenie Meyer : Eight publishers competed for the rights to publish "Twilight" in a 2003 auction.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer has dismissed such criticisms, saying both that the books center around Bella's choice, and that her damsel in distress persona is due only to her humanity.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer says that she does not consciously intend her novels to be influenced by her religion, or to promote the virtues of sexual abstinence and spiritual purity, but admits that her writing is shaped by her values, saying, "I don't think my books are going to be really graphic or dark, because of who I am.
Stephenie Meyer : They married in 1994, when Meyer was 21.
Stephenie Meyer : It follows the story of Melanie Stryder and Wanderer, a young woman and an invading alien "soul", who are forced to work as one.
Stephenie Meyer : In 2008, the four "Twilight" books were in the top four spots on "USA Today"s year-end bestseller list.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer cites music as a prominent influence of her writing, and she posts playlists on her website of songs which specifically inspired her books.
Stephenie Meyer : In 2007, the rights were sold to Summit Entertainment.
Stephenie Meyer : In 2011, Meyer started her own production company, Fickle Fish Films, with producer Meghan Hibbett.
Stephenie Meyer : In 1992, Meyer won a National Merit Scholarship, which helped fund her undergraduate studies at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, where she received a BA in English Literature in 1997.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer was the bestselling author of 2008 and 2009 in the U.S., having sold over 29 million books in 2008, and 26.5 million in 2009.
Stephenie Meyer : Chris Weitz directed "New Moon", which was released on November 20, 2009.
Stephenie Meyer : After the release of "Eclipse", the first three "Twilight" books spent a combined 143 weeks on "The New York Times" Best Seller list.
Stephenie Meyer : Bands included most often in her playlists are Muse, Blue October, My Chemical Romance, Coldplay and Linkin Park.
Stephenie Meyer : The novel was named the "Publishers Weekly" Best Book of the Year and a "New York Times" Editor's Choice.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer was the second bestselling author of the decade, according to a list published by Amazon, beaten by J. K. Rowling.
Stephenie Meyer : Following the success of "Twilight", Summit greenlit a film adaptation of the sequel, "".
Stephenie Meyer : Catherine Hardwicke was chosen to direct the film and Melissa Rosenberg wrote the new script.
Stephenie Meyer : In an interview with "Newsweek", author Jodi Picoult said, "Stephenie Meyer has gotten people hooked on books, and that's good for all of us."
Stephenie Meyer : Directed by David Slade, "," an adaptation of the third book in the series, was released on June 30, 2010.
Stephenie Meyer : Forks has thus received attention from fans, and celebrates "Stephenie Meyer Day" on September 13, the date of character Bella Swan's birthday.
Stephenie Meyer : By November, Meyer had signed a $750,000 three-book deal with Little, Brown and Company.
Stephenie Meyer : Despite having expressed intention to write a trilogy, with the second and third books being called "The Soul" and "The Seeker", respectively, Meyer has not published any follow-up novels to "The Host" .
Stephenie Meyer : 82 on "Vanity Fair"'s list of the "Top 100 Information Age Powers" of 2009.
Stephenie Meyer : Stephenie Meyer was born on December 24, 1973 in Hartford, Connecticut, the second of six children to financial officer Stephen Morgan and Candy Morgan, a homemaker.
Stephenie Meyer : She is best known for her vampire romance series "Twilight", which has sold over 100 million copies, with translations into 37 different languages.
Stephenie Meyer : 49 on "Time" magazine's list of the "100 Most Influential People in 2008", and was included in their list of "People Who Mattered", with author Lev Grossman noting, "Maybe Americans aren't ready for a Mormon presidential nominee yet.
Stephenie Meyer : The novel won Meyer a British Book Award for Children's Book of the Year, despite competition from J. K. Rowling's "The Tales of Beedle the Bard".
Stephenie Meyer : The series has sold over 100 million copies worldwide in 37 languages.
Stephenie Meyer : 1 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list and remained on the list for 26 weeks.
Stephenie Meyer : Tymon Smith of "The Times" has described her as the "superstar of young adult fiction".
Stephenie Meyer : Upon the completion of the fourth entry in the series, Meyer indicated that "Breaking Dawn" would be the final novel to be told from Bella Swan's perspective.
Stephenie Meyer : Consequently, Meyer expanded the story into a series with three more books: "New Moon" (2006), "Eclipse" (2007), and "Breaking Dawn" (2008).
Stephenie Meyer : "Midnight Sun" was to be a companion novel to the series, intending to be a retelling of the events of the novel "Twilight", but from the perspective of Edward Cullen.
Stephenie Meyer : In August 2009, "USA Today" revealed that Meyer broke J. K. Rowling's record on their bestseller list; the four "Twilight" books had spent 52 straight weeks in the top 10.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer had hoped to have "Midnight Sun" published shortly after the release of "Breaking Dawn", but after an online leak of a rough draft of its first 12 chapters, Meyer chose to delay the project indefinitely.
Stephenie Meyer : In May 2008, Meyer's adult sci-fi novel "The Host", was released by the adult division of Little, Brown and Company.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer was featured in an issue of the biographical comic "Female Force", a Bluewater Productions title which celebrates influential women in society and pop culture.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer has gained a following among young adult readers of her "Twilight" novels, which are set in the small town of Forks on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer was named one of MSN Lifestyle's "Most Influential Women of 2008" where she was described as a "literary luminary".
Stephenie Meyer : 5 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Chapter Books within a month of its release, and later rose to #1.
Stephenie Meyer : The film was released on March 29, 2013, to generally negative reviews.
Stephenie Meyer : Kristen Stewart was cast first as Bella Swan and Robert Pattinson was cast as Edward Cullen after an audition with Stewart and Pattinson revealed they had good chemistry.
Stephenie Meyer : 5 on "Forbes" list of "Hollywood's Top-Earning Women", the only author on the list, and it was noted that the ""Twilight" series of young-adult vampire books have taken the publishing and film worlds by storm."
Stephenie Meyer : "Entertainment Weekly" has stated that Meyer is "the world's most popular vampire novelist since Anne Rice", while "The Guardian" described her as an "imaginative storyteller, a prolific author and a newly powerful figure in the publishing market."
Stephenie Meyer : 5 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Chapter Books, and in its second week rose to the No.
Stephenie Meyer : Meyer cites many novels as inspiration for the "Twilight" series, including "Jane Eyre" by Charlotte Brontë and L. M. Montgomery's "Anne of Green Gables" and its sequels.
Ute Lemper : She joined the jazz-rock music group known as the Panama Drive Band at the age of 16.
Ute Lemper : Ute Lemper (born 4 July 1963) is a German singer and actress.
Ute Lemper : Later, she graduated from the Dance Academy in Cologne and the Max Reinhardt Seminary Drama School in Vienna.
Megan Rapinoe : I don't think I've hit a ball like that with my left foot.
Megan Rapinoe : The league suspended operations in early 2012.
Megan Rapinoe : She has appeared in multiple commercials for Nike throughout her career.
Megan Rapinoe : I got it to the back post and that beast in the air just got a hold of it."
Megan Rapinoe : It was reported that the "cash considerations" involved in the transfer were $100,000.
Megan Rapinoe : She was granted a medical hardship waiver by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) but did not use it.
Megan Rapinoe : The average salary for a female player in the league was $25,000.
Megan Rapinoe : She and her family commuted two-and-a-half hours from her hometown to play with the team.
Megan Rapinoe : She played in all six games for the United States.
Megan Rapinoe : She also scored a second goal in the 78th minute.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe spent most of her youth playing with teams coached by her father until high school.
Megan Rapinoe : In July 2014, she was featured in the ESPN's "The Body Issue".
Megan Rapinoe : Lyon was eliminated in the Round of 16.
Megan Rapinoe : She made 21 appearances and scored nine goals.
Megan Rapinoe : Her first camp with the under-19 team occurred in January 2003 in Chula Vista, California.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe and her sister both attended the University of Portland in Portland, Oregon.
Megan Rapinoe : Although she had one more season of college eligibility remaining due to her NCAA medical hardship waiver, she opted to enter the Women's Professional Soccer Draft instead.
Megan Rapinoe : Lyon was defeated 1–0 in the final.
Megan Rapinoe : The win was the first for Sydney during the 2011–12 season.
Megan Rapinoe : Average attendance during the 2012 season for the Sounders Women was four times higher than the next closest team.
Megan Rapinoe : magicJack was later defeated 2–0 by the Philadelphia Independence in the final.
Megan Rapinoe : She traveled with the team during a European tour to the Netherlands and Germany in July 2003.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe described her last minute cross against Brazil: "I just took a touch and friggin' smacked it with my left foot.
Megan Rapinoe : She competed in track as a freshman and sophomore; competed in basketball as a freshman, sophomore, and senior; and was on the honor roll every semester of high school.
Megan Rapinoe : Wambach's goal broke the world record for most international goals scored by a male or female.
Megan Rapinoe : She scored her first goal with the team against Mexico on March 1, 2003.
Megan Rapinoe : After the U.S. finished at the top of their group, they were defeated during a penalty kick shootout by Sweden in the championship final.
Megan Rapinoe : The Rapinoe twins almost committed to Santa Clara University before choosing to play for the Portland Pilots on full scholarships.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe and Cahoone announced their engagement in August 2015.
Megan Rapinoe : Elk Grove United finished second at the nationals after the Lazers scored a game-winning goal in the second half.
Megan Rapinoe : After approximately five years together, Rapinoe and Walsh ended their relationship in 2013.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2012, she appeared in an ESPN feature called "Title IX is Mine: USWNT".
Megan Rapinoe : The April 11, 2013, edition of "The New York Times" featured an article about her experiences in France, with the national team, and coming out publicly before the 2012 Olympics.
Megan Rapinoe : She was named to McDonald's All-American Girls High School Soccer West Team in 2004.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe returned to the Reign for the 2015 season.
Megan Rapinoe : The United States tied Japan 2–2 during regular and overtime leading to their second penalty kick shootout of the tournament.
Megan Rapinoe : In March 2019, she, along with 27 of her US Women's soccer teammates filed a lawsuit against the United States Soccer Federation accusing it of gender discrimination.
Megan Rapinoe : She also played at the United States Youth Soccer Association International Tournament in Houston in May 2003.
Megan Rapinoe : Widely regarded as one of the top players of the Olympics, Rapinoe was named to numerous 'Team of the Tournament' lists including those selected by the BBC and All White Kit.
Megan Rapinoe : They were defeated 3–1 in penalties and concluded the tournament with a silver medal.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe assisted on Carli Lloyd's second goal of the final in the 53rd minute.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2013, she became an ambassador for Athlete Ally, a nonprofit organization that focuses on ending homophobia and transphobia in sports.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe has made appearances on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", "The Today Show", "The Rachel Maddow Show", "Meet the Press", "Good Morning America", and "Jimmy Kimmel Live".
Megan Rapinoe : She served an assist in the semi-final against France in which the United States won 3–1.
Megan Rapinoe : She ended the tournament with three goals and a team-high of four assists (tied with Alex Morgan).
Megan Rapinoe : The same year, she was named a finalist for "Sports Illustrated's" Most Inspiring Performers of 2012.
Megan Rapinoe : She tallied a goal and assist in two games played.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe has signed endorsement deals with Nike and Samsung.
Megan Rapinoe : In January 2014, it was announced that Rapinoe had ended her time with Lyon earlier than planned and would be returning to the Seattle Reign for the entire 2014 season.
Megan Rapinoe : On October 25, 2012, she was one of ten female soccer players shortlisted for the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award.
Megan Rapinoe : She made her debut for the senior team on July 23, 2006, during a friendly match against Ireland.
Megan Rapinoe : U.S. defeated Canada 4–3 with a stoppage time goal in the 123rd minute by Alex Morgan.
Megan Rapinoe : She received the Harry Glickman Professional Female Athlete of the Year award at the 60th annual Oregon Sports Awards held on February 12, 2012.
Megan Rapinoe : She was on the starting lineup in six of the seven games in which she played the same year.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe was featured on the cover of the March 2013 edition of "Curve".
Megan Rapinoe : Her 13 assists ranked first for the Pilots as well as in the West Coast Conference and she was named West Coast Conference Player of the Year.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2013, she appeared in advertisements for the clothing company Wildfang and began a partnership with medical device company, DJO Global.
Megan Rapinoe : She is sponsored by Nike, Procter & Gamble, BodyArmor, Hulu, LUNA Bar, Samsung, and DJO Global, and has appeared in multiple promotional pieces for clothing company Wildfang, as well as for Nike.
Megan Rapinoe : She was the focus of a Fox Soccer feature entitled, "Fox Soccer Exclusive: Megan Rapinoe" in November 2012.
Megan Rapinoe : With an additional goal scored by teammate Christen Press in the 61st minute, the United States won 3–1.
Megan Rapinoe : Following the match against Brazil, Rapinoe was named ESPN's Next Level Player of the Week for completing 5 of 10 crosses while the rest of the team was 0 for 18.
Megan Rapinoe : She was profiled in August 6, 2012, edition of "Sports Illustrated", and the July 2012 edition of "Out".
Megan Rapinoe : Upon her return to the team in 2009, she led the team in points with five, including two goals and one assist.
Megan Rapinoe : Of the signing, Sounders head coach Michelle French said, "Stemming from her leadership and success at the University of Portland, Megan has continued to evolve and grow into one of the most exciting, unpredictable, creative, and flashy players in the women's game."
Megan Rapinoe : The United States team clinched the gold medal after defeating Japan 2–1 at Wembley Stadium in front of 80,203 spectators — the largest crowd ever for a women's Olympic soccer game.
Megan Rapinoe : She scored her first two goals on October 1, 2006, during a friendly match against Taiwan.
Megan Rapinoe : In December 2010, Rapinoe signed with expansion team Philadelphia Independence after the Chicago Red Stars ceased operations.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe was awarded the board of directors Award by the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center on November 10, 2012, for bringing awareness to LGBT people in sports.
Megan Rapinoe : Sydney FC went on to finish third in the regular season and advanced to the playoffs where they were defeated by Brisbane Roar in penalty kicks.
Megan Rapinoe : Instead of playing soccer at Foothill High School, Rapinoe played for the Elk Grove Pride club team, located south of Sacramento.
Megan Rapinoe : She was injured in practice and did not play during the final as the team defeated Germany to win the 2013 Algarve Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : Following the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, Rapinoe's hometown of Redding honored her with a parade and named September 10 "Megan Rapinoe Day".
Megan Rapinoe : In January 2013, Rapinoe signed for six months with Olympique Lyonnais, the French side that had previously won six consecutive French league championships and two straight European titles, for a reported €11,000 (or approximately $14,000) a month.
Megan Rapinoe : Despite only playing approximately half of the season (12 out of 22 regular season games), Rapinoe was the Reign's leading scorer with five goals.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe grew up in Redding, California with her parents, Jim and Denise, and five siblings, including her fraternal twin, Rachael Rapinoe.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe would later convert her shot during the penalty shootout to help send the United States to the semi-finals.
Megan Rapinoe : She helped the team secure a 20–2 record scoring five goals and serving 13 assists.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe trained with the United States women's national soccer team for the first time during the team's 2006 Residency Training Camp in Carson, California.
Megan Rapinoe : After the U.S. defeated North Korea 1–0 in their final group stage match, they faced New Zealand in the quarterfinals and won 2–0.
Megan Rapinoe : She publicly came out in the July 2012 edition of "Out" magazine, stating that she had been in a relationship with Australian soccer player Sarah Walsh since 2009.
Megan Rapinoe : In her second game against Melbourne Victory, she scored with seven minutes remaining to seal three points for Sydney.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe played for the under-14 Northern California state Olympic Development Program (ODP) team in 1999, as well as the regional ODP team in 2002.
Megan Rapinoe : She appeared in four games and scored one goal before being traded to magicJack (formerly Washington Freedom) while she was in Germany for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : She finished her time with Lyon having scored 8 goals in 28 matches in all competitions.
Megan Rapinoe : Megan Anna Rapinoe (; born July 5, 1985) is an American professional soccer player who captains Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) and the United States women's national soccer team, playing primarily as a winger.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe's tournament record included one goal and three assists.
Megan Rapinoe : Due to two separate ACL injuries, Rapinoe did not play for the senior team in 2007 or 2008 and subsequently missed the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup and the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Megan Rapinoe : During a match against Washington State University on October 5, she suffered her first season-ending anterior cruciate ligament injury (ACL) injury.
Megan Rapinoe : In December 2014, Rapinoe was inducted into the Shasta County Sports Hall of Fame along with several other athletes from Shasta County including Ryan O'Callaghan and Ricky Ray.
Megan Rapinoe : Her four goals and one assist during the regular season helped the Reign secure the league's regular season title (NWSL Shield) with a record and 54 points – 13 points ahead of the second place team, FC Kansas City.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe played for the United States under-16 national soccer team in 2002 and traveled with the team to France and Houston, Texas.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe scored two goals and assisted on three others.
Megan Rapinoe : On October 25, 2011, the WPS voted to terminate the magicJack franchise, leaving Rapinoe and many other players as free agents for the 2012 season.
Megan Rapinoe : Despite Rapinoe's goal during the championship final, the Reign was ultimately defeated by Kansas City 2–1.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe celebrated her goal by running to the corner to the left of Colombia's goal, picking up an on-field microphone being used for the match's television broadcast, tapping it, and singing Bruce Springsteen's ""Born in the U.S.A."" into it.
Megan Rapinoe : With the addition of Rapinoe, her national team and former Seattle Sounders Women teammate, Hope Solo, and some lineup changes to the front line, the Reign improved their goal-scoring ability and turned their league record around.
Megan Rapinoe : During the dramatic final match against Japan in front of 48,817 spectators at sold-out Commerzbank-Arena in Frankfurt and a record-breaking international television audience, Rapinoe served her third assist of the tournament to Alex Morgan who scored the game-opening goal in the 69th minute.
Megan Rapinoe : Before Rapinoe joined the squad, the team had been struggling to score goals and were in ten games.
Megan Rapinoe : In October 2011, Rapinoe signed with Australian W-League team Sydney FC as a guest player for two games.
Megan Rapinoe : After the United States finished third at the tournament, they traveled to Italy to vie for a place at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in the UEFA-CONCACAF play-off against Italy.
Megan Rapinoe : Winner of the Ballon d'Or Féminin and named The Best FIFA Women's Player in 2019, Rapinoe helped lead the U.S. to win the 2015 and 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup tournaments, a gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics, and finish runners-up at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : From 2003 to 2005, Rapinoe played for the United States under-19 team.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe became the fifth American woman in history to play in a Champions League final when Lyon faced German side VfL Wolfsburg on May 23.
Megan Rapinoe : In August 2009, she was named to the league's All-Star Team and played in the 2009 WPS All-Star Game against Swedish Damallsvenskan champions Umeå IK.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe's 88-point career, including 30 goals and 28 assists, ranks tenth in the school's history despite her playing only 60 games.
Megan Rapinoe : With Rapinoe and her national teammates' presence on the team, the Sounders sold out nine of their ten home matches at the 4,500 capacity Starfire Stadium.
Megan Rapinoe : After suffering a foot injury during the first home match of the 2014 season on April 14, Rapinoe sat out several games and made her second season appearance on July 3 against Western New York Flash.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2005, as a freshman, Rapinoe helped the Pilots to an undefeated season and the NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Championship.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2013, Rapinoe joined Seattle Reign FC to which she had been previously allocated in the National Women's Soccer League.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe played and started all 25 games as an attacking midfielder, scoring 15 goals and adding 13 assists for 43 points – ranking fifth for freshman point totals in the school's history.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe scored against Sweden and China and twice against Guatemala at the 2010 CONCACAF Women's World Cup Qualifying Tournament, in which she played three games.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe achieved a career-best 8 goals and 12 assists for the United States in 2012.
Megan Rapinoe : After taking her time to recover from her second ACL injury, Rapinoe returned for the 2008 season and was on the starting lineup in all 22 games for the Pilots.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe was named to the United States roster for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : Despite her injury, she was one of four Portland players in the program's history, including Christine Sinclair, Tiffeny Milbrett, and Shannon MacMillan, to score 25 goals and 15 assists in two seasons.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's first group stage match against Australia, she scored the game opening goal in the 12th minute.
Megan Rapinoe : During the summer of 2012, Rapinoe joined fellow national team members Hope Solo, Sydney Leroux, Alex Morgan and Stephanie Cox to play with the Seattle Sounders Women in between camps with the national team as they prepared for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe made two appearances during the regular season with the team, serving two assists.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2010, she started in 19 of the 20 games in which she appeared for the Red Stars.
Megan Rapinoe : She later scored a goal and served an assist during Lyon's 6–1 win over FCF Juvisy in the second leg of the semi-finals.
Megan Rapinoe : She previously played for the Chicago Red Stars, Philadelphia Independence, and MagicJack in Women's Professional Soccer (WPS), as well as Olympique Lyonnais in France's Division 1 Féminine.
Megan Rapinoe : She was on the starting lineup in 17 of the 18 games in which she appeared for the Red Stars for a total of 1,375 minutes on the pitch.
Megan Rapinoe : During the US Youth Soccer National Championships, she scored an equalizer goal in the 18th minute to tie the game 1–1 against the Peachtree City Lazers.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe is an advocate for numerous LGBT organizations, including the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network (GLSEN) and Athlete Ally.
Megan Rapinoe : During the 2013–14 Champions League, she made four appearances for Lyon and scored one goal during the team's 6–0 defeat of FC Twente.
Megan Rapinoe : From 2002 to 2005, Rapinoe played for Elk Grove Pride in the Women's Premier Soccer League (WPSL) along with her sister, Rachael, and future national teammate, Stephanie Cox.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe helped lead the United States to a gold medal at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2007, Rapinoe suffered her second season-ending ACL injury two games into the season.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe concluded her Champions League debut having made five appearances, scoring two goals and serving one assist.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe made her UEFA Women's Champions League debut during the first leg of the 2012–13 quarterfinal against FC Malmö on March 20.
Megan Rapinoe : During the 2012 London Olympics, she scored three goals and tallied a team-high four assists to lead the United States to a gold medal.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe played in six regular season matches for the team, scoring two goals primarily playing as a left winger in the squad's 4–3–3 formation.
Megan Rapinoe : During a dramatic semi-final match against Canada at Old Trafford, Rapinoe scored two game-equalizing goals in the 54th and 70th minutes.
Megan Rapinoe : In April 2015, Rapinoe was named to the roster for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada coached by national team head coach Jill Ellis.
Megan Rapinoe : With her two goals, Rapinoe is one of only five players, including Wei Haiying, Cristiane, Angela Hucles and Christine Sinclair, to have scored two goals during an Olympic semi-final.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe has done philanthropic work for the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network (GLSEN) and the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee.
Megan Rapinoe : At the 2013 Algarve Cup in Portugal, Rapinoe was named the Player of the Tournament, despite playing in only two of the four matches in which the United States competed.
Megan Rapinoe : After returning to Lyon for the 2013–14 season, Rapinoe scored three goals in her eight appearances for the club.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe was selected second overall in the 2009 WPS Draft by the Chicago Red Stars for the inaugural season of Women's Professional Soccer (WPS), the highest division of soccer in the United States at the time.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe made the NCAA Women's Soccer Championship All Tournament Team and was the West Coast Conference Freshman of the Year.
Megan Rapinoe : During a friendly match against South Korea on June 20, 2013, Rapinoe served a corner kick that ended up being the assist for Abby Wambach's record-breaking 159th international goal.
Megan Rapinoe : During a friendly match against New Zealand at Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California, Rapinoe scored the game-opening goal on a direct free kick (her 23rd international goal) to help the U.S. win 4–1 and was named Player of the Match.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe played in three matches at the 2004 CONCACAF Under-19 qualifying tournament, scoring three goals.
Megan Rapinoe : In March 2013, Rapinoe was named Player of the Tournament at the 2013 Algarve Cup, which the U.S. won.
Megan Rapinoe : During the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Thailand she scored a team-high three goals, including one in the third place match victory against Brazil.
Megan Rapinoe : She is the first player, male or female, to score a goal directly from a corner at the Olympic Games.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's second group stage match against Colombia, she entered the match during the 50th minute and scored almost immediately to put the United States up 2–0.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's second match of the series, Rapinoe served the assist for Amy Rodriguez's game-winning goal helping the United States earn a berth to the 2011 World Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : During the 2009 Algarve Cup, Rapinoe scored the game-winning goal against Norway leading the team to a 1–0 victory during the team's third group stage match of the tournament.
Megan Rapinoe : She was also named a Soccer America First-Team All-American and NSCAA Second Team All-American.
Megan Rapinoe : As a sophomore in 2006, Rapinoe was among the nation's leading scorers with ten goals and two assists in eleven matches.
Megan Rapinoe : She was subsequently named the league's NWSL Player of the Week for week 1 of the season.
Megan Rapinoe : She is the first and so far only player, male or female, to score an Olimpico at the Olympic Games.
Megan Rapinoe : Her precise cross to Abby Wambach in the 122nd minute of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup quarterfinal match against Brazil resulted in an equalizer goal and eventual win for the Americans after a penalty shootout.
Megan Rapinoe : Rapinoe scored two goals in her eight regular season appearances for magicJack helping the team finish third in the league standings and secure a spot in the playoffs.
Megan Rapinoe : During the College Cup final against UCLA, she scored one goal and served an assist helping the Pilots win 4–0.
Megan Rapinoe : She was also named to the All-West Coast Conference First Team and the All-West Coast Conference Freshman Team.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's first match against Western New York Flash, she scored her first professional hat trick and served an assist to Jess Fishlock to help the Reign defeat the Flash 5–1.
Megan Rapinoe : In 2010, Rapinoe started eight of the ten games she played and scored four goals with two assists.
Megan Rapinoe : After scoring two goals and serving one assist during a 4–1 win over the Chicago Red Stars on July 25, 2013, she was named NWSL Player of the Week by the media for Week 16 of the 2013 NWSL season.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's semi-final match against the Boston Breakers on August 17, 2011, Rapinoe scored in the 61st minute solidifying the team's 3–1 win and advancement to the championship final.
Megan Rapinoe : During a match against her former team in the WPS, the Chicago Red Stars, Rapinoe played a direct role in all of Seattle's four goals – leading the team to a 4–1 win over Chicago.
Megan Rapinoe : During the quarterfinal match against Brazil, Rapinoe came on as a substitute and served the precise cross to Abby Wambach's equalizer goal in the 122nd minute of the game: a goal that holds the record for latest goal ever scored in a World Cup match.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's second group stage match against Colombia, she scored the game-winning goal in the 33rd minute in what became a 3–0 win for the Americans.
Megan Rapinoe : Also in 2015, she was named NWSL Player of the Week for Week 1 of the 2015 NWSL season.
Megan Rapinoe : She was named NSCAA First Team All-American and was on the Soccer America First Team Freshman All-America.
Megan Rapinoe : During the College Cup quarterfinal against Notre Dame, she scored twice and served one assist, helping the Pilots win 3–1 and advance in the College Cup.
Megan Rapinoe : During the team's playoff semi-final match against Washington Spirit, Rapinoe scored a goal helping the Reign win 2–1 and advance to the championship final against FC Kansas City.
Megan Rapinoe : After scoring two goals and serving one assist during the match, she was named NWSL Player of the Week for Week 16 for the 2013 NWSL season.
Kiti Mánver : She has appeared in more than 100 films and television shows since 1970.
Kiti Mánver : María Isabel Ana Mantecón Vernalte (born 11 May 1953), better known as Kiti Mánver, is a Spanish actress.
Kiti Mánver : In 2015, she came to the London stage to play the lead role in "Las heridas del viento", a play by Juan Carlos Rubio, as part of the III Festival of Spanish Theatre in London (Festelón).
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : They divorced in 2017.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : Her perfumes belong to Puig company.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : She opened her first studio in the Spanish capital and began to participate in fashion shows in Madrid and Barcelona.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : In 2016 they separated, three months after their marriage in Madrid.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : Agatha was a promoter of the “Movida Madrileña,” an artistic and Cultural Revolution in the 1980s.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : Águeda Isabel Ruiz de la Prada y Sentmenat, 12th Marchioness of Castelldosríus, 29th Baroness of Santa Pau, GE (born 22 July 1960) better known as Agatha Ruiz de la Prada () is a Spanish fashion designer and aristocrat.
Ágatha Ruiz de la Prada : In 1991, Agatha licensed her brand, expanding her line to include men´s, women´s and children´s fashion, ceramics, toys, shoes, linens and towels, make-up and more.
Jill Biden : She taught English and reading in high schools for 13 years, and also taught adolescents with emotional disabilities at a psychiatric hospital.
Jill Biden : She is the founder of the Biden Breast Health Initiative non-profit organization, co-founder of the Book Buddies program, co-founder of the Biden Foundation, is active in Delaware Boots on the Ground, and is co-founder of Joining Forces with Michelle Obama.
Jill Biden : Jill Tracy Biden (, previously Stevenson; born June 3, 1951) is an American educator.
Jill Biden : She was born in Hammonton, New Jersey, and grew up in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania.
Jill Biden : She is the wife of the 47th vice president of the United States, Joe Biden, and served as second lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017.
Jill Biden : Since 2009, she has been a professor of English at Northern Virginia Community College and is thought to be the first second lady to hold a paying job while her husband was vice president.
Jill Biden : From 1993 to 2008, she was an English and writing instructor at Delaware Technical & Community College.
Jill Biden : Jacobs graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Delaware later in 1975.
Gail Kim : This earned her a championship match the following week, which she failed to win.
Gail Kim : She attended York Memorial Collegiate Institute and majored in kinesiology at the University of Toronto before transferring to Ryerson University and changing her major to nutrition.
Gail Kim : On August 5, Kim announced on her Twitter account that she had quit WWE following the incident.
Gail Kim : ", when Kim defeated Jacqueline under street fight rules.
Gail Kim : After her retirement, she accepted a role as a producer and agent with Impact Wrestling, where her role would be to work with the women that are currently signed in the company.
Gail Kim : In October 2002, she was hired by the WWF, now renamed World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
Gail Kim : On June 10 at Slammiversary, Kim lost the title to Miss Tessmacher, ending her reign at 210 days.
Gail Kim : Kim, however, was released by WWE on November 3, 2004 as a result of cost cutting.
Gail Kim : In December, in order to prevent any shenanigans from their upcoming match, Kim was announced as the special guest referee for the next encounter between the two Knockouts, that was set for January 6, 2019, at "Impact Wrestling Homecoming".
Gail Kim : She debuted in December 2000, wearing a mask and wrestling as "The Queen of the Cats" La Felina in the Southern Ontario-based Apocalypse Wrestling Federation.
Gail Kim : Kim received her rematch for the title on the July 12 episode of "Impact Wrestling", but was again defeated by Tessmacher.
Gail Kim : On the April 17 episode of "SmackDown", Kim defeated then-Divas Champion Maryse.
Gail Kim : Gail Kim (born February 20, 1977) is a retired Canadian-American professional wrestler, currently signed to Impact Wrestling, where she serves as a producer.
Gail Kim : At the event, after she attacked Kim multiple times, Blanchard lost the Impact Wrestling Knockouts Championship to Valkyrie after Kim used her finishing move ""Eat Defeat"" on Tessa Blanchard.
Gail Kim : Kim eliminated Miss Tessmacher, ODB and Mickie James but was eventually eliminated by Velvet Sky after referee Taryn Terrell failed to notice Kim's foot under the ropes.
Gail Kim : In late–November, Kim was inserted in the feud between Taya Valkyrie and Tessa Blanchard, after the latter had retained her title by attacking the referee.
Gail Kim : On the September 16 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kim won her fifth Knockouts Championship by winning a four-way match also involving Brooke, Lei'D Tapa and Awesome Kong.
Gail Kim : She made her return as a fan favorite on the March 27, 2009 episode of "SmackDown", interrupting a WWE Divas Championship match between the villainous Diva's Champion, Maryse and Michelle McCool by attacking both competitors.
Meghan Ory : After receiving the Fine Arts Award for Acting from Royal Oak in 1996, she began pursuing a career in acting.
Meghan Ory : Ory was born in Victoria, British Columbia, and attended Royal Oak Middle School and then Claremont Secondary School.
Meghan Ory : She continued working in television with guest appearances on "The Outer Limits", "Dark Angel", "Glory Days", and "Maybe It’s Me".
Meghan Ory : Meghan Ory (born August 20, 1982) is a Canadian television and film actress.
Meghan Ory : She appeared in the TV movies "Lucky 7" and "National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion" in 2003, as well as the TV series "Smallville", "Life As We Know It", and "The Collector", and "Family Reunion" in 2004.
Meghan Ory : Also in 2004, Ory made her feature film debut in "Decoys", directed by Matthew Hastings, whom she had previously worked with on "Higher Ground" and "Vampire High".
Meghan Ory : After appearing on the MTV series "2ge+her" (2000), Ory joined the cast of the Canadian television series "Vampire High" in 2001.
Meghan Ory : Her first professional acting role came in 1999 in the Fox Family Channel television movie, "The Darklings", opposite Suzanne Somers and Timothy Busfield.
Meghan Ory : She is best known for her role as Red Riding Hood/Ruby on the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time" and also starred in the short-lived CBS drama "Intelligence" as Riley Neal.
Meghan Ory : A guest appearance on the television series "" followed, before she landed her first regular TV role on the Fox Family series "Higher Ground" in 2000, along with Hayden Christensen and A.J.
Léonora Miano : Léonora Miano (born 1973, in Douala) is a Cameroonian author.
Léonora Miano : Her writing has won several literary awards, including the Louis Guilloux Prize (2006), the Montalembert Prize (2006), the René Fallet Prize (2006), the Bernard Palissy Prize (2006), the Prix Goncourt des Lycéens (2006) and the Prix Fémina (2013).
Brooke Shields : Nothing."
Brooke Shields : The series ended a year later.
Brooke Shields : Her performance was widely praised.
Brooke Shields : The TV ad included her saying the famous tagline, "You want to know what comes between me and my Calvins?
Brooke Shields : For her confirmation at age 10, she took the name "Camille".
Brooke Shields : In the June 2009 issue of "Health" magazine, Shields related that she lost her virginity at age 22 to actor Dean Cain while they were dating at Princeton.
Brooke Shields : She won the People's Choice Award in the category of Favorite Young Performer in four consecutive years from 1981 to 1984.
Brooke Shields : Her paternal grandmother was Italian noblewoman Marina Torlonia di Civitella-Cesi, who was the daughter of an Italian prince and an American socialite.
Brooke Shields : Brooke Christa Shields (born May 31, 1965) is an American actress and model.
Brooke Shields : She graduated from the Dwight-Englewood School in Englewood, New Jersey, in 1983.
Ming-Na Wen : ", which premiered on September 24, 2013.
Ming-Na Wen : Her mother remarried, to Soo Lim Yee, and the family moved to New York City when Wen was four years old.
Ming-Na Wen : Together they have two children, a daughter, Michaela Kitlin, born on November 21, 2000, and a son, Cooper Dominic Zee, born on October 12, 2005.
Ming-Na Wen : Lebanon, Pennsylvania, she attended Mount Lebanon High School and graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 1986.
Ming-Na Wen : She also voiced Aki Ross in the computer animated film "", and Detective Ellen Yin in the animated series "The Batman".
Ming-Na Wen : Wen is also known for her role as Dr. Jing-Mei "Deb" Chen in the medical drama series "ER" (1995–2004).
Ming-Na Wen : Ming-Na Wen (; born November 20, 1963) is an Chinese-American actress and voice actress.
Ming-Na Wen : From 1988 to 1991, she played Lien Hughes, the daughter of Tom Hughes, on the soap opera "As the World Turns".
Ming-Na Wen : Wen plays Agent Melinda May in the ABC action drama series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Björk : during the song.
Björk : This was followed in early 2005 by "Triumph of a Heart", charting at number 31.
Björk : "Vespertine" and "Medúlla" were already available in 5.1 as either DVD-A or SACD but are also included in the box set in repackaged format.
Björk : Björk is reported to have sold between 20 and 40 million records worldwide .
Björk : The album was released in April in the UK and in late May 2005 in the US.
Björk : By January 2006, the album had raised around £250,000 to help UNICEF's work in the southeast Asian region.
Björk : Björk's former band, the Sugarcubes, reunited for a one-night-only concert in Reykjavík on 17 November 2006.
Björk : Their album "Miranda" was released in December 1983.
Björk : "Um Úrnat frá Björk" was distributed in 1984.
Björk : This project recruited fans and musicians from around the world to either cover or remix the 1995 track, "Army of Me".
Björk : "Björk Digital" has travelled the world with stops in London, Montreal, Houston, Los Angeles and Barcelona.
Björk : Filming began in early 1999, and the film debuted in 2000 at the 53rd Cannes Film Festival.
Björk : In August 2004, Björk performed the song "Oceania" at the Opening Ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Björk : Several of Björk's albums have reached the top 20 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, the most recent being "Vulnicura" (2015).
Björk : On 26 April 1997, Björk received the award of the Order of the Falcon.
Björk : The band went on hiatus following the lack of reception of "Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!"
Björk : She has also won five BRIT Awards and has been nominated for 15 Grammy Awards.
Björk : Björk moved to London to pursue a solo career; she began working with producer Nellee Hooper (who had produced Massive Attack, among others).
Björk : After the tsunami which struck Southeast Asia in late 2004, Björk began work on a new project titled "" to help raise money for a relief fund.
Björk : Björk was included in "Time"'s 2015 list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
Björk : From over 600 responses Björk and her co-writer Graham Massey picked the best twenty to appear on the album.
Björk : Her father is Guðmundur Gunnarsson, a union leader and electrician.
Björk : She has had 31 singles reach the top 40 on pop charts around the world, with 22 top 40 hits in the UK, including the top 10 hits "It's Oh So Quiet", "Army of Me", and "Hyperballad".
Björk : The recording was nationally broadcast and, after hearing it, a representative of the Fálkinn record label offered Björk a recording contract.
Björk : She has won the 2010 Polar Music Prize from the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in recognition of her "deeply personal music and lyrics, her precise arrangements, and her unique voice."
Björk : She was ranked both sixtieth and eighty-first in "Rolling Stone"'s 100 greatest singers and songwriters lists respectively.
Björk : Björk contributed a cover of Joni Mitchell's song "The Boho Dance" to the album "A Tribute to Joni Mitchell" (2007).
Björk : During this era, Björk earned another BRIT Awards nomination for Best International Female Solo Artist.
Björk : The film received the Palme d'Or, and Björk received the Best Actress Award for her role.
Björk : "Homogenic" was her first conceptually self-contained album and is regarded as one of Björk's most experimental and extroverted works to date, with enormous beats that reflect the landscape of Iceland, most notably in the song "Jóga", which fuses lush strings with rocky electronic crunches.
Björk : In 2006, Björk remastered her first three solo studio albums ("Debut", "Post", "Homogenic") and her two soundtrack albums ("Selmasongs" and "Drawing Restraint 9") in 5.1 surround sound for a re-issue in a new box-set titled "Surrounded", released on 27 June.
Björk : The video for "Bachelorette" was directed by frequent collaborator Michel Gondry, while "All Is Full of Love" was directed by Chris Cunningham.
Björk : Björk also contributed to the 1995 Hector Zazou collaborative album "Chansons des mers froides", singing the traditional Icelandic song "Vísur Vatnsenda-Rósu".
Björk : Profits from the concert were donated to the Sugarcubes' former label, Smekkleysa, who according to Björk's press statement, "continue to work on a non-profit basis for the future betterment of Icelandic music".
Björk : Björk Guðmundsdóttir OTF ( , ; born 21 November 1965) is an Icelandic singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and DJ.
Björk : In 1982, she and bassist Jakob Magnússon formed another group, Tappi Tíkarrass ("Cork the Bitch's Ass " in Icelandic), and released EP "Bitið fast í vitið" ("Bite Hard Into Hell" in Icelandic), in August 1982.
Björk : In the same year, she recorded "Gling-Gló", a collection of popular jazz and original work, with the jazz group Tríó Guðmundar Ingólfssonar, which was still her best-selling album in her home country.
Jana Dukátová : Jana Dukátová (born 13 June 1983 in Bratislava) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 1999.
China Anne McClain : Farm".
China Anne McClain : She also sings the series theme song, "Exceptional".
China Anne McClain : Farm" on October 11, 2011.
China Anne McClain : The film will be released in the summer.
China Anne McClain : The "A.N.T.
China Anne McClain : She also appeared in the Chiddy Bang Opposite of Adults music video.
China Anne McClain : She has appeared in an episode of "PrankStars".
China Anne McClain : McClain was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia.
China Anne McClain : Her mother, Shontell, is a songwriter.
China Anne McClain : McClain's career began in 2005 when she was seven years old, acting in the film "The Gospel" (2005).
China Anne McClain : After less than a week, more than 1 million views on YouTube were reported.
China Anne McClain : On the same day, it was revealed that the McClain Sisters had left Hollywood Records.
China Anne McClain : She also appeared in the movie "Grown Ups", as Charlotte McKenzie.
China Anne McClain : She appears in the movie "Daddy's Little Girls" with her sisters, Sierra and Lauryn, who are also actresses and play her older sisters in the film.
China Anne McClain : China Anne's first music video, for "Dynamite", premiered on July 23, 2011 on Disney Channel.
China Anne McClain : On September 28, 2011, China Anne released "Calling All The Monsters" to iTunes.
China Anne McClain : Her father, Michael McClain, is a music producer.
China Anne McClain : "Calling All The Monsters" charted number 100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
China Anne McClain : On November 24, 2011, China performed her song "Unstoppable" in the 85th Macy's Thanksgiving Parade.
China Anne McClain : For the show, McClain recorded a cover of Taio Cruz's "Dynamite".
China Anne McClain : McClain was discovered in 2005 by a music executive who heard her sing and encouraged director Rob Hardy to audition her for his 2005 feature film "The Gospel".
China Anne McClain : China Anne McClain (born August 25, 1998) is an American actress and singer.
China Anne McClain : However, she became nationally known after 2007, when she joined the cast of the series "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" as Jazmine Payne.
China Anne McClain : McClain sings six songs and two solos with her sisters on the soundtrack, which debuted in the "Billboard" 200 at number 29 with 14,000 copies sold in its first week.
China Anne McClain : McClain appeared on the Disney Channel series "Wizards of Waverly Place" in 2011 as Tina in one episode entitled "Wizards vs. Angels".
China Anne McClain : In 2011, McClain was cast as the lead role in the Disney Channel series "A.N.T.
China Anne McClain : In 2018, McClain began portraying Jennifer Pierce in The CW superhero series "Black Lightning".
Rosemary Harris : In 2002, she appeared as Aunt May Parker in the first film adaptation of "Spider-Man", reprising the role in the sequels "Spider-Man 2" (2004) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).
Rosemary Harris : Rabb directed her one last time as Natasha in "War and Peace" in 1967, the same year they agreed to divorce.
Rosemary Harris : She attended convent schools, and later studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 1951 to 1952.
Rosemary Harris : Her father was in the Royal Air Force and as a result, Harris' family lived in India during her childhood.
Rosemary Harris : They settled in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where their daughter, Jennifer, was born in 1969.
Rosemary Harris : She met Ellis Rabb who had plans to start his own producing company on Broadway.
Rosemary Harris : A little while later, Harris married the American writer John Ehle.
Rosemary Harris : By 1959, the "Association of Producing Artist" (APA) was established, and she and Rabb were married on 4 December of that year.
Rosemary Harris : Returning to New York, she worked further with the APA, and then was cast as Eleanor of Aquitaine in "The Lion in Winter", a performance that garnered her a Tony Award in 1966.
Rosemary Harris : She first appeared in New York in 1951 in Moss Hart's "Climate of Eden", and then returned to Britain for her West End debut in "The Seven Year Itch" which ran for a year at the Aldwich.
Rosemary Harris : Her first film followed, "Beau Brummell" (1954) with Stewart Granger and Elizabeth Taylor, and then a touring season with the Old Vic brought her back to Broadway in Tyrone Guthrie's production of "Troilus and Cressida".
Rosemary Harris : In 1964, she was Ophelia to Peter O'Toole's "Hamlet" in the inaugural production of the Royal National Theatre of Great Britain.
Rosemary Harris : In 1962, she returned to Britain and Chichester Festival Theatre during its opening season when the director was Laurence Olivier; she appeared as Elena in Olivier's celebrated 1962–63 Chichester production of "Uncle Vanya".
Rosemary Harris : In 1948, she acted in "Kiss and Tell" at Eastbourne with Tilsa Page and John Clark and later with Anthony Cundell's company at Penzance, where she played the mother in "Black Chiffon".
Rosemary Harris : Rosemary Ann Harris (born 19 September 1927) is an English actress.
Sun Chunlan : After graduating with a degree in mechanics from Anshan Industrial Technology Academy in Liaoning, Sun worked at Anshan Clock Factory, which made watches.
Sun Chunlan : Sun was born in May 1950 in Raoyang County, Hebei.
Sun Chunlan : Sun was named the Vice-Chair of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions at the Third Session of the 14th ACFTU Executive Committee, and then the First Secretary of the ACFTU Secretariat at the Eighth Session of the 14th ACFTU Presidium In December 2005.
Sun Chunlan : She served in the post from 2001 to 2005, before being transferred to work in Beijing.
Sun Chunlan : She was also an alternate member of the 15th and 16th Central Committees of the Communist Party of China, and a full member of the 17th, 18th and 19th Central Committees.
Marisa Berenson : But it was just normal.
Marisa Berenson : The couple have one daughter, Starlite Melody Randall (born 1977).
Marisa Berenson : She appeared in numerous fashion layouts in Vogue in the late 1960s and early 1970s and her sister Berry was a photographer for the magazine as well.
Marisa Berenson : She was known as "The Queen of the Scene" for her frequent appearances at nightclubs and other social venues in her youth, and Yves Saint Laurent dubbed her "the girl of the Seventies".
Marisa Berenson : Vittoria Marisa Schiaparelli Berenson (born February 15, 1947) is an American actress and model.
Marisa Berenson : On September 11, 2001, her younger sister and sole sibling, Berry Perkins, widow of actor Anthony Perkins, was killed in the first flight to hit the World Trade Center.
Marisa Berenson : Berenson appeared in a number of other movies including "Casanova & Co." (1977), "Killer Fish" (1979), the Blake Edwards comedy "S.O.B."
Gracia Querejeta : Her father is the film producer Elías Querejeta and she studied Ancient History in the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
Gracia Querejeta : Gracia Querejeta Marín (; born 13 August 1962, in Madrid) is a Spanish film director.
Priyanka Chopra : My dad was in the army and was posted there.
Priyanka Chopra : Her third single, a cover of Bonnie Raitt's "I Can't Make You Love Me" was released in April 2014.
Priyanka Chopra : Chopra is known in the Indian media and film industry for her professionalism and is often referred to as "Piggy Chops", a nickname given her by co-stars on the set of "Bluffmaster!"
Priyanka Chopra : In 2006, Chopra established herself as a leading actress of Indian cinema with starring roles in the top-grossing productions "Krrish" and "Don", and she later reprised her role in their sequels.
Priyanka Chopra : The deal indicated that her first studio album would be released by Interscope Records in North America and by Island Records elsewhere.
Priyanka Chopra : Priyanka Chopra Jonas (; born 18 July 1982) is an Indian actress, singer, film producer, and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant.
Priyanka Chopra : Travelling to the United States to work on her album, Chopra collaborated with Sam Watters, Matthew Koma and Jay Sean.
Priyanka Chopra : The song received mixed reviews from critics, and was a commercial success in India; it sold more than 130,000 copies in its first week, topped the Hindi pop chart and was certified triple platinum.
Priyanka Chopra : "Exotic" debuted at number 16 on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Songs and number 11 on the Dance/Electronic Digital Songs chart in 27 July 2013 issue.
Priyanka Chopra : (2012), "Mary Kom" (2014), and "Bajirao Mastani" (2015).
Priyanka Chopra : Her first recording, the song "Ullathai Killathe" in the Tamil film "Thamizhan" (2002), was made at the urging of her director and co-star, Vijay (who had noticed her singing on the set).
Anna Ushenina : She became the Ukrainian Girls' (under 20) champion at 15 years.
Anna Ushenina : Ushenina lives in Kharkiv, where she was born.
Anna Ushenina : During this period, her coach was International Master Artiom Tsepotan.
Anna Ushenina : Afterwards she received more coaching at a specialist facility in Kramatorsk.
Anna Ushenina : Determined that the young Ushenina should develop intellectual and creative talents, her mother introduced her to chess at the age of seven, along with painting and music.
Caroline Lawrence : "The Roman Mysteries" combine Caroline's love of art history, ancient languages and travel.
Caroline Lawrence : In 2000 she wrote "The Thieves of Ostia", the first in a series of children's adventure stories set in Ancient Rome, the book was published in 2001.
Caroline Lawrence : There, at Newnham College, she studied Classical Art and Archaeology.
Caroline Lawrence : Her father taught English and drama in a local high school and her mother was an artist.
Caroline Lawrence : She then taught Latin, French and art at a small London primary school.
Caroline Lawrence : Her American parents returned to the United States shortly afterwards and she grew up in Bakersfield, California with her younger brother and sister.
Caroline Lawrence : She afterwards studied Classics at Berkeley, where she won a Marshall Scholarship to Cambridge.
Caroline Lawrence : When she was twelve, Caroline's family moved to Stanford University in northern California so that her father could study Linguistics.
Caroline Lawrence : Lawrence was born in London, England.
Caroline Lawrence : After Cambridge, Caroline remained in England, and later took an MA in Hebrew and Jewish Studies at University College London.
Heather Mitts : Heather Mitts Feeley (born June 9, 1978), née Heather Blaine Mitts, is an American former professional soccer defender.
Heather Mitts : She was also a member of the U.S. national team who finished second in the 2006 Algarve Cup.
Walter Pedraza : Walter Fernando Pedraza Morales (born November 27, 1981 in Soacha) is a Colombian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental Team .
Xie Xingfang : However, once she entered the Chinese national team, she switched to singles.
Xie Xingfang : Xie Xingfang (born January 8, 1981) is a retired Chinese badminton player from Guangzhou, Guangdong.
Xie Xingfang : In 2006 Xie and Lin won their respective women's and men's singles titles at the IBF World Championships in Madrid.
Xie Xingfang : Her first big title was in girls' doubles, with her provincial team mate Zhang Jiewen, at the World Junior Championships in 1998.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn and Peter announced in October 2011, that the couple were expecting their second child.
Autumn Phillips : She retains her Canadian citizenship.
Autumn Phillips : Her six bridesmaids included Zara Phillips, her husband's sister.
Autumn Phillips : In 2010, the couple returned to London after living in Hong Kong, where he has a job with the Royal Bank of Scotland, heading their sports sponsorship activities in the region.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn graduated from McGill in 2002, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in East Asian studies, whereupon she started a career as a management consultant.
Autumn Phillips : She was baptised on 18 June 1978, at Saint John Fisher Parish Church, and raised in Cedar Park, Pointe-Claire, in the English speaking West Island region of Montreal.
Autumn Phillips : Prior to the marriage, Autumn, raised Roman Catholic, was received into the Church of England (Anglican) which does not re-Confirm persons who were raised in Churches with the Apostolic Succession; had she remained Catholic after her marriage, her husband would have lost his place in the line of succession to the throne, per the provisions of the Act of Settlement 1701.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn's family continued to live in the Pointe-Claire area, where she attended a Roman Catholic primary school, and then St. Thomas High School, a Roman Catholic foundation.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn then attended McGill University, during which time she worked as a bartender, model, and actress, appearing in the 1996 film "Rainbow", taking the non-speaking, though credited, role of Tigrette Number 3, and later in the television series "Sirens".
Autumn Phillips : After graduating from McGill University in 2002, Autumn Kelly met Peter Phillips in her birthplace and hometown of Montreal, Quebec; their engagement was announced in July 2007, and they married in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, on 17 May 2008.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn attended the 2003 Canadian Grand Prix, where she met Peter Phillips – who was, at the time, working for WilliamsF1 while interviewing with the Canadian Security Intelligence Service – though she did not know until six weeks later, when she saw him on television, that he was Queen Elizabeth II's grandson.
Autumn Phillips : She then moved to the United Kingdom, living with Phillips in a Kensington, London, apartment and a cottage on the Gatcombe Park estate, and, though before meeting Phillips she had accepted a job with an American computer firm in England, Autumn later worked as a personal assistant to broadcaster Sir Michael Parkinson, while also attending royal events, such as the dinner party at the Ritz Hotel for the Queen's 80th birthday.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn, her twin brother Christopher "Chris", and her older brother Kevin were born in Montreal, Quebec, to Kathleen "Kitty" (née McCarthy) and Brian Kelly, an electricity company executive.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn's engagement to Peter Phillips was announced by Buckingham Palace on 28 July 2007, and the Queen subsequently gave her consent to the union, as required by the Royal Marriages Act 1772, in a meeting of her British Privy Council on 9 April of the following year.
Autumn Phillips : Autumn Patricia Phillips (née Kelly, 3 May 1978) is the wife of Peter Phillips, the son of Princess Anne, and the oldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip.
Autumn Phillips : The couple married on 17 May 2008, at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle with 300 guests in attendance, the service conducted by David Conner, Dean of Windsor, and Autumn's dress designed by Sassi Holford.
Natalya Nazarova : She was born in Moscow.
Natalya Nazarova : She did get a silver in the relay.
Natalya Nazarova : She finished fourth at the 2003 World Championships.
Natalya Nazarova : Natalya Viktorovna Nazarova (, born May 26, 1979, Moscow) is a track and field sprinter.
Natalya Nazarova : Following a personal best time of 49.65 seconds run a fortnight earlier, Natalya had lost form by the start of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, and only just made the final finishing 8th.
Darlene Vogel : She is also known for her role on the soap opera "One Life to Live" as Dr. Melanie Farrell McIver from January 2000 to October 2001.
Darlene Vogel : Vogel has appeared in numerous TV roles, with probably best known role being a part on the USA Network TV series, "Pacific Blue" as Officer Chris Kelly from 1996 to 1999.
Darlene Vogel : Vogel's other films include are "Ski School", "Angel 4: Undercover", and "Ring of Steel".
Darlene Vogel : She has made guest appearances on TV shows, including "Full House", "Farscape", "Northern Exposure", "Boy Meets World" and "".
Elizabeth Strout : Her father was a science professor, and her mother was an English professor and also taught writing in a nearby high school.
Elizabeth Strout : Elizabeth Strout (born January 6, 1956) is a US-American novelist and author.
Elizabeth Strout : Five years later, she published "The Burgess Boys" (2013), which became a national bestseller.
Elizabeth Strout : That year her first story was published in "New Letters" magazine.
Elizabeth Strout : She continued to write stories that were published in literary magazines, as well as in "Redbook" and "Seventeen".
Elizabeth Strout : Strout was born in Portland, Maine, and was raised in small towns in Maine and Durham, New Hampshire.
Elizabeth Strout : In 1982, she graduated with honors, and received a law degree from the Syracuse University College of Law.
Elizabeth Strout : After graduating from Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, she spent a year in Oxford, England, followed by studies at law school for another year.
Elizabeth Strout : She was also on the faculty of the master of fine arts (MFA) program at Queens University of Charlotte in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Elizabeth Strout : Strout was a National Endowment for the Humanities lecturer at Colgate University during the fall semester of 2007, where she taught creative writing at both the introductory and advanced levels.
Elizabeth Strout : The book was adapted into a multi Emmy Award-winning mini series and became a "New York Times" bestseller.
Elizabeth Strout : "Amy and Isabelle" was adapted as a television movie, starring Elisabeth Shue and produced by Oprah Winfrey's studio, Harpo Films.
Elizabeth Strout : She worked for six or seven years to complete her book "Amy and Isabelle", which when published was shortlisted for the 2000 Orange Prize and nominated for the 2000 PEN/Faulkner Award for fiction.
Elizabeth Strout : The novel won the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Cri-Zelda Brits : She developed into an all-rounder, and since 2005 has established herself as a specialist batsman.
Cri-Zelda Brits : She is one of South Africa women's most prolific batsmen; being the first South African woman to have scored a half-century in a Twenty20 International, and one of only six women to have scored a century for South Africa in a One Day International (ODI).
Cri-Zelda Brits : She captained South Africa in 23 matches in 2007 and 2008, but was replaced as captain in 2009 in order to "concentrate entirely on her own performance."
Cri-Zelda Brits : A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, Brits was originally called up to the South Africa national women's cricket team as an opening bowler in 2002.
Cri-Zelda Brits : She is the leading South African run-scorer in ODI with 1622 runs.
Cri-Zelda Brits : Cri-Zelda Brits (), also written Crizelda Brits and Cri-zelda Brits (born 20 November 1983) is a South African cricketer.
Cri-Zelda Brits : She was reappointed as captain for the 2010 ICC Women's World Twenty20.
Katheryn Winnick : She has guest-starred in numerous television shows, most notably "House", "The Glades", "Bones", "Law & Order", "", "", "", "", "Criminal Minds", "Person of Interest", and "Nikita".
Katheryn Winnick : She began training in martial arts at age seven, and obtained her first black belt at 13.
Katheryn Winnick : Winnick was born in Etobicoke, Ontario, and is of Ukrainian descent.
Katheryn Winnick : Winnick has appeared in many films, including "Stand Up Guys", "Failure to Launch", "Love & Other Drugs", and "Killers".
Katheryn Winnick : Winnick starred in the comedy-drama film "Cold Souls", which had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival 2009.
Katheryn Winnick : Katheryn Winnick (born December 17, 1977) is a Canadian actress.
Katheryn Winnick : In her role on "Bones", she portrays Hannah Burley, a war correspondent who had been posted to cover the war in Afghanistan and becomes a love interest for main character Seeley Booth.
Valerie Brisco-Hooks : Valerie Ann Brisco-Hooks (born July 6, 1960 in Greenwood, Mississippi) won three gold medals as an Olympic track and field athlete at the 1984 Olympics at Los Angeles, California, making her the first Olympian to win gold medals in both the 200- and 400-meter races at a single Olympics.
Caroline Lind : Caroline Lind (born October 11, 1982) is an American rower, and is a two-time Olympic gold medalist.
Caroline Lind : At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Lind won a gold medal as a member of the women's eight team.
Vaginal Davis : She currently resides in Berlin, Germany.
Vaginal Davis : According to Davis, "I wasn't really trying to alter myself to look like a real woman.
Vaginal Davis : Born intersex and raised in South Central, Los Angeles, Davis gained notoriety in New York during the 1980s, where she inspired the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn's prevalent drag scene as a genderqueer artist.
Vaginal Davis : In 2006, Vaginal Davis moved from Los Angeles to Berlin, Germany.
Aoi Miyazaki : The siblings travelled to Denmark and Finland in 2006 to investigate global warming.
Aoi Miyazaki : Miyazaki married Junichi Okada on December 23, 2017.
Aoi Miyazaki : Her 2008 film "Children of the Dark" also addresses issues of child exploitation.
Aoi Miyazaki : In recent years, Miyazaki has taken a more prominent position in humanitarian activism projects.
Aoi Miyazaki : Miyazaki married actor Sosuke Takaoka, her partner since she was fifteen, on June 15, 2007.
Aoi Miyazaki : Their experiences were then published in their 2007 photobooks "Love, Peace", and "Green Tarinai, Peace2".
Aoi Miyazaki : They divorced in December 2011, with Takaoka subsequently accusing her of committing adultery on his Twitter account.
Aoi Miyazaki : Miyazaki took part in the Gold Ribbon Walking event in Roppongi, Tokyo in 2008 to raise awareness and funds for childhood cancer.
Gina Torres : In September 2017, Torres announced her separation from Fishburne.
Gina Torres : They have one child, a daughter born in 2007.
Gina Torres : Torres and Laurence Fishburne were engaged in February 2001, and married on September 22, 2002, at The Cloisters museum in New York City.
Gina Torres : Gina Torres (born April 25, 1969) is a Cuban-American television and movie actress.
Gina Torres : She has appeared in many television series, including "", "", the short-lived "Cleopatra 2525", "Alias", "Firefly", "Angel", "24", "Suits", "The Shield", and "Westworld".
Amber Riley : She graduated from La Mirada High School in La Mirada, California in 2004.
Amber Riley : In 2013, Riley won the seventeenth season of ABC's dancing competition "Dancing with the Stars".
Amber Riley : Riley auditioned for "American Idol" when she was 17 years old, during the show's second season, but was turned down by the producers.
Amber Riley : Riley was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Tiny (née Hightower) and Elwin Riley.
Amber Riley : In November 2016, Riley led the West End debut of "Dreamgirls", playing the lead role of Effie White.
Selena Gomez : So it's pretty incredible."
Selena Gomez : She gave up everything for me, had three jobs, supported me, sacrificed her life for me."
Selena Gomez : I'm just looking to send a good message."
Selena Gomez : Gomez said, of her role as ambassador, that "Every day 25,000 children die from preventable causes.
Selena Gomez : Gomez's parents divorced when she was five years old, and she remained with her mother.
Selena Gomez : Early in her music career, Gomez cited Bruno Mars as an influence, for "his style of music, his style in general, the way he performs, the way he carries himself".
Selena Gomez : Many websites speculated about the release of a new single.
Selena Gomez : I stand with UNICEF in the belief that we can change that number from 25,000 to zero.
Selena Gomez : She was also featured in videos that promoted the campaign.
Selena Gomez : and "PrankStars".
Selena Gomez : In 2019, she appeared in Jim Jarmusch's film "The Dead Don't Die".
Selena Gomez : I know we can achieve this because every moment, UNICEF is on the ground providing children with the lifesaving assistance needed to ensure zero becomes a reality."
Selena Gomez : Having me at 16 had to have been a big responsibility.
Selena Gomez : On May 11, it was confirmed the release of the single "Bad Liar" as the countdown result.
Selena Gomez : Gomez announced she would be donating her salary from the film to the Time's Up initiative.
Selena Gomez : She appeared in a remix of the Forever the Sickest Kids's single "Whoa Oh!
Selena Gomez : Gomez first gained an interest in pursuing a career in the entertainment industry watching her mother prepare for stage productions.
Selena Gomez : The song was released in September 2018.
Selena Gomez : She later made a guest appearance on the Disney series "Sonny With a Chance", starring Lovato.
Selena Gomez : Five days later, Norwegian DJ Kygo posted a snippet of his collaboration with Gomez.
Selena Gomez : Gomez, who raised over $700,000 for the charity in 2008, stated that she hopes to be able to raise 1 million dollars in 2009.
Selena Gomez : On May 18, it was premiered alongside its first music video, which was available for streaming only through Spotify.
Selena Gomez : The film was a commercial success, and went on to gross nearly $300 million worldwide.
Selena Gomez : Gomez and Kygo confirmed the single titled "It Ain't Me" via their social media accounts a week later, which was released on February 16.
Selena Gomez : On February 4, 2017, she posted a snippet of a new song on her Instagram story.
Selena Gomez : On May 5, 2017 Gomez launched a countdown on her official website which led to May 18.
Selena Gomez : Gomez released her second studio album, "Revival", on October 9, 2015.
Selena Gomez : "Stars Dance" was released on July 23, 2013.
Selena Gomez : Gomez returned as the UNICEF spokesperson for the 60th anniversary of Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF campaign in 2010.
Selena Gomez : She shared the first trailer of the show on January 25, 2017, and the show premiered on Netflix on March 31, 2017.
Selena Gomez : She once again voiced the character Mavis, in "", which was released in July 2018.
Selena Gomez : Gomez appeared in a cameo role in the film "The Muppets" and appeared in the Disney shows "So Random!"
Selena Gomez : The collection consisted of, and featured, bohemian dresses, floral tops, jeans, skirts, jackets, scarves and hats, all of which were made from recycled or eco-friendly materials.
Selena Gomez : Gomez was featured on Benny Blanco's song "I Can't Get Enough", alongside Tainy and J Balvin, which was released in February 2019.
Selena Gomez : The film premiered on July 23, 2010, and it was met with generally positive reviews.
Selena Gomez : In February 2011, Gomez traveled to Chile to witness and meet with the families of UNICEF's supported program, "Programa Puente", which helped families better understand, and developed skills to deal effectively with, early childhood education, development, and other issues related to raising children.
Selena Gomez : Selena Marie Gomez was born in Grand Prairie, Texas on July 22, 1992 to Ricardo Joel Gomez and former stage actress Amanda Dawn "Mandy" Cornett.
Selena Gomez : A second music video was released on YouTube the next month which also teased the follow-up single "Fetish", released on July 13, 2017.
Selena Gomez : That same month, Gomez was named UNICEF's spokesperson for the Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF campaign, which encouraged children to raise money on Halloween to help children around the world.
Selena Gomez : On July 13, 2018, Los Angeles prosecutors announced that a New Jersey woman had been charged with hacking into email accounts belonging to Gomez posting online images and other material she found there.
Selena Gomez : Gomez has stated that she finds English singer Cheryl Cole as a significant influence to her artistry, "She made me feel better, I just love her music and I think she's a really nice person.
Selena Gomez : Gomez, alongside Ozuna and Cardi B were featured in DJ Snake's song "Taki Taki".
Selena Gomez : The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, with first-week sales of 117,000 equivalent album units.
Selena Gomez : In 2017, "Billboard" reported that Gomez has sold over 7 million albums and 22 million singles worldwide.
Selena Gomez : Gomez stated, "With my line, I really want to give the customer options on how they can put their own looks together [...] I want the pieces that can be easy to dress up or down, and the fabrics being eco-friendly and organic is super important [...] Also, the tags will all have some of my inspirational quotes on them.
Selena Gomez : Gomez was involved in the UR Votes Count campaign which encouraged teenagers to learn more about 2008 presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain.
Selena Gomez : Having previously announced plans to launch a fashion line, Gomez launched Dream Out Loud in 2010.
Selena Gomez : In April 2012, Gomez was named ambassador to the Ryan Seacrest Foundation.
Selena Gomez : On May 10, 2018, Gomez released a new single from the "13 Reasons Why Season 2 Soundtrack", titled "Back to You".
Selena Gomez : Selena Marie Gomez (born July 22, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and television producer.
Selena Gomez : Gomez serves as executive producer for the series adaptation of the novel "Thirteen Reasons Why".
Selena Gomez : Gomez later appeared in the music video for the song "Burnin' Up", which the Jonas Brothers had recorded and released.
Selena Gomez : She hosted the "Sears Arrive Air Band Casting Call" to select five winners for the first-ever "Sears Air Band" to perform at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards.
Selena Gomez : She later provided the voice of Princess Selenia in the animated film "Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard."
Selena Gomez : On October 23, 2019, Gomez released "Lose You to Love Me" as the lead single from her third studio album "Rare".
Selena Gomez : On October 19, 2017, Gomez and EDM producer Marshmello announced that they would be collaborating on a new track titled "Wolves", which was released on October 25.
Selena Gomez : 1 scripted telecast of 2009 and Disney Channel's second most-viewed film premiere after "High School Musical 2."
Selena Gomez : The year before, Gomez made an appearance at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia during a Ryan Seacrest Foundation broadcast from the hospital's multimedia center.
Selena Gomez : Later that year, Gomez had the supporting role of Helga in the animated film "Horton Hears a Who!"
Selena Gomez : In September 2019, it was announced that Gomez is the executive producer of the Netflix docuseries "Living Undocumented", which follows eight undocumented families in America.
Selena Gomez : As of September 2015, the album has sold 392,000 copies in the United States, making it her lowest selling studio album to date in the country.
Selena Gomez : In August 2017, Gomez was cast in "A Rainy Day in New York", a film directed by Woody Allen for Amazon Studios.
Selena Gomez : She contributed a cover of the song "Cruella de Vil" to the compilation album "DisneyMania 6", and later recorded the original song "Fly to Your Heart" for the soundtrack of the animated film "Tinker Bell."
Selena Gomez : Besides the project, Gomez has been working in new music with producers The Futuristics, Jonas Jeberg, Ryan Tedder and songwriters Julia Michaels, Justin Tranter and Jacob Kasher.
Selena Gomez : Gomez made a guest appearance in a 2006 episode of the Disney series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".
Selena Gomez : The song reached the top 10 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
Selena Gomez : In 2010, Gomez starred as one of the two female leads in "Ramona and Beezus", a film adaption of the children's novel series by Beverly Cleary.
Selena Gomez : The pop and dance influenced "Stars Dance" (2013) became her first number-one album on the "Billboard" 200, and included "Come & Get It", which became her first top-ten entry on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
Karen Russell : Her debut novel, "Swamplandia!
Karen Russell : was a finalist for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction; However, none of the three finalists received enough votes, and no prize was awarded.
Karen Russell : Karen Russell (born July 10, 1981) is an American novelist and short story writer.
Alisa Weilerstein : As a soloist she has performed with a number of other major orchestras on four continents.
Alisa Weilerstein : She is married to Venezuelan conductor Rafael Payare.
Alisa Weilerstein : She started playing the cello at age four.
Alisa Weilerstein : In 2004 she graduated from Columbia University in New York City with a BA in Russian history.
Alisa Weilerstein : She plays a 1790 William Forster Cello.
Alisa Weilerstein : The trio currently resides at the New England Conservatory in Boston.
Alisa Weilerstein : In 2011 she received a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant".
Alisa Weilerstein : Weilerstein was born in Rochester, New York.
Alisa Weilerstein : Alisa Weilerstein (born April 14, 1982) is an American classical cellist.
Alisa Weilerstein : She made her debut at age 13 with the Cleveland Orchestra playing Tchaikovsky's Variations on a Rococo Theme.
Alisa Weilerstein : Her brother is the violinist and conductor Joshua Weilerstein (born in 1987).
Alisa Weilerstein : In 2006 she was awarded the Leonard Bernstein Prize at the Schleswig-Holstein Music Festival.
Alisa Weilerstein : In 2000-2001 she won an Avery Fisher Career Grant and was selected to play in the ECHO "Rising Stars" program and Chamber Music Society II, the young artists' program of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center.
Alisa Weilerstein : She also is active in chamber music and performs with her parents, violinist Donald Weilerstein (the founding first violinist of the Cleveland Quartet) and pianist Vivian Hornik Weilerstein, as the Weilerstein Trio.
Alisa Weilerstein : She performed the New York premiere of Golijov's Cello Concerto "Azul" at Lincoln Center's Mostly Mozart Festival, the world premiere of Auerbach's 24 Preludes for Cello and Piano at the Caramoor International Music Festival, Auerbach's transcription of Shostakovich Op.
Alisa Weilerstein : A champion of contemporary music, Weilerstein has worked extensively with Jewish composers Osvaldo Golijov and Lera Auerbach, as well as with Philadelphia composer Joseph Hallman.
Li Yanfeng : Li won China's first discus world title.
Li Yanfeng : Her personal best throw is 67.98 metres, achieved in June 2011 in Schönebeck.
Kendall Jenner : She graduated in 2014.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner's first modeling job was the "Rocker Babes with a Twist" campaign for Forever 21 in December 2009 and January 2010.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner's middle name was a tribute to Kris' best friend Nicole Brown Simpson, who died just before Jenner was conceived.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner began modeling at age 14 when Wilhelmina Models signed her on July 12, 2009.
Kendall Jenner : Kendall Nicole Jenner (born November 3, 1995) is an American model and media personality.
Kendall Jenner : On December 16, 2014, Google named Jenner as the second most Googled model in the world.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner featured in a "Teen Vogue" Snapshot on April 19, 2010.
Kendall Jenner : and booked campaigns for White Sands Australia, Leah Madden, and Agua Bendita.
Kendall Jenner : In 2012, Jenner appeared as AJ on the "Hawaii Five-0" episode “I Ka Wa Mamua”.
Kendall Jenner : In February 2014, the Jenner sisters launched a shoe and handbag line under Steve Madden's "Madden Girl" line for Nordstrom.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner did voiceover for the character Strawberry in "The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange" episode “Shakesparagus Speare”, which aired on January 20, 2014.
Kendall Jenner : Jenner attended Sierra Canyon School before switching to homeschooling in order to pursue modeling.
Kendall Jenner : By the end of 2012, Jenner had covers on "American Cheerleader", "Teen Prom", "Looks", "Raine", "GenLux", "Lovecat", and "Flavour Magazine".
Kendall Jenner : program "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and its subsequent related spinoffs "Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami", "Kourtney and Kim Take New York", and "Khloé & Lamar".
Kendall Jenner : In July 2013, the Jenner sisters formed a partnership with Pascal Mouawad's Glamhouse to create the "Metal Haven by Kendall & Kylie" jewelry collection.
Kendall Jenner : In 2014, the Jenner sisters co-authored novel "" with ghostwriter Maya Sloan.
Kendall Jenner : In 2010, Jenner was cast in boy band One Call's "Blacklight" video along with Ashley Benson and Kevin McHale.
Kendall Jenner : The Jenner sisters previewed "The Kendall & Kylie Collection" with PacSun on November 15, 2012; the collection launched in February 2013.
Maribel Domínguez : Her equalizer resulted in a 1–1 draw.
Maribel Domínguez : Maribel Guadalupe Domínguez Castelán (born 18 November 1978) is a former Mexican footballer who played for the Chicago Red Stars during 2013 season of the National Women's Soccer League, and was captain and leading scorer of the Mexico women's national football team.
Maribel Domínguez : Her debut for FC Barcelona occurred on 30 January 2005 during a match against Torrejón where she scored a hat-trick and helped the squad win 5–3.
Maribel Domínguez : FIFA ruled against mixed-sex football teams stating, "There must be a clear separation between men's and women's football."
Maribel Domínguez : With the absence of a women's professional league in Mexico, Domínguez immigrated to the United States to play with the Kansas City Mystics in 2002 and further her development as a footballer.
Maribel Domínguez : In December 2004, Domínguez made international headlines when she signed a two-year contract for second division men's team, Atlético Celaya, in Guanajuato, Mexico.
Maribel Domínguez : In 2002, she was part of the Mexico squad that earned a bronze medal in the CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup.
Maribel Domínguez : With nine goals, she was the top scorer during the CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament for the 2004 Athens Olympics, a first in the history of the Mexico national team.
Maribel Domínguez : During the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Greece, Domínguez led the Mexico national team to the quarter-finals and scored the team's only goal during the tournament.
Maribel Domínguez : Beginning in early 2005, Domínguez played for FC Barcelona in Spain's top division league, Superliga Femenina.
Cristina Pato : Cristina Pato (born August 17, 1980) is a Galician bagpiper, pianist and composer.
Cristina Pato : Pato received a master's degree in Piano Performance and a master's degree of in Music Theory and Chamber Music from the Conservatori Superior de Música del Liceu in Barcelona.
Cristina Pato : She received a Master of Fine Arts Degree in Digital Arts (Computer Music) from the Universitat Pompeu Fabra in Barcelona.
Cristina Pato : She appeared on the Grammy Award-winning albums "Yo-Yo Ma and Friends: Songs of Joy and Peace" (2008) and "Sing Me Home" (2016) and in the documentary "The Music of Strangers: Yo-Yo Ma and The Silk Road Ensemble," directed by academy award winner Morgan Neville"."
Cristina Pato : She earned a doctorate of Musical Arts (Collaborative Piano) from Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts.
Jessica Biel : Biel also performed two songs on the film's soundtrack, "Mad About the Boy" and "When the Going Gets Tough".
Jessica Biel : The film was released in January 2017.
Jessica Biel : "I promise I'm a cheap date", Biel quipped in a pre-recorded video.
Jessica Biel : Despite negative reviews, "Trinity" was a box office hit, grossing $150 million worldwide.
Jessica Biel : The film centers around a woman who accidentally gets a nail lodged in her head and travels to Washington, D.C. to fight for better health care.
Jessica Biel : Her performance earned her a Young Artist Award.
Jessica Biel : "; she also has German, French, English, and Scandinavian ancestry.
Jessica Biel : Producers of "7th Heaven" were outraged and brought legal action against "Gear".
Jessica Biel : Biel and Timberlake have one son, Silas Timberlake, born on April 11, 2015.
Jessica Biel : John Schiffner of Fergus Falls, Minnesota, successfully bid $30,000 to have lunch with Biel.
Jessica Biel : The film premiered in September 2008 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Jessica Biel : She began modeling for print advertisements and appeared in commercials for products such as Dulux Paint and Pringles.
Jessica Biel : At age eleven, Biel participated in a competition sponsored by the International Modeling and Talent Association in Los Angeles where she acquired an agent and professional talent manager.
Jessica Biel : In 2009, Biel lent her voice to the animated science fiction film "Planet 51".
Jessica Biel : In January 2007 Biel began dating singer and actor Justin Timberlake.
Jessica Biel : They became engaged in December 2011 and married on October 19, 2012, at the Borgo Egnazia resort in Fasano, Italy.
Jessica Biel : Biel and Schiffner lunched at The Palm restaurant in Denver, Colorado on August 18, 2006.
Jessica Biel : In 2003, Biel began work on the third installment of the "Blade" film series, "".
Jessica Biel : Biel's family moved frequently during her childhood, living in Texas, Connecticut, and Woodstock, Illinois, before finally settling in Boulder, Colorado.
Jessica Biel : On July 18, 2006, Biel participated in a charity auction to raise medical funds for teen Molly Bloom who was injured in a limousine accident.
Jessica Biel : In 2002, she starred as promiscuous college student, Lara, in the ensemble film "The Rules of Attraction", an adaptation of the Bret Easton Ellis novel.
Jessica Biel : After finishing it in 2004, she headed to Australia to shoot the action-thriller "Stealth".
Jessica Biel : In April 2008, Biel began working on the political satire "Nailed", with Jake Gyllenhaal.
Jessica Biel : Biel played an Iraq War veteran in the 2006 film "Home of the Brave", a drama about soldiers struggling to readjust to society after facing the hardships of war.
Jessica Biel : At the start of 2008, Biel shot "Easy Virtue", an adaptation of the play by Noël Coward.
Jessica Biel : In late 2007, Biel signed on to play a stripper in "Powder Blue", alongside Forest Whitaker (who also produced the film), Ray Liotta and Patrick Swayze.
Jessica Biel : In early 2007 Biel co-founded the Make the Difference Network with her father and another business partner, Kent McBride.
Jessica Biel : Like the play, the film is set in the 1920s and Biel plays young widow Larita, who impulsively marries John Whittaker in France and must face her disapproving in-laws on returning to England.
Jessica Biel : She appeared in the summer comedy "I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry", co-starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James.
Jessica Biel : Biel landed her first feature film role as Peter Fonda's granddaughter in the critically acclaimed drama "Ulee's Gold", released in 1997.
Jessica Biel : In "Next" Biel starred alongside Nicolas Cage and Julianne Moore.
Jessica Biel : In spring 1998, during a break from filming "7th Heaven", she co-starred in "I'll Be Home for Christmas" with Jonathan Taylor Thomas as the girlfriend of Thomas' character.
Jessica Biel : In 2006, Biel played a turn-of-the-century duchess in the period piece "The Illusionist", co-starring Edward Norton and Paul Giamatti.
Jessica Biel : Jessica Claire Biel was born on March 3, 1982, in Ely, Minnesota, to Kimberly (née Conroe), a homemaker and spiritual healer, and Jonathan Biel, a business consultant and General Electric worker.
Jessica Biel : In 2001, Biel played the love interest of Freddie Prinze, Jr. in the baseball-themed film "Summer Catch".
Alicia Alonso : From the age of nineteen, Alonso was afflicted with an eye condition and became partially blind.
Alicia Alonso : Her brothers were named Elizardo and Antonio.
Alicia Alonso : She also had the set designers install strong spotlights in different colors to serve as guides for her movements.
Alicia Alonso : To compensate for only partial sight in one eye and no peripheral vision, the ballerina trained her partners to be exactly where she needed them without exception.
Alicia Alonso : She married Fernando Alonso in 1937, when she was 16.
Alicia Alonso : She died at Centro de Investigaciones Médico Quirúrgicas in Havana, Cuba, on 17 October 2019 from a health complication at the age of 98.
Alicia Alonso : In 1938, she made her debut in the U.S., performing in the musical comedies "Great Lady" and "Stars In Your Eyes".
Alicia Alonso : From 1955-59, she danced annually with the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo as guest star.
Alicia Alonso : She staged versions of "Giselle", "Pas de Quatre", and "Sleeping Beauty" for the Paris Opera.
Alicia Alonso : Alonso officially founded the school in 1960, and within several years her dancers were winning international dance competitions.
Alicia Alonso : Alicia Alonso (born Alicia Ernestina de la Caridad del Cobre Martínez del Hoyo; 21 December 1920 – 17 October 2019) was a Cuban prima ballerina assoluta and choreographer whose company became the Ballet Nacional de Cuba in 1955.
Alicia Alonso : She was the first dancer of the Western Hemisphere to perform in the Soviet Union, and the first American representative to dance with the Bolshoi and Kirov Theaters of Moscow and Leningrad respectively in 1957 and 1958.
Alicia Alonso : During the decades to follow Alicia Alonso had cross-world tours through West and East European countries, Asia, North and South America, and she danced as guest star with the Opera de Paris, the Royal Danish Ballet, the Bolshoi and with other companies.
Alicia Alonso : Alonso's sister, Blanca María "Cuca" Martínez del Hoyo, was born in 1918.
Alicia Alonso : She staged "Giselle" at the Vienna State Opera and the San Carlo Theater of Naples, Italy, as well as "La Fille Mal Gardée" at the Prague State Opera, and "Sleeping Beauty" at La Scala.
Christina Applegate : .
Christina Applegate : (1996), and Gregg Araki's "Nowhere" (1997).
Christina Applegate : She portrayed her character for 11 years (1987–97).
Christina Applegate : The series was about a 30-year-old, who after a hit-and-run accident, develops amnesia and has to rediscover her life, her relationships, and herself.
Christina Applegate : She starred in the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?"
Christina Applegate : Though the series gained critical praise, it was canceled in 2000.
Christina Applegate : On August 19, 2008, it was announced that Applegate was cancer-free after a double mastectomy, though cancer was found in only one breast.
Christina Applegate : On August 3, 2008, "People" reported that Applegate had been diagnosed with breast cancer.
Christina Applegate : In 2006 Applegate appeared in Jessica Simpson's music video "A Public Affair" alongside Eva Longoria, Ryan Seacrest, and Christina Milian.
Christina Applegate : Applegate eventually took home the 2005 Theatre World Award and was nominated for a 2005 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
Christina Applegate : The series debuted in 1998, received rave reviews, and brought Applegate a People's Choice Award for Favorite Female Performer in a New TV series and the "TV Guide" Award for Star of a New Series, as well as a nomination at the Golden Globe Awards for Lead Actress in a Comedy.
Christina Applegate : Applegate has played the lead role in the television sitcoms "Jesse" (1998–2000), "Samantha Who?"
Christina Applegate : In 2004 she debuted on the Broadway stage playing the title role of Charity Hope Valentine in a revival of the 1966 musical "Sweet Charity".
Christina Applegate : Applegate followed with roles in films such as "Vibrations" (1995), "Across the Moon" (1995), "Wild Bill" (1995), Tim Burton's "Mars Attacks!"
Kerry Washington : She gained wide public recognition for starring as Olivia Pope, a crisis management expert, in the ABC drama series "Scandal" (2012–2018).
Dani Lins : She also won the Best Setter award.
Dani Lins : Lins was part of the national team who won the gold medal at the 2011 Pan American Games held in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Dani Lins : Danielle Rodrigues Lins, better known as Dani Lins (born January 5, 1985), is a volleyball player from Brazil, who plays as a setter.
Dani Lins : Brazilian national team head coach Zé Roberto chose her on August 1, 2009 to replace Fofão as the team captain.
Dani Lins : Dani Lins helped her country finish in fourth place at the Pan American Games and in the Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, both played in 2003.
Dani Lins : She won the FIVB World Grand Prix in 2009.
Dani Lins : She represented her country at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2009 in Tokyo, Japan, where they won the gold medal.
Carolina Marín : Aged only 21, she became the youngest European world champion ever.
Carolina Marín : The title propelled her to rank number 4 in the world ranking and, for the first time, no.
Carolina Marín : At 2015 India Open, she had the chance to unseat Li Xuerui as the new world no.
Carolina Marín : She has become the World Champion in women's singles three times, winning in 2014, 2015 and 2018.
Carolina Marín : In 2013, she became the first Spanish badminton player to win a Grand Prix Gold title after winning the London Grand Prix Gold.
Carolina Marín : Carolina María Marín Martín (born 15 June 1993) is a Spanish professional badminton player.
Carolina Marín : On 5 April 2015, Carolina Marín won her second straight Super Series Premier title, beating Olympic champion Li Xuerui for the second consecutive time at the 2015 Malaysia Open with score 19–21, 21–19, 21–17.
Carolina Marín : At the age of eight, she started playing badminton at the IES La Orden in Huelva.
Carolina Marín : In August 2013, Marín played for the Bangalore-based team Banga Beats in the inaugural edition of the Indian Badminton League (IBL).
Carolina Marín : In 2009, she became the first Spanish badminton player to win a silver medal first, at the European Junior Championships, and also at the same year, won the gold medal at the European U-17 Junior Championships.
Carolina Marín : However, she was able to bounce back and, on 22 September, she won the China Open, defeating Taiwan’s Tai Tzu Ying in the finals with a score of 14–21, 21–17, 21–18.
Katarina Srebotnik : Katarina Srebotnik (born March 12, 1981) is a professional tennis player from Slovenia.
Pia Degermark : Subsequently, she worked in women's voluntary groups with sufferers of the condition.
Pia Degermark : She returned to Sweden in 1979 suffering from anorexia.
Pia Degermark : Degermark moved to the United States for a time.
Pia Degermark : In 1991, Degermark was sentenced to 14 months in prison for fraud and assault.
Pia Degermark : She was spotted by Widerberg in a newspaper photograph dancing with the Swedish Crown Prince Carl Gustav.
Pia Degermark : She married Siemens heir and film producer Pier Andrea Caminneci (1941-2013) in 1971, and had a son with him, but they divorced in 1973.
Pia Degermark : Pia Charlotte Degermark (born 24 August 1949) is a Swedish former actress.
Michelle Obama : She supported American designers and was considered a fashion icon.
Michelle Obama : She returned to speak for him at the 2012 Democratic National Convention.
Michelle Obama : She also sent representatives to schools and advocated public service.
Michelle Obama : According to her representatives, she intended to visit all United States Cabinet-level agencies in order to get acquainted with Washington.
Michelle Obama : During her early months as First Lady, Obama visited homeless shelters and soup kitchens.
Michelle Obama : Michelle married Barack in 1992, and they have two daughters.
Michelle Obama : At Harvard, Robinson participated in demonstrations advocating the hiring of professors who were members of minority groups.
Michelle Obama : Obama advocated for her husband's policy priorities by promoting bills that support it.
Michelle Obama : Norris became a senior adviser to the Corporation for National and Community Service.
Michelle Obama : She is married to the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama, and she was the first African American First Lady of the United States.
Michelle Obama : Obama campaigned for her husband's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008, delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
Michelle Obama : She hosted a White House reception for women's rights advocates in celebration of the enactment of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 Pay equity law.
Michelle Obama : On June 5, 2009, the White House announced that Michelle Obama was replacing her then chief of staff, Jackie Norris, with Susan Sher, a longtime friend and adviser.
Michelle Obama : During the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, she delivered a speech in support of the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, a former first lady.
Michelle Obama : As first lady, Obama served as a role model for women and worked as an advocate for poverty awareness, education, nutrition, physical activity, and healthy eating.
Michelle Obama : In her early legal career, she worked at the law firm Sidley Austin where she met Barack Obama.
Michelle Obama : degree from Harvard Law School in 1988.
Michelle Obama : Some initiatives of First Lady Michelle Obama included advocating on behalf of military families, helping working women balance career and family, encouraging national service, and promoting the arts and arts education.
Michelle Obama : Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama (née Robinson; born January 17, 1964) is an American lawyer, university administrator, and writer, who was the first lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017.
Michelle Obama : She subsequently worked in non-profits and as the associate dean of Student Services at the University of Chicago as well as the vice president for Community and External Affairs of the University of Chicago Medical Center.
Eva Longoria : She is the national spokesperson for PADRES Contra El Cancer.
Eva Longoria : After completing college, Longoria entered a talent contest that led her to Los Angeles; shortly after, she was spotted and signed by a theatrical agent.
Eva Longoria : During this time, she won the title of Miss Corpus Christi USA in 1998.
Eva Longoria : According to Longoria, "because of my involvement with the NCLR and my charity work, I really wanted a better, more authentic understanding of what my community has gone through so I can help create change."
Eva Longoria : On December 19, 2017, it was reported that Longoria was pregnant with her first child.
Eva Longoria : Longoria has a keen interest in immigration.
Eva Longoria : The couple were married in Mexico on May 21, 2016.
Eva Longoria : Longoria guest-starred in an episode of "Beverly Hills, 90210".
Eva Longoria : In October, Longoria hosted the MTV Europe Music Awards 2010 in Madrid, Spain.
Eva Longoria : In 1767, her seventh great-grandfather received almost of land along the Rio Grande in a land grant from King Charles III of Spain.
Eva Longoria : In light of the divorce, Longoria canceled her scheduled appearance at the 2010 American Music Awards.
Eva Longoria : On November 17, 2010, Longoria filed for divorce from Parker in Los Angeles, citing "irreconcilable differences".
Eva Longoria : Longoria is an executive producer of Shine Global Inc.'s documentary "The Harvest" which is focused on the 500,000 child migrant farm workers in the U.S. and promote awareness and support to enact the Children's Act for Responsible Employment (CARE Act).
Eva Longoria : The Hollywood Beso was scheduled to be the focus of a pilot episode for a tentative reality series called "Beso: Waiting on Fame", to air on VH1 in late 2010.
Eva Longoria : 1 in "Maxim"'s Hottest Female Stars of 2005 and 2006, becoming the first woman to top the list in two consecutive years.
Eva Longoria : Longoria's mtDNA belongs to the Haplogroup A2, making her a direct descendant of a Native American woman, a Mayan from the territory of Mexico long before it was Mexico.
Eva Longoria : Longoria was named Philanthropist of the Year in 2009 by "The Hollywood Reporter" for 'her commitment to Latino causes and giving back to the community.
Eva Longoria : Longoria was married to actor Tyler Christopher, star of "General Hospital", from 2002 to 2004.
Eva Longoria : Bastón and Longoria met on a blind date arranged by a mutual friend in Mexico City; at the time, Bastón did not know who Longoria was and originally declined the invitation to meet her because of his busy schedule.
Eva Longoria : Eva Jacqueline Longoria Bastón (née Longoria; born March 15, 1975) is an American actress, producer, director, activist, and businesswoman.
Eva Longoria : Longoria earned her Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology at Texas A&M University-Kingsville.
Eva Longoria : In 2009, Longoria enrolled in a Master's program in Chicano Studies and political science at Cal State University, Northridge.
Eva Longoria : On December 13, 2015, Longoria reported her engagement to Mexican businessman José Antonio "Pepe" Bastón Patiño, then the president of Televisa, the largest media company in Latin America.
Eva Longoria : According to research done in 2010 by Harvard professor and "Faces of America" host Henry Louis Gates, Jr., Longoria's oldest identifiable Spanish immigrant ancestor is her ninth great-grandfather, Lorenzo Suárez de Longoria (b. Oviedo, 1592), who immigrated to the Viceroyalty of New Spain (modern-day Mexico) in 1603.
Eva Longoria : Longoria was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four daughters born to Mexican-American (Tejano) parents, Ella Eva (Mireles) and Enrique Longoria, Jr.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : They have a son.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : In 2011, she appeared in "Five", a movie on the Lifetime television network.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : She graduated from Edison High School in 1981 and spent one semester studying at the University of Tulsa.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : Tripplehorn had a relationship with actor Ben Stiller between 1990 and 1996.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : Her film career began with the role of a police psychologist in the erotic thriller "Basic Instinct" (1992).
Jeanne Tripplehorn : Jeanne Marie Tripplehorn (born June 10, 1963) is an American actress.
Jeanne Tripplehorn : The next few years she had supporting roles in small films, including "Office Killer", "Monument Ave.", and "Sliding Doors"; and in 1999 starred opposite Hugh Grant in the British romantic comedy "Mickey Blue Eyes".
Ana Obregón : She obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in biology (specializing in zoology) from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
Ana Obregón : Ana Victoria García Obregón (born March 18, 1952), better known as Ana Obregón, is a Spanish actress, television presenter, celebrity and socialite.
Karolina Naja : Karolina Elżbieta Naja ( ; born 5 February 1990) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.
Jessica Chastain : (1962).
Jessica Chastain : We did not have money.
Jessica Chastain : They live in New York City.
Jessica Chastain : She has two sisters and two brothers.
Jessica Chastain : There were many nights when we had to go to sleep without eating.
Jessica Chastain : It was a very difficult upbringing.
Jessica Chastain : Things weren't easy for me growing up.
Jessica Chastain : Her parents were both teenagers when she was born.
Jessica Chastain : She has said that her stepfather was the first person to make her feel secure.
Jessica Chastain : I [grew up] with a single mother who worked very hard to put food on our table.
Jessica Chastain : Her sister Juliet committed suicide in 2003 following years of drug addiction.
Jessica Chastain : She has described how she used to miss school to read Shakespeare, whose plays she became enamored with after attending the Oregon Shakespeare Festival with her classmates.
Jessica Chastain : She graduated from the school with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2003.
Jessica Chastain : On June 10, 2017, she married Preposulo at his family's estate in Carbonera, Italy.
Jessica Chastain : She was a pescatarian for much of her life; following health troubles she began practicing veganism.
Jessica Chastain : She was teased as a child for having red hair and freckles, and now takes a stand against bullying and body shaming.
Jessica Chastain : She later remarked that her participation in a successful production of "The Seagull" during her second year helped build her confidence.
Jessica Chastain : Speaking about her early childhood, Chastain has said:
Jessica Chastain : She shares a close bond with her maternal grandmother, Marilyn, whom she credits as someone who "always believed in me".
Jessica Chastain : She would regularly put on amateur shows with other children, and considered herself to be their artistic director.
Jessica Chastain : She considers herself to be a "shy" person, and in 2011 said that she enjoys domestic routines like dog-walking and playing ukulele, rather than partying.
Jessica Chastain : She was a loner and considered herself a misfit in school, eventually finding an outlet in the performing arts.
Jessica Chastain : She later attended Sacramento City College from 1996 to 1997, during which she was a member of the institution's debate team.
Jessica Chastain : The event raised funds for Dramatic Need, a charity that helps African children pursue a career in the arts.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain is an animal lover, and has adopted a rescue dog.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain supports charitable organizations that promote mental health, and is involved with the non-profit organization To Write Love on Her Arms to help high-school students of alternate sexual and gender identities overcome insecurities.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain is vocal in her support for equal pay in the workplace, and has rejected offers of work that she thought were unfair.
Jessica Chastain : As a student at the El Camino Fundamental High School in Sacramento, Chastain struggled academically.
Jessica Chastain : She has cited the actress Isabelle Huppert as an influence, for managing a family, while also playing "out-there roles" in film.
Jessica Chastain : In 2018, she collaborated with 300 women in Hollywood to set up the Time's Up initiative to protect women from harassment and discrimination.
Jessica Chastain : She wrote an opinion column on gender imbalance in the industry for a December 2015 issue of "The Hollywood Reporter".
Jessica Chastain : Chastain is reluctant to publicly discuss her family background; she was estranged from Monasterio, and has said that no father is listed on her birth certificate.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain is a feminist, and has often spoken against the discrimination faced by women and minorities in Hollywood.
Jessica Chastain : In her first year at the school, Chastain suffered from anxiety and was worried about being dropped from the program, spending most of her time reading and watching movies.
Jessica Chastain : Despite significant media attention, Chastain remains guarded about her personal life, and chooses not to attend red carpet events with a partner.
Jessica Chastain : With too many absences during her senior year in school, Chastain did not qualify for graduation, but later obtained an adult diploma.
Jessica Chastain : "Time" named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2012.
Jessica Chastain : The production led her to audition for the Juilliard School in New York City, where she was soon accepted and granted a scholarship funded by the actor Robin Williams.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain advocates for greater gender balance on sets, including more representation of women on film crews and in positions of power.
Jessica Chastain : On social media, Chastain aims to "amplify the voices" of victims of sexual harassment in the industry.
Jessica Chastain : At the 2017 Cannes Film Festival, where she served as a jury member, Chastain bemoaned the passive portrayal of women in most films.
Jessica Chastain : In the 2000s, Chastain was in a long-term relationship with writer-director Ned Benson that ended in 2010.
Jessica Chastain : Jessica Michelle Chastain (born March 24, 1977) is an American actress and producer.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain made her film debut in 2008 as the title character in Dan Ireland's drama "Jolene", based on a short story by E. L. Doctorow inspired by Dolly Parton's song "Jolene".
Jessica Chastain : In 2012, she began dating Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, an Italian count of the Passi de Preposulo noble family, who is an executive for the fashion brand Moncler.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain was raised in Sacramento by her mother and stepfather, Michael Hastey, a fire-fighter.
Jessica Chastain : "Time" magazine named Chastain one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2012.
Jessica Chastain : In 2013, Chastain lent her support to the Got Your 6 campaign, to help empower veterans of the United States Army, and in 2016, she became an advisory-board member to the organization We Do It Together, which produces films and television shows to promote the empowerment of women.
Jessica Chastain : Chastain first developed an interest in acting at the age of seven, after her grandmother took her to a production of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat".
Jessica Chastain : Chastain has campaigned for access to affordable reproductive health care for women, and in 2017, "Variety" honored her for her work with Planned Parenthood.
Jessica Chastain : In 2017, Chastain featured alongside several Hollywood celebrities in a theatrical production of "The Children's Monologues", in which she performed a monolog as a 13-year-old girl who is raped by her uncle.
Jessica Chastain : Jessica Michelle Chastain was born on March 24, 1977, in Sacramento, California, to Jerri Renee Hastey (née Chastain) and rock musician Michael Monasterio.
Jessica Chastain : She won a Best Actress award at the Seattle International Film Festival.
Sally Kirkland : Kirkland is an ordained minister in the Movement of Spiritual Inner Awareness.
Sally Kirkland : Sally Kirkland (born October 31, 1941) is an American film, television and stage actress.
Sally Kirkland : She received Golden Globe and Independent Spirit Awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, for her performance in "Anna" (1987).
Sally Kirkland : She was named after her mother, Sally Kirkland (born Sarah Phinney), who was a fashion editor at "Vogue" and "LIFE" magazines, and was raised in Oklahoma.
Maud Adams : She does not have any children.
Maud Adams : Maud Solveig Christina Adams (née Wikström; born 12 February 1945), is a Swedish actress, known for her roles as two different Bond girls, first in "The Man with the Golden Gun" (1974) and then as the eponymous character in "Octopussy" (1983), as well as making a brief uncredited appearance in "A View to a Kill" (1985).
Agnieszka Holland : Like Kieślowski, Holland frequently examines issues of faith in her work.
Agnieszka Holland : At the outbreak of World War II and the German invasion of Poland, Perel fled to the Soviet-occupied section of the country.
Agnieszka Holland : It won the International Critics Prize at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Agnieszka Holland : Holland's mother was Catholic and her father Jewish, but she was not brought up in any religious faith.
Agnieszka Holland : Best known for her political contributions to Polish cinema, Holland is one of Poland's most eminent filmmakers.
Agnieszka Holland : Agnieszka Holland (born 28 November 1948) is a Polish film and television director and screenwriter.
Agnieszka Holland : The film received a lukewarm reception in Germany, and the German Oscar selection committee did not submit it for the 1991 Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.
Agnieszka Holland : Captured during the German invasion of the USSR in 1941, Solomon convinced a German officer that he was German and found himself enrolled in the Hitler Youth.
Agnieszka Holland : In a 1988 interview Holland said that although women were important in her films, feminism was not the central theme of her work.
Agnieszka Holland : Holland received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Language Film for "Angry Harvest", a German production about a Jewish woman on the run during World War II.
Agnieszka Holland : A friend of Polish writer and director Krzysztof Kieślowski, Holland collaborated on the screenplay for his film, "".
Agnieszka Holland : Her first major film was "Provincial Actors" ("Aktorzy Prowincjonalni"), a 1978 chronicle of tense backstage relations within a small-town theater company which was an allegory of Poland's contemporary political situation.
Agnieszka Holland : Holland's best-known film may be "Europa Europa" (1991), which was based on the life of Solomon Perel (a Jewish teenager who fled Germany for Poland after "Kristallnacht" in 1938).
Agnieszka Holland : Holland directed two more major films in Poland, "Fever" (Gorączka, 1980, entered in the 31st Berlin International Film Festival) and "A Lonely Woman" ("Kobieta samotna") in 1981, before emigrating to France shortly before the December 1981 imposition of martial law in Poland.
Agnieszka Holland : Holland began her career as an assistant director for Polish film directors Krzysztof Zanussi and Andrzej Wajda.
Brittany Andrews : In 2008, Andrews was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.
Brittany Andrews : Andrews has promoted using a condom for hardcore sex scenes.
Brittany Andrews : In December 2003, Brittany Andrews was appointed to the Women in Adult (WIA) board of directors as the Talent Liaison.
Brittany Andrews : However, in 2010 Andrews returned to the business to star in the adult film "Sex and the City: A XXX Parody".
Brittany Andrews : In February 2008, Andrews retired from porn, and held a Presidents Day party announcing that she was moving to New York to attend film school at the New York Film Academy.
Brittany Andrews : Brittany Andrews (born August 13, 1973) is an American exotic dancer, pornographic actress, film producer and club DJ.
Brittany Andrews : In addition to her adult film work she hosts several cable TV shows, including Playboy TV and "Talking Blue", which she co-produces.
Brittany Andrews : She worked in a Milwaukee beauty supply company before starting her career as an exotic dancer.
Brittany Andrews : After doing photo shoots for men's magazines, she began her career in adult films after meeting Jenna Jameson in 1995, during a photo shoot for "Hustler" magazine in Jamaica.
Emma Vilarasau : She studied at the Institut del Teatre, in Barcelona.
Emma Vilarasau : She has interpreted other TV series characters in series such as "Majoria absoluta" or "Ventdelplà".
Emma Vilarasau : Emma Vilarasau Tomàs (6 April 1959 in Sant Cugat del Vallès, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish stage, cinema and television actress.
Bernadette Peters : ".
Bernadette Peters : Bernadette Peters (born Bernadette Lazzara; February 28, 1948) is an American actress, singer, and children's book author.
Bernadette Peters : Peters married investment adviser Michael Wittenberg on July 20, 1996, at the Millbrook, New York, home of long-time friend Mary Tyler Moore.
Bernadette Peters : Peters first performed on the stage as a child and then a teenaged actress in the 1960s, and in film and television in the 1970s.
Bernadette Peters : Over a career spanning five decades, she has starred in musical theatre, television and film, performed in solo concerts and released recordings.
Bernadette Peters : She is a critically acclaimed Broadway performer, having received seven nominations for Tony Awards, winning two (plus an honorary award), and nine nominations for Drama Desk Awards, winning three.
Bernadette Peters : She has been nominated for three Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards, winning once.
Bernadette Peters : Regarded by many as the foremost interpreter of the works of Stephen Sondheim, Peters is particularly noted for her roles on the Broadway stage, including in the musicals "Mack and Mabel", "Sunday in the Park with George", "Song and Dance", "Into the Woods", "The Goodbye Girl", "Annie Get Your Gun", "Gypsy", "Follies" and "Hello, Dolly!
Bernadette Peters : She was praised for this early work and for appearances on "The Muppet Show", "The Carol Burnett Show" and in other television work, and for her roles in films including "Silent Movie", "The Jerk", "Pennies from Heaven" and "Annie".
Janeane Garofalo : Her original gimmick was to read off her hand, which was not successful in subsequent performances.
Janeane Garofalo : She struggled for a number of years, working briefly as a bike messenger in Boston.
Janeane Garofalo : Dreaming of earning a slot on the writing staff of the TV show "Late Night with David Letterman", she became a professional standup comedian upon graduating from college with degrees in History and American Studies.
Janeane Garofalo : In 2006, she performed Bridget the giraffe's voice in the computer-animated Disney feature film "The Wild".
Janeane Garofalo : She was quoted as having disliked life in Texas because of the heat, humidity, and the emphasis on prettiness and sports in high school.
Janeane Garofalo : While studying history at Providence College, Garofalo entered a comedy talent search sponsored by the Showtime cable network, winning the title of "Funniest Person in Rhode Island".
Janeane Garofalo : She grew up in Ontario, California; Madison, New Jersey; and Katy, Texas, among other places.
Janeane Garofalo : Janeane Marie Garofalo (; born September 28, 1964) is an American actress, voice artist, stand-up comedian, and writer.
Mariya Koryttseva : She lost the doubles finals as well.
Mariya Koryttseva : On 18 August 2008, she achieved her career-high singles ranking of world No.
Mariya Koryttseva : She won the 2008 ASB Classic with Lilia Osterloh.
Mariya Koryttseva : Koryttseva made a surprising run to the final of the Sunfeast Open, held in Kolkata, in September 2007.
Mariya Koryttseva : Her run came to an end at the hands of Maria Kirilenko, who beat her 6–0, 6–2 in the final.
Mariya Koryttseva : She has won six doubles titles on the WTA Tour, two coming at Palermo, where she won with Giulia Casoni in 2005, and again with Darya Kustova in 2007.
Mariya Koryttseva : 1 seed Marion Bartoli in the previous round, Tatiana Poutchek and Anne Keothavong.
Nastassia Novikava : Nastassia Novikava () (born November 16, 1981 in Zhodzina, Byelorussian SSR) is a world championship winning weightlifter from Belarus.
Tatiana Guderzo : Tatiana Guderzo (born 22 August 1984) is an Italian professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam .
Martina McBride : She enjoyed performing in her early years.
Martina McBride : 9" at number six.
Martina McBride : In 1988, the two married.
Martina McBride : In the U.S., she has over 14 million albums.
Martina McBride : It will be more things like 'Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town' and 'It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas.'"
Martina McBride : This song is the official Band Against Cancer anthem.
Martina McBride : After becoming a mother, the singer reduced her touring schedule so that her daughters could have a normal upbringing.
Martina McBride : Its follow-up, "How I Feel", reached the Top 15.
Martina McBride : Listening to country music helped her acquire a love for singing.
Martina McBride : As Schiff grew older her role in the band progressively increased, from simply singing, to also playing keyboard with them.
Martina McBride : McBride told "Country Weekly" that she co-wrote eight of the eleven songs on the album; she decided to write more frequently because she felt more confident in her songwriting ability after "Anyway" had become a hit.
Martina McBride : Martina began performing with a local rock band, The Penetrators, in Wichita instead.
Martina McBride : It was the first album in which McBride co-wrote some of the tracks.
Martina McBride : "I'm Gonna Love You Through It" was released as the album's second single on July 25, 2011.
Martina McBride : The tour began in November 2009 and ended in May 2010.
Martina McBride : The "winner" of this challenge eventually located a direct connection to McBride through her husband, John, who knew someone, who knew someone else.
Martina McBride : "The Way That I Am" was McBride's second album.
Martina McBride : A music video produced by Kristin Barlowe was also released at the end of the year.
Martina McBride : Martina has launched a new show on Food Network, airing on Sundays at 11am eastern.
Martina McBride : According to McBride, making this album felt like "coming home".
Martina McBride : Martina occasionally joined her husband on the road and helped sell Garth Brooks souvenirs.
Martina McBride : This feat ties her with Reba McEntire for most nominations in any vocalist category.
Martina McBride : In early 1997, after "Cry on the Shoulder of the Road" peaked, McBride released two duets.
Martina McBride : Also in 1998, McBride released her first Christmas album titled "White Christmas", which featured a rendition of "O Holy Night" that first charted in 1997 and continued to re-enter the charts until 2001.
Martina McBride : It barely missed the Top 10 on the chart, peaking at number eleven in March 2009.
Martina McBride : The album, titled "Eleven", was released on October 11, 2011.
Martina McBride : Eight of her studio albums and two of her compilations have an RIAA Gold certification, or higher.
Martina McBride : To make the album fit its older style, McBride and her husband hired older Nashville session players and outdated analog equipment.
Martina McBride : After marrying, the couple moved to Nashville, Tennessee, in 1989 with the hope of beginning a career in country music.
Martina McBride : Among the other guest judges that year were Nelly Furtado and Cyndi Lauper.
Martina McBride : She has two brothers, Martin and Steve, who play in her concert band as of 2017, and a sister, Gina.
Martina McBride : The second single, "I Just Call You Mine", was released in May 2009 and reached the Top 20.
Martina McBride : She began working on a new studio album with producer Byron Gallimore.
Martina McBride : She is known for her soprano singing range and her country pop material.
Martina McBride : The initiative includes a series of concerts across United States, with McBride as a headliner.
Martina McBride : McBride exited RCA in November 2010 and signed with Republic Nashville.
Martina McBride : The album features 11 previously released tracks and three unreleased tracks.
Martina McBride : The third single, "Independence Day", did not reach the top 10 because many radio programmers objected to the song's subject of a mother fighting back against abuse by burning the family home to the ground.
Martina McBride : Late in 2002, McBride also sang backing vocals on Andy Griggs's single "Practice Life".
Martina McBride : In 1990, impressed by Martina's enthusiastic spirit, Brooks offered her the position of his opening act provided she could obtain a recording contract.
Martina McBride : The album sold over 250,000 copies within its first week, the highest sales start for a McBride album.
Martina McBride : Around the age of eight or nine, Martina began singing with a band her father fronted, "The Schiffters."
Martina McBride : Joe Galante said this was “an enormous choice in terms of money,” but McBride had made it very clear that she wanted to be present in her daughters’ lives.
Martina McBride : "Reckless" was released on April 29 through Nash Icon Records.
Martina McBride : According to McBride, the purpose of the tour was to unite people and spread love through the power of music as a response to the "tragedy and uncertainty in the world".
Martina McBride : McBride wrapped up production of her tenth studio album in late 2008.
Martina McBride : She also sang a guest vocal on Jason Sellers' mid-1998 single "This Small Divide".
Martina McBride : She has been nominated for 14 Grammy Awards, but has never won.
Martina McBride : It was recorded at Blackbird Studios and produced by Nathan Chapman and Dann Huff.
Martina McBride : Unlike her later country pop-influenced albums, "The Time Has Come" featured honky tonk and country folk influences.
Martina McBride : Then, in 1987, Schiff gathered a group of musicians called Lotus and started looking for rehearsal space; she began renting space from studio engineer John McBride.
Martina McBride : An album track, "One Night" was released as a promotion for NASCAR with a music video in June 2011.
Martina McBride : It included most of her major hits to that point, and the album track "Strangers" from the album "The Way That I Am", which she put on the album because she felt that it should have been a single.
Martina McBride : Band Against Cancer is a community-based movement led by Sarah Cannon (the cancer institute of HCA) in partnership with Big Machine Label Group and McBride, which aims to raise awareness, support and resources to those battling cancer.
Martina McBride : Her first single for Republic Nashville is "Teenage Daughters", which she also co-wrote with the Warren Brothers.
Martina McBride : She was also selected as one of 30 artists to perform on ""Forever Country"", a mash-up track of Take Me Home, Country Roads; On the Road Again; and I Will Always Love You which celebrates 50 years of the CMA Awards.
Martina McBride : John McBride joined Garth Brooks's sound crew and later became his concert production manager.
Martina McBride : In 2001, she released her first compilation, "Greatest Hits".
Martina McBride : She is also a 14-time Grammy Award nominee.
Martina McBride : Daryl, who was also a cabinetry shop owner, exposed Martina to country music at a young age.
Martina McBride : The album included cover versions of country music standards, such as Hank Williams' "You Win Again," Loretta Lynn's "You Ain't Woman Enough," and Kris Kristofferson's "Help Me Make It Through the Night."
Martina McBride : Its first two singles both brought her into the country top ten: "My Baby Loves Me" peaked at number two, and "Life No.
Martina McBride : McBride's sixth studio album, "Emotion," was released in 1999.
Martina McBride : This will be McBride's second cookbook, following her 2014 release called "Around the Table: Recipes and Inspiration for Gatherings Throughout the Year".
Martina McBride : McBride has thirteen studio albums, two greatest hits compilations, one "live" album, as well as two additional compilation albums.
Martina McBride : The fourth and fifth singles from "The Way That I Am" were less successful: "Heart Trouble" peaked at number 21, and "Where I Used to Have a Heart" fell short of top 40.
Martina McBride : The song became a critical and commercial hit, peaking at number 4 and becoming her first top five hit since 2006's "Anyway."
Martina McBride : She is called the "Celine Dion of Country Music" after she was recognized for her soprano singing range.
Martina McBride : In 2007, McBride released her ninth studio album, "Waking Up Laughing".
Martina McBride : In addition, she also won the Country Music Association Awards' "Female Vocalist of the Year" award in 1999 and also performed for President Bill Clinton during the same time.
Martina McBride : During this time, while her husband was working with country artists Charlie Daniels and Ricky Van Shelton, he also helped produce her demo tape, which helped her gain a recording contract with RCA Nashville Records in 1991.
Martina McBride : The album includes duets with Kelly Clarkson and Gavin DeGraw, and was produced by Don Was.
Martina McBride : In August 2016, the singer announced a new tour called "Love Unleashed".
Martina McBride : She has now said it will be out in 2018, "One is a new Christmas album, which will come out in 2018."
Martina McBride : McBride released "Everlasting", a collection of R&B and Soul covers, on April 8, 2014 via Kobalt Label Services.
Martina McBride : The third single from "Shine" was "Wrong Baby Wrong Baby Wrong", which the Warren Brothers co-wrote with Robert Ellis Orrall and Love and Theft member Stephen Barker Liles.
Martina McBride : Its third single was a cover of Train's "Marry Me", recorded as a duet with Train lead singer Pat Monahan.
Martina McBride : McBride later joined Canadian Idol on a tour in the Spring.
Martina McBride : The album includes 10 songs, one of which is the previously released single "Reckless".
Martina McBride : McBride performed the song at the 1995 Grammys ceremony.
Martina McBride : However, the three follow-ups,"Phones Are Ringin' All Over Town", "Swingin' Doors" and "Cry on the Shoulder of the Road" were less successful, reaching the lower regions of the top 40.
Martina McBride : The first single, "Ride", was released to radio in October 2008 and debuted at No.
Martina McBride : Towards the end of 1998, the album was certified double platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America for selling two million units.
Martina McBride : It also included backing vocals from Faith Hill, Carolyn Dawn Johnson, and McBride's daughters, Delaney and Emma.
Martina McBride : The song's follow-ups, "Love's the Only House" and "There You Are", both made top ten at country radio, and "It's My Time" peaked at number eleven.
Martina McBride : It also earned the song's composer, Gretchen Peters, a nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Country Song.
Martina McBride : "Independence Day" won Video of the Year and Song of the Year at the Country Music Association Awards.
Martina McBride : In July 2017, McBride revealed she is planning on releasing a Christmas album, of which she said " It won't have as many hymns on it.
Martina McBride : "How Far" and "God's Will" from the same album both made top 20 at country radio, as did her guest appearance on Jimmy Buffett's single "Trip Around the Sun", whose chart run overlapped that of "God's Will".
Martina McBride : Carolyn Dawn Johnson sang backing vocals on "Blessed"; conversely, McBride sang backing vocals on Johnson's late-2000 debut single, titled "Georgia".
Martina McBride : This will accompany a Christmas tour, called "Joy of Christmas" as well as a cookbook called "Martina’s Kitchen Mix: My Recipe Playlist for Real Life" which will be out October 30, 2018.
Martina McBride : McBride co-produced the album with Dann Huff, and it featured "Sunny Side Up", a song that she co-wrote.
Martina McBride : Reckless debuted at number 2 in the Billboard Top Country Albums Chart.
Martina McBride : Released in 1995, "Wild Angels" accounted for another top five hit in its lead single "Safe in the Arms of Love", which had previously been recorded by both Wild Choir and Baillie & the Boys, and was concurrently released in Canada by Michelle Wright at the time of McBride's version.
Martina McBride : On June 10, 2010, "Billboard" announced that McBride had collaborated on a song with Kid Rock.
Martina McBride : Over time, she developed a pop-styled crossover sound, similar to Shania Twain and Faith Hill, and had a string of major hit singles on the "Billboard" country chart and occasionally on the adult contemporary chart.
Martina McBride : RCA Records released two compilation albums in 2012, "Hits and More" in January and "The Essential Martina McBride" in October.
Martina McBride : She had her second number one on the country charts with "A Broken Wing", the second single from her album "Evolution", in late 1997 This album went on to produce four more top ten hits at country radio: a re-release of "Valentine", "Happy Girl", "Wrong Again" (which also went to number one), and "Whatever You Say".
Martina McBride : In July 2007, The ABC Television Network announced a special program called "Six Degrees of Martina McBride" where individuals from around the country were challenged to find their way to McBride on their own connections and research using a maximum of six methods.
Martina McBride : She set up her Waking Up Laughing Tour in 2007, which included country artists Rodney Atkins, Little Big Town, and Jason Michael Carroll.
Martina McBride : This album has been certified 3× Platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America, and is her highest-selling album.
Martina McBride : The remaining five finalists traveled to Nashville, where McBride worked with the competitors on the songs they had chosen by country artists such as Gordon Lightfoot and Patsy Cline.
Martina McBride : The lead single, a cover of Lynn Anderson's "(I Never Promised You a) Rose Garden", went to number 18 on the country charts, but the other two singles both failed to make top 40.
Martina McBride : The album also included four new songs, all of which made top ten on the country music charts between 2001 and 2003: "When God-Fearin' Women Get the Blues", "Blessed" (her fifth number one), "Where Would You Be", and "Concrete Angel".
Martina McBride : The album, "Shine", was released by RCA Records on March 24, 2009, and debuted at the top of the U.S. Country album chart and number 10 on the "Billboard" 200.
Martina McBride : In 1988, McBride married sound engineer John McBride and the couple have three daughters: Delaney Katharine (born December 22, 1994), Emma Justine (born March 29, 1998) and Ava Rose Kathleen (born June 20, 2005).
Martina McBride : Martina Mariea Schiff was born in Sharon, Kansas, on July 29, 1966.
Martina McBride : In 2003, McBride released her seventh studio album, "Martina," which celebrated womanhood.
Martina McBride : 1 on the country chart between 1995 and 2001, and one peaked at No.
Martina McBride : Martina Mariea McBride (née Schiff, born July 29, 1966) is an American country music singer-songwriter and record producer.
Martina McBride : A compilation collection, titled "", was released on December 16, 2008, as part of Sony BMG Playlist series.
Martina McBride : Follow-up single "In My Daughter's Eyes" was also a top five hit at both country and adult contemporary.
Martina McBride : "Still Holding On", a duet with Clint Black which was the lead-off single to her album "Evolution" and his album "Nothin' but the Taillights", and "Valentine", a collaboration with pop pianist Jim Brickman which appeared on his album "Picture This".
Martina McBride : McBride recorded an electronically produced duet with Elvis Presley, performing his song "Blue Christmas" as a duet with him on his latest compilation, "The Elvis Presley Christmas Duets".
Martina McBride : In 2016, McBride released a new single called "Reckless" off a new album.
Martina McBride : After school, she sang for hours along to the records of such popular artists as Reba McEntire, Linda Ronstadt, Juice Newton, Jeanne Pruett, Connie Smith, and Patsy Cline.
Martina McBride : After finding success in country pop-styled music, McBride released her next studio album, "Timeless", in 2005, which consisted of country covers.
Martina McBride : This album's title track made number 23 on the country music charts, but the next two singles both failed to make top 40.
Martina McBride : McBride released her debut studio album by RCA Records in 1992, titled "The Time Has Come".
Martina McBride : McBride also initiated the Shine All Night Tour, a co-headlining venture with fellow country star and friend Trace Adkins and opening act Sarah Buxton.
Martina McBride : In 2004, McBride won the CMA's Female Vocalist award for the fourth time, following the wins in 2003, 2002 and 1999, which tied her for the most wins in that category with Reba McEntire.
Martina McBride : On June 8, 2016, McBride debuted the video for her second single, "Just Around The Corner", during the CMT Music Awards.
Martina McBride : McBride signed to RCA Records in 1991, and made her debut the following year as a neo-traditionalist country singer with the single, "The Time Has Come".
Martina McBride : Along with the ACA nominations, she received her 14th Female Vocalist nomination for Country Music Association in October.
Martina McBride : 5 on the Billboard Country Chart, becoming her first Top 10 hit since 2003.
Martina McBride : In late 2010, McBride was nominated for two American Country Awards (Best Female Single & Touring Artist of the year w/ Trace Adkins.)
Martina McBride : In 2007, McBride also served as a guest coach on Fox Networks television series, "American Idol."
Martina McBride : In 2006, McBride served as a guest coach on "Canadian Idol".
Martina McBride : In late June 2010, McBride was nominated for a Teen Choice Award, "Favorite Country Female Artist", alongside country stars Carrie Underwood, Miranda Lambert, Taylor Swift and Gretchen Wilson.
Martina McBride : The first single, "This One's for the Girls," went to number three on the country charts and became her only number-one hit on the Adult Contemporary charts.
Martina McBride : Its lead single, "I Love You," reached number one on the "Billboard" country charts in 1999, and also crossed over to the Adult Contemporary chart.
Martina McBride : In addition, McBride has the Country Music Association's "Female Vocalist of the Year" award four times (tied with Reba McEntire for the second-most wins) and the Academy of Country Music's "Top Female Vocalist" award three times.
Martina McBride : In September 2014, McBride received her 17th Female Vocalist nomination from the Country Music Association.
Martina McBride : McBride has received a number of awards, including the Country Music Association Award (CMA) for Female Vocalist of the Year, with her fourth win in 2004.
Monika Maron : Monika Maron (born 3 June 1941 in Berlin) is a German author, formerly of the German Democratic Republic.
Monika Maron : She moved in 1951 from West to East Berlin with her stepfather, Karl Maron, the GDR Minister of the Interior.
Nurit Peled-Elhanan : She is known for her research on the portrayal of Palestinians in Israeli textbooks, which she has criticized as being anti-Palestinian.
Nurit Peled-Elhanan : She is a 2001 co-laureate of the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought awarded by the European Parliament.
Stephanie Swift : Stephanie Swift (born February 7, 1972) is an American former pornographic actress who starred in over 300 adult movies between 1995 and 2009, when she was diagnosed with breast cancer and left the industry.
Stephanie Swift : In 2004, she launched her own production company called "Swift Entertainment", in which she was a director, screenwriter and producer.
Stephanie Swift : She is a member of both the AVN and XRCO Halls of Fame.
Stephanie Swift : At the age of 19, she lived in San Diego, California and worked as a stripper for six months at a club called The Body Shop
Gillian Wearing : Wearing lives and works in London with her partner, British artist Michael Landy.
Gillian Wearing : In 2007 Wearing was elected as lifetime member of the Royal Academy of Arts in London.
Gillian Wearing : Gillian Wearing CBE, RA (born 1963) is an English conceptual artist, one of the Young British Artists, and winner of the 1997 Turner Prize.
Laura Poitras : She lives in New York City.
Laura Poitras : Once she was threatened with being refused entry back into the United States.
Laura Poitras : The two films are parts of a trilogy.
Laura Poitras : The third part "Citizenfour" from 2014 details how the War on Terror increasingly focuses on Americans through surveillance, covert activities, and attacks on whistleblowers.
Laura Poitras : Poitras's other early films include "O' Say Can You See..." (2003) and "Exact Fantasy" (1995).
Laura Poitras : She says her work has been hampered by constant harassment by border agents during more than three dozen border crossings into and out of the United States.
Laura Poitras : Laura Poitras (; born February 2, 1964) is an American director and producer of documentary films.
Laura Poitras : It was preliminary work that was to be included in a documentary planned for release as the final part of the trilogy.
Laura Poitras : She is a MacDowell Colony Fellow, 2012 MacArthur Fellow, the creator of "Field of Vision", and one of the initial supporters of the Freedom of the Press Foundation.
Laura Poitras : It was nominated for a 2004 Independent Spirit Award and a 2004 Emmy Award.
Laura Poitras : She won the 2013 George Polk Award for "national security reporting" related to the NSA disclosures.
Laura Poitras : "Citizenfour" won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature of 2014.
Laura Poitras : She has been detained for hours and interrogated and agents have seized her computer, cell phone and reporters notes and not returned them for weeks.
Laura Poitras : In April 2012 Poitras was interviewed about surveillance on "Democracy Now!"
Laura Poitras : He stated that the program he worked on had been designed for foreign espionage, but was converted in 2001 to spying on citizens in the United States, prompting concerns by him and others that the actions were illegal and unconstitutional and that led to their disclosures.
Laura Poitras : It earned a Peabody Award, Best Documentary at both the 2003 South by Southwest (SXSW) film festival and the Seattle Lesbian & Gay Film Festival, and the Filmmaker Award at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival.
Laura Poitras : After completing "My Country, My Country", Poitras claims, "I've been placed on the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) watch list" and have been notified by airport security "that my 'threat rating' was the highest the Department of Homeland Security assigns".
Laura Poitras : Her 2006 film "My Country, My Country", about life for Iraqis under U.S. occupation, was nominated for an Academy Award.
Laura Poitras : Instead she studied at the San Francisco Art Institute with experimental filmmakers Ernie Gehr and Janis Crystal Lipzin.
Laura Poitras : Poitras reported that on October 29, 2012 the United States Supreme Court would hear arguments regarding the constitutionality of the amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that were used to authorize the creation of such facilities and justify such actions.
Laura Poitras : "The Program" implied that a facility being built at Bluffdale, Utah is part of domestic surveillance, intended for storage of massive amounts of data collected from a broad range of communications that could be mined readily for intelligence without warrants.
Laura Poitras : In response to a Glenn Greenwald article about this, a group of film directors started a petition to protest the government's actions against her.
Laura Poitras : Poitras co-directed, produced, and shot her 2003 documentary, "Flag Wars", about gentrification in Columbus, Ohio.
Laura Poitras : On August 22, 2012, in a forum of short documentaries produced by independent filmmakers, "The New York Times" published an "Op-doc" produced by Poitras entitled "The Program".
Laura Poitras : The documentary was based on interviews with William Binney, a 32-year veteran of the National Security Agency, who became a whistleblower and described the details of the Stellar Wind project that he helped to design.
Laura Poitras : Her 2010 film "The Oath", about two Yemeni men caught up in America's War on Terror, won the Excellence in Cinematography Award for U.S.
Laura Poitras : She later worked with Jacob Appelbaum and writers and editors at "Der Spiegel" to cover disclosures about mass surveillance, particularly those relating to NSA activity in Germany.
Chloë Grace Moretz : The film was released in January 2016.
Chloë Grace Moretz : She received widespread critical acclaim for her performance.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz also co-starred as Cammie, an abused child, in "The Poker House."
Chloë Grace Moretz : She has four older brothers: Brandon, Trevor, Colin, and Ethan.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Her mother, Teri Duke, is a nurse practitioner, and her father, McCoy Moretz, is a plastic surgeon, and heir to the Moretz hosiery business, bought out in 2011 for $350 million.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz was born in Atlanta, Georgia, and raised in Cartersville, Georgia.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz's first acting role in Hollywood was as Violet in two episodes of the CBS series "The Guardian," and her first film role was as Molly in "Heart of the Beholder."
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz also voiced the U.S. version of the animated character Darby in "My Friends Tigger & Pooh."
Chloë Grace Moretz : In 2012, Moretz also became the face of American youth clothing retailer Aéropostale, appearing at various events, videos and reports.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Max Mara's signature in 2012 granted her the "Max Mara Face of the Future" award.
Chloë Grace Moretz : In February 2013, "Elle" magazine awarded her with the "Next Future Icon Award" at the "Elle" Style Awards gala held in London.
Chloë Grace Moretz : She moved to New York City in 2002 with her mother and brother Trevor, because he had been accepted into the Professional Performing Arts School, which is what first drew her interest in acting.
Chloë Grace Moretz : Chloë Grace Moretz (; born February 10, 1997) is an American actress.
Chloë Grace Moretz : It was not until her second big-screen acting role, in the 2005 remake of "The Amityville Horror," that she earned greater recognition, receiving a Young Artist Award nomination.
Chloë Grace Moretz : She began acting at age six, with early roles in the supernatural horror film "The Amityville Horror" (2005), the drama series "Desperate Housewives" (2006–07), the supernatural horror film "The Eye" (2008), the drama film "The Poker House" (2008), the drama series "Dirty Sexy Money" (2007–08), the romantic comedy film "500 Days of Summer" (2009) and the children's comedy film "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" (2010).
Chloë Grace Moretz : Moretz has appeared in photo shoots, including editorials, features and covers, for magazines including "Flaunt", "Vogue", "Teen Vogue", "Jalouse", "Marie Claire", "Interview", "Elle", "Love", "Crash Magazine", "InStyle" and many others.
Chloë Grace Moretz : She appeared in the 2012 Tim Burton film "Dark Shadows," a remake of the soap opera, playing the role of Carolyn Stoddard, a rebellious teenage daughter.
Hanna Schygulla : Schygulla lived in Paris from 1981 to 2014, when she left for Berlin.
Hanna Schygulla : Schygulla was born in Königshütte (now Chorzów, Poland) to German parents Antonie (née Mzyk) and Joseph Schygulla.
Hanna Schygulla : Acting eventually became her focus, and she became particularly known for her film work with Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
Merieme Chadid : Merieme Chadid (born 11 October 1969 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-French astronomer, explorer and astrophysicist.
Christa Ludwig : Ludwig's first voice teacher was her mother.
Christa Ludwig : Her career spanned from the late 1940s until the early 1990s.
Christa Ludwig : She joined the Vienna State Opera in 1955, where she became one of its principal artists and was appointed "Kammersängerin" in 1962 and performed with the company for more than thirty years.
Christa Ludwig : From 1957 to 1970, Ludwig was married to the bass-baritone Walter Berry; the couple performed together frequently, notably in "Die Frau ohne Schatten".
Christa Ludwig : She first appeared at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1969 as Amneris in "Aida".
Christa Ludwig : In 1972, she married the French theater actor Paul-Emile Deiber.
Christa Ludwig : As Ludwig's voice matured, she expanded her repertoire from lyric and "spinto" mezzo-roles to dramatic roles.
Christa Ludwig : She was a member of the Darmstadt Opera from 1952 to 1954, then sang the 1954–1955 season at the Staatsoper Hannover.
Christa Ludwig : Ludwig made her debut in 1946 at the age of 18 as Orlovsky in "Die Fledermaus" at Frankfurt, where she sang until 1952.
Christa Ludwig : In 1954, Ludwig made her debut at the Salzburg Festival as Cherubino in "Le nozze di Figaro", and appeared there regularly until 1981.
Christa Ludwig : She also ventured briefly into the spinto and dramatic soprano repertory with performances of Verdi's Lady Macbeth ("Macbeth"), Strauss's Dyer's Wife ("Die Frau ohne Schatten"), the Marschallin ("Der Rosenkavalier") and Beethoven's Leonore ("Fidelio") .
Christa Ludwig : Ludwig was born in Berlin to a musical family; her father, Anton Ludwig, was a tenor and an operatic administrator, her mother, the mezzo-soprano Eugenie Besalla-Ludwig who sang at the Aachen Opera during Herbert von Karajan's period as conductor.
Dana Delany : She said: "I binged...
Dana Delany : In the years following "China Beach", Delany worked steadily in television, movies and theater.
Dana Delany : This role not only garnered two Primetime Emmy Awards, but two additional Primetime Emmy Award nominations and two Golden Globe Award nominations.
Dana Delany : I starved ...
Dana Delany : Dana Welles Delany (born March 13, 1956) is an American actress, producer, and activist.
Dana Delany : In the 2000s, Delany appeared in main roles on several short-lived television series, including "Pasadena" (2001), "Presidio Med" (2002–2003), and "Kidnapped" (2006–2007).
Dana Delany : She received further recognition for her appearances in the films "Light Sleeper" (1992), "Tombstone" (1993), "Exit to Eden" (1994), "" (1995), "Fly Away Home" (1996), "True Women" (1997), and "Wide Awake" (1998).
Dana Delany : From 2007 to 2010, she starred as Katherine Mayfair on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives", for which she received a Prism Award in 2009.
Dana Delany : and "Thirtysomething".
Betty Mahmoody : He also assaulted her, and threatened to kill her if she tried to leave.
Betty Mahmoody : She eventually escaped with her daughter.
Betty Mahmoody : The book details her escape to Turkey through the snowy Iranian mountains, and the help she received from many Iranians.
Betty Mahmoody : Once the two weeks were over, however, he refused to allow his wife and child to leave.
Betty Mahmoody : According to the book, her husband separated her from her daughter for weeks on end.
Betty Mahmoody : She is the President and co-founder of "One World: For Children", an organization that promotes understanding between cultures and strives to offer security and protection to children of bi-cultural marriages.
Betty Mahmoody : The state news agency IRNA quoted his nephew, Majid Ghodsi, as reporting that he died in a hospital from kidney problems and other complications.
Betty Mahmoody : Mahmoody became trapped in a nation that was hostile to Americans, a family hostile to her, and an abusive husband.
Betty Mahmoody : On August 23, 2009, Sayyed Bozorg Mahmoody died in Tehran, Iran, aged 70.
Betty Mahmoody : Her book "Not Without My Daughter" is an account of her experiences in 1984–1986, when she left Alpena, Michigan, to go to Iran with her husband and daughter for what she was promised would be a short visit.
Betty Mahmoody : Alexis Kouros collaborated with Mahmoody's ex-husband to create a documentary, "Without My Daughter", to counter the claims in Betty's book.
Betty Mahmoody : Mahmoody compiled stories of other parents whose foreign spouses estranged them from their children in the book "For the Love of a Child" (1992).
Cathy Weseluck : Weseluck has provided voices for many cartoon and anime series.
Cathy Weseluck : She also voices and several background characters in the animated children's series "".
Cathy Weseluck : Her first voice work was a radio spot for the Vancouver Centre Mall.
Cathy Weseluck : She served as singing director on "My Little Pony Tales", casting coordinator on "Animated Classic Showcase" for Film Roman, voice director for the English version of "Spiff and Hercules", casting director on "The Authentic Adventures of Professor Thompson" and dubbing director on "Billy the Cat".
Cathy Weseluck : Before becoming a voice actress, Weseluck was an associate producer at CBC Radio until one of the hosts encouraged her to try voice acting.
Cathy Weseluck : In addition to her voice-over work, she is also a voice director and instructor.
Cathy Weseluck : Catherine Weseluck (born August 21, 1970), is a Canadian actress, comedian, singer, and voice artist who frequently works with Ocean Productions in Vancouver, British Columbia and is known for her roles as Near in "Death Note", Cybersix/Adrian Seidelman in "Cybersix", and Spike in "".
Cathy Weseluck : She has provided the voice of Mirai Yashima in "Mobile Suit Gundam", Dorothy Catalonia and Catherine Bloom in "Gundam Wing", Near in "Death Note", Cybersix in "Cybersix", Shampoo in "Ranma ½", Kagome's mother in "InuYasha", Verne in "U.B.O.S.
Magaly Medina : Magaly Jesús Medina Vela (born March 31, 1963) is a Peruvian entrepreneur, presenter, radio and television producer; most known for the popular celebrity gossip show ", that ran from 1997 to 2012.
Magaly Medina : While being a journalist in the political weekly magazine , under the supervision of journalist , for more than six years, she made her television debut on April 1991 on the journalistic debate show ""Fuego Cruzado"" in which, alongside other journalists and linguist Martha Hildebrandt, member of the Peruvian Academy of Language, harshly questioned and criticized well-known and now deceased television presenter Augusto Ferrando, whom they described as vulgar for his style as a host on his former TV show, ""Trampolín a la Fama"".
Diane Baker : She reemerged on the big screen in "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991) as Senator Ruth Martin ("Love your suit," Hannibal Lecter memorably said to her).
Diane Baker : Baker also appeared in the films "The Joy Luck Club", "The Cable Guy", "The Net" and "A Mighty Wind".
Diane Baker : She was formerly the Executive Director of the School of Motion Pictures-Television and the School of Acting.
Diane Baker : In the decades after "Mirage", she appeared frequently on television and began producing films, including the drama film "Never Never Land" (1980) and the miniseries "A Woman of Substance" (1984), in which she played Laura.
Diane Baker : At age 18, after graduating from Van Nuys High School in 1956, Baker moved to New York to study acting with Charles Conrad and ballet with Nina Fonaroff.
Diane Baker : She guest-starred in four episodes of "House" in 2005, 2008 and twice in 2012 as Blythe House, the mother of the title character.
Diane Baker : Her television work, which began in the 1960s, includes appearances on "Follow the Sun", "Bus Stop", "Adventures in Paradise", "The Lloyd Bridges Show", "The Nurses", "The Invaders" (in the first episode), and two episodes of "Route 66".
Diane Baker : Diane Carol Baker (born February 25, 1938) is an American actress, producer and educator who has appeared in motion pictures and on television since 1959.
Diane Baker : In the same year, she starred in "Journey to the Center of the Earth" with James Mason and in "The Best of Everything" with Hope Lange and Joan Crawford.
Diane Baker : In August 1967, Baker had the distinction of playing David Janssen's love interest in the two-part finale of "The Fugitive", which became the most-watched show in the history of episodic television up until that time.
Diane Baker : Other Fox films in which Baker appeared include the assassination thriller "Nine Hours to Rama", "Hemingway's Adventures of a Young Man" and "The 300 Spartans".
Diane Baker : She is the daughter of Dorothy Helen Harrington, who had appeared in several early Marx Brothers movies, and automobile salesperson Clyde Lucius Baker.
Diane Baker : Alfred Hitchcock cast her in his film "Marnie" (1964) as Lil Mainwaring, the sister-in-law of Mark Rutland (Sean Connery).
Diane Baker : Finally out of her contract with Fox after starring in the fourth screen version of Grace Miller White's novel "Tess of the Storm Country" and "The 300 Spartans" (1962), Baker appeared in "Stolen Hours", a 1963 remake of "Dark Victory" (Mirisch Corp. and United Artists), and, the same year, opposite Paul Newman and Elke Sommer in "The Prize" (MGM).
Diane Baker : In 1964, she co-starred with Joan Crawford in both "Strait-Jacket", William Castle's thriller about an axe murderess, and an unsold television pilot "Royal Bay", released to theaters as "Della".
Diane Baker : After securing a seven-year contract with 20th Century Fox in 1958, Baker made her film debut when she was chosen by director George Stevens to play Margot Frank in the 1959 motion picture "The Diary of Anne Frank".
David Safier : The novel was also turned into a radio play.
David Safier : David Safier ['sa:fiɐ] (born 13 December 1966 in Bremen) is a German writer and novelist.
David Safier : "Berlin, Berlin" also won an International Emmy Award for best comedy in 2004.
Alizée : Alizée has a mezzo-soprano vocal type and range.
Alizée : For her second album she mostly kept a similar style but with more electronic influences.
Alizée : Alizée is very fond of tattoos, of which she has many.
Alizée : Her hairstyle was usually a simple bob and her make-up was designed to emphasize and enhance her natural beauty.
Alizée : 12 July, a limited Collector's Edition of the fifth album became available for pre-order.
Alizée : The single "Fifty-Sixty" is dedicated to the memory of model Edie Sedgwick.
Alizée : The albums features English versions of four tracks.
Alizée : She started her musical career with songs she described as "soulful pop music".
Alizée : Alizée became an international pop culture icon immediately after launching her recording career.
Alizée : In 2000 she erupted in the musical world, becoming an international sensation because she was the most successful female French singer in a long while.
Alizée : Alizée made clear that the renewal is a big part of her contribution to music.
Alizée : The Mademoiselle Juliette video released on 19 November 2007 is listed at 138 in the countdown of 150 most important videos of the last 15 years of the MTV Latin America channel.
Alizée : A live CD and DVD, titled "Alizée En Concert", composed of selected performances from her tour, was launched a year later in the fall of 2004.
Alizée : Alizée is known for blending Electronic sounds with pop, such as psychedelic pop and most recently, mainstream Europop.
Alizée : In the same year "Le Figaro" newspaper announced as Alizée's music was the top earning French music of the year thanks in part to Farmer and Boutonnat's collaboration, which earned 10.4 million €.
Alizée : Following the release of "Mes Courants Électriques", Alizée went on a countrywide tour of France, along with a performance each in Belgium and Switzerland, during the second half of 2003.
Alizée : The second album was primarily house sounds, instrumentals and electronic sounds mixed with the sounds from her last album.
Alizée : After a two-year hiatus, she returned with a third album whose style was more "psychedelic" and which saw her seeking a new and wider audience.
Alizée : In early 2001, she won the NRJ Music Awards for Francophone Revelation after she won an M6 Award in late 2000.
Alizée : She was born and raised in Ajaccio, Corsica.
Alizée : In the 2010 'Sexiest Women in the World' polls, run by the French edition of "FHM" magazine, readers voted Alizée as the second sexiest woman out of 100.
Alizée : The first single from the album was "Mademoiselle Juliette", officially released on 30 September 2007.
Alizée : On 27 June 2012, Alizée announced on live chat that the first single, "À cause de l'automne", from the new album was to be released 28 June 2012.
Alizée : For her fourth album she had another radical change in musical style with a new genre for her career: "Mainstream", with strong rhythms compared to her previous three albums.
Alizée : Even though early albums portrayed her in a sexy, Lolita-like manner, Alizée was modest, demure and family-oriented in public during her teenage years.
Alizée : The third album marked a change, replacing her earlier styles with psychedelic sounds and a very rhythmic world music.
Alizée : Alizée Jacotey (born 21 August 1984), known professionally as Alizée, is a French singer, dancer and voice actress.
Alizée : Alizée also revealed that for the new album she was working with Jean-Jacques Goldman, BB Brunes and Thomas Boulard (singer and guitarist of French rock band "Luke").
Alizée : For the promotion of this album Alizée posed for a French magazine, "Technikart", in the "Like a Virgin" style of her idol Madonna.
Alizée : Alizée is famous for her most successful single to date Moi... Lolita which became a worldwide sensation, with the singer becoming a phenomenon and a national obsession in France.
Alizée : She has the 31st best-selling single in the history of France for Moi... Lolita and two singles in the French Top 100 singles of the 2000s and List of best-selling singles in France history respectively.
Alizée : The album includes collaborations with Bertrand Burgalat, Daniel Darc, Oxmo Puccino, Jérémy Chatelain, Michel-Yves Kochmann, and Jean Fauque.
Alizée : At the time of her debut, NRJ Radio said about her, "The Queen of Europop is a French Lolita".
Alizée : Media says: "One of the most controversial and female vocalists of the 21st century who broke into the music world at 17 years old with a worldwide success coming in the "Europop queen "spearheaded the rise of post-millennial Europop ... Alizée early on cultivated a mixture of a sweet Lolita innocence and experience that broke the bank".
Corina Peptan : In the European Club Cup for Women, she played for gold medal-winning team AEM-Luxten Timişoara in 1998.
Corina Peptan : Peptan has won two individual silver medals at the olympiad, in Moscow 1994 (playing board 3) and Calvià 2004 (board 2).
Corina Peptan : Corina-Isabela Peptan (born March 17, 1978) is a Romanian chess player with the titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).
Corina Peptan : Peptan won the Romanian women's championship in 1994, 1995, 1997, 2000, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2014, 2015 and 2017.
Lydia Cacho : Her books have been translated into French, English, Dutch, Portuguese, Italian, German, Croatian, Swedish, and Turkish.
Lydia Cacho : Lydia María Cacho Ribeiro (born 12 April 1963) is a Mexican leftist journalist, feminist, and human rights activist.
Lydia Cacho : As of 2018, Lydia Cacho has written twelve books, ranging from poetry to fiction, and including a Manual to prevent child abuse, essays on gender issues and love, and her international best sellers about Sex trafficking, Human Slavery and the relationship between child pornography and child sexual abuse like " Slavery Inc.: The Untold Story of International Sex Trafficking ", published in the U.K.
Lydia Cacho : Lydia Cacho Ribeiro was born in Mexico City to a mother of French-Portuguese origin who moved from France to Mexico during World War II and a Mexican engineer father.
Esther Wojcicki : Her parents were Russian Jewish immigrants who came to New York City in the 1930s.
Esther Wojcicki : Her family moved to Southern California after she was born.
Esther Wojcicki : There she began the journalism program which has grown to become one of the largest in America.
Esther Wojcicki : Wojcicki has studied education and technology.
Esther Wojcicki : She has worked as a professional journalist for multiple publications and blogs regularly for The Huffington Post.
Esther Wojcicki : Wojcicki is the oldest of three children, and was the first in her family to attend college.
Esther Wojcicki : They have three daughters: Susan (CEO of YouTube), Janet, a Fulbright-winning anthropologist, Assistant Professor of Pediatrics and researcher, and Anne (co-founder of 23andMe), and nine grandchildren.
Esther Wojcicki : Her husband is Stanford University professor of physics Stanley Wojcicki.
Esther Wojcicki : Esther Denise "Woj" Hochman Wojcicki ( , ) is an American journalist, educator, and vice chair of the Creative Commons advisory council.
Esther Wojcicki : In 2009, she was awarded the Gold Key by Columbia Scholastic Press Association in recognition of outstanding devotion to the cause of the school press.
Esther Wojcicki : She served on the University of California Office of the President Curriculum Committee where she helped revise the beginning and advanced journalism curriculum for the state of California.
Esther Wojcicki : She has an advanced degree in French and French History from the Sorbonne, and both a Secondary School Administrative Credential and a M.A.
Esther Wojcicki : Wojcicki has taught at Palo Alto High School since 1984, where she currently teaches journalism and English.
Esther Wojcicki : Wojcicki was the 1990 Northern California Journalism teacher of the year, and was selected as the California Teacher of the Year in 2002 by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing.
Margarethe von Trotta : The child of Elisabeth von Trotta and painter Alfred Roloff, she was born in Berlin.
Margarethe von Trotta : In her early career, von Trotta was an actress, appearing in notable films of directors Rainer Werner Fassbinder and Volker Schlöndorff.
Margarethe von Trotta : Margarethe von Trotta (born 21 February 1942) is a German film director who has been referred to as a "leading force" of the New German Cinema movement.
Yvonne van Gennip : Yvonne Maria Therèse van Gennip (born 1 May 1964) is one of the most successful female Dutch all-round speed skaters.
Yvonne van Gennip : But Van Gennip smashed the world record by almost five seconds to win the 3000 metres, beat her personal record by almost 4 seconds to win the 1500 metres, and was almost seven seconds faster than her own world record time to win the 5000 metres as well.
Yvonne van Gennip : Van Gennip participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo and in the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville as well, but did not win a medal.
Ángeles González-Sinde : She was Culture Minister of Spain from April 2009 until December 2011.
Ángeles González-Sinde : Moreover, Spanish law 5/2006 of April 10, 2006 regulates conflicts of interest among high-ranking positions in the Spanish government.
Ángeles González-Sinde : Ángeles González-Sinde Reig (born 7 April 1965) is a Spanish scriptwriter, film director and politician.
Ángeles González-Sinde : González-Sinde studied Classics at the Complutense University of Madrid and did a Masters in Cinema Scriptwriting at the AFI Conservatory in Los Angeles.
Ángeles González-Sinde : She was president of AACCE ("Academia de las Artes y las Ciencias Cinematográficas de España", "Spanish Academy of Arts and Cinematographic Sciences") since 2006 until April 2009, when she was appointed Minister of Culture.
Lone Scherfig : Ultimately, the film was a moderate success commercially, grossing over $56 million worldwide on a $15 million budget.
Lone Scherfig : Lone Scherfig (; born 2 May 1959) is a Danish film director and screenwriter who has been involved with the Dogme 95 film movement and who has been widely critically acclaimed for several of her movies, including the Oscar-nominated film "An Education" (2009).
Lone Scherfig : Her directorial debut in film came with "Kaj's fodselsdag".
Lone Scherfig : She went on to gain a nomination from the Academy Awards, as did the film itself (for Best Picture) and Nick Hornby (for his Adapted Screenplay).
Leslie Caron : Regrettable expression."
Leslie Caron : They divorced in 1954.
Leslie Caron : Still, Caron has said of herself: "Unfortunately, Hollywood considers musical dancers as hoofers.
Leslie Caron : Caron had an affair with Warren Beatty (1961).
Leslie Caron : When she and Hall divorced in 1965, Beatty was named as a co-respondent and was ordered by the London court to pay the costs of the case.
Leslie Caron : In 1969, Caron married Michael Laughlin, the producer of the film "Two-Lane Blacktop;" they divorced in 1980.
Leslie Caron : In September 1951, Caron married American George Hormel II, a grandson of the founder of the Hormel meat-packing company.
Leslie Caron : From June 1993 until September 2009, Caron owned and operated the hotel and restaurant "Auberge la Lucarne aux Chouettes" (The Owls' Nest), located in Villeneuve-sur-Yonne, located about south of Paris.
Leslie Caron : Leslie Claire Margaret Caron (; born 1 July 1931) is a French-American actress and dancer who appeared in 45 films between 1951 and 2003.
Leslie Caron : They married in 1956 and had two children: Christopher John Hall (TV producer) in 1957 and Jennifer Caron Hall, a writer, painter, and actress, in 1958.Her son-in-law, married to Jennifer, is Glenn Wilhide, the producer and screenwriter.
Leslie Caron : Her other later credits include "Funny Bones" (1995) with Jerry Lewis and Oliver Platt; "The Last of the Blonde Bombshells" (2000) with Judi Dench and Cleo Laine; and "Le Divorce" (2003), directed by James Ivory, with Kate Hudson and Naomi Watts.
Leslie Caron : Her later film assignments included "Father Goose" (1964), with Cary Grant; Ken Russell's "Valentino" (1977), in the role of silent-screen legend Alla Nazimova; and Louis Malle's "Damage" (1992).
Homare Sawa : She was also selected Best Eleven 5 times (1993, 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998).
Homare Sawa : However Japan went on to lose 5-2 to the US in the final.
Homare Sawa : She made her debut in L.League, Japan's highest domestic league, at the young age of 12.
Homare Sawa : After a 2–2 tie in front of a sellout crowd in Frankfurt, Germany (with one goal by Sawa in the 117th minute), Japan won the penalty shootout 3–1, defeating the United States to win their first ever World Cup.
Homare Sawa : Sawa was also awarded the Golden Boot for being the tournament's leading scorer with five goals and the Golden Ball for being the tournament's MVP.
Homare Sawa : She announced her immediate retirement from international football in August 2012, after helping Japan win a silver medal at the 2012 London Olympics.
Leona Lewis : Management.
Leona Lewis : Upon winning, Lewis said:
Leona Lewis : The couple had been dating since 2010.
Leona Lewis : He admitted to the offence and was hospitalised for an indeterminate period.
Leona Lewis : However, the songs are not beat-driven or following the latest trends but can be performed acoustically.
Leona Lewis : Lewis lived in Hackney, East London.
Leona Lewis : It has an American style, with some electronic 1980s sounds.
Leona Lewis : She left the role, after almost four months of playing the character, on 9 October 2016.
Leona Lewis : He was arrested at the scene; The assailant was sectioned under the Mental Health Act 2007 and was charged with common assault.
Leona Lewis : It was announced that she would begin work on her fourth studio album, which would be released later in the year.
Leona Lewis : Lewis commented that she turned down the deal on the grounds that Harrods is the only UK department store that continues to stock clothing made from animal fur: "It wasn't a million pounds that I was offered, as the papers reported, but even if it had been, I still would have turned it down".
Leona Lewis : The book, "Dreams", contains mostly pictures taken by photographer Dean Freeman.
Leona Lewis : She also commented that it would have a darker tone and that she would be putting her "heart into [her] lyrics".
Leona Lewis : In September 2008, she joined several female singers to perform a single for the anti-cancer campaign Stand Up to Cancer.
Leona Lewis : Lewis signed a book deal in January 2009 to release an illustrated autobiography in October 2009.
Leona Lewis : In February 2013, Lewis left her management, Modest!
Leona Lewis : "Forgive Me" was released as Lewis's fifth single in November 2008; it reached number five in the UK.
Leona Lewis : ", was performed live during the one-hour telethon that aired on all major US television networks.
Leona Lewis : In October 2008, "The Times" reported that Lewis had turned down a seven-figure sum from Mohamed Al Fayed to open a Harrods sale.
Leona Lewis : The performance earned the pair a CMT Music Award nomination in 2016.
Leona Lewis : Lewis is a supporter of World Animal Protection and is a patron of the Hopefield Animal Sanctuary in Brentwood, Essex.
Leona Lewis : In December 2015, Lewis performed a cover of "Girl Crush" with Adam Lambert at the CMT Artists of the Year event.
Leona Lewis : Lewis headlined Cirque du Soleil's One Night for One Drop performance in Las Vegas in March 2016, to help to raise funds and awareness for critical water issues worldwide.
Leona Lewis : Lewis's third single, a double A-side featuring "Better in Time" and "Footprints in the Sand", was released in the United Kingdom in March 2008, in aid of Sport Relief, and she visited South Africa for the charity.
Leona Lewis : Her perfume, "Leona Lewis", was launched by LR in July 2009.
Leona Lewis : In July, "I Am" and "Thunder", were released as the album's second and third singles, respectively; "Thunder" served as the album's lead single in the US.
Leona Lewis : Lewis split from Island Records in June 2016 because of "something that didn't click".
Leona Lewis : In 2010, she set up a fashion company with her then-boyfriend, Lou Al-Chamaa, called LOA Clothing Ltd, which was dissolved in 2012.
Leona Lewis : She has an older half-brother, Bradley, and a younger brother, Kyle.
Leona Lewis : It was nominated for Best Original Song at the 67th Golden Globe Awards.
Leona Lewis : Lewis began work on her third album, "Glassheart", shortly after she had completed The Labyrinth tour.
Leona Lewis : In January 2010, Lewis provided vocals on a cover of "Everybody Hurts", released to help raise money for victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
Leona Lewis : The single reached a peak of number two in the UK singles chart selling over 40,000 copies in its first week of physical release.
Leona Lewis : The song, "I See You", was written by James Horner and Simon Franglen.
Leona Lewis : She won two awards at the 2008 MOBO Awards: Best Album for "Spirit" and Best Video for "Bleeding Love".
Leona Lewis : Lewis's first tour, titled The Labyrinth supporting "Spirit" and "Echo", started in May 2010.
Leona Lewis : In April 2015, during an intimate showcase in London, Lewis revealed "Fire Under My Feet" to be the lead single from her fifth studio album.
Leona Lewis : "Run" was released as a download-only single in the UK, reaching number one and becoming the UK's fastest-selling download-only single, with 69,244 copies sold in two days.
Leona Lewis : In December 2008 Lewis was named 'Top New Artist' by "Billboard" magazine.
Leona Lewis : A week later, "Christmas, with Love" advanced to number 13 and "One More Sleep" climbed 31 places to number 3, making it Lewis' highest charting single since 2009's "Happy".
Leona Lewis : The album "I Am" was released on 11 September 2015, in the UK.
Leona Lewis : In March 2013, Lewis was announced as the new brand activist for The Body Shop.
Leona Lewis : In June 2016, she released a charity single "(We All Are) Looking for Home", created in collaboration with Diane Warren for the Vanderpump Dog Foundation's public service announcement, in opposition to the Yulin Dog Meat Festival.
Leona Lewis : In 2011, Lewis was a guest judge on "Platinum Hit", and in May 2012, she returned to "The X Factor" as a guest judge during auditions in London for the ninth series.
Leona Lewis : Lewis featured on Michael Bolton's cover of "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" for his , which was released in May 2014.
Leona Lewis : A DVD of the tour, along with a ten-track CD, was released with the title "The Labyrinth Tour Live from The O2" on 29 November 2010.
Leona Lewis : She also was named PETA's Person of the Year for 2008.
Leona Lewis : Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actress, model and activist.
Leona Lewis : In April 2010, she featured on a duet with Italian singer Biagio Antonacci, called "Inaspettata (Unexpected)", from his album "Inaspettata".
Leona Lewis : Throughout the course of the show, Lewis was compared with artists such as Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and Celine Dion, performing songs by all three of them.
Leona Lewis : The first single released from "Echo" was "Happy", which was written by Lewis, Tedder and Evan Bogart and produced by Tedder.
Leona Lewis : At a book signing for "Dreams" on 14 October 2009, at the Piccadilly branch of Waterstone's book store in central London, Lewis was assaulted by a 29-year-old man from south London who began punching her in the head.
Leona Lewis : The album, "Christmas, with Love", was released on 2 December 2013 and the lead single, "One More Sleep", was released on 5 November 2013.
Leona Lewis : "Better in Time" was released as Lewis's second single in the US, where it peaked at number 11 in the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Leona Lewis : She announced in October 2008 that she was in the "bargaining period" of launching her own ethical line of accessories through Topshop and that she was in the late stages of releasing her own perfume in Europe.
Leona Lewis : In August 2008, Lewis performed "Whole Lotta Love" with guitarist Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin at the 2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony in Beijing, representing the handover to London as the host of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Leona Lewis : In 2016, Lewis made her Broadway debut as Grizabella in the revival of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical "Cats".
Leona Lewis : In July 2013, Lewis revealed that her new studio album would be a "Motown-influenced" Christmas collection, with both classic covers and original material.
Leona Lewis : Lewis commented on the musical style of her debut album describing the album as "classic songs with a contemporary edge", with R&B and "fresh pop" styles, ballads and "soulful up-tempo numbers".
Leona Lewis : Lewis's second album, "Echo", mixed pop and R&B; during an interview with "Variety" magazine, she said on the album's sound that she "wanted the album to have a little bit more of a live feel to it, with a little more live instrumentation."
Leona Lewis : She cited Tracy Chapman, Kate Bush and Tears for Fears as the album's primary influences.
Leona Lewis : The single was released on 15 September 2009, peaking at number two in the UK, and reaching the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Japan and Switzerland.
Leona Lewis : Lewis was scheduled to tour North America from July to August 2010 supporting Christina Aguilera's Bionic Tour, but Aguilera cancelled the tour, leaving Lewis's plans unknown.
Leona Lewis : With "One More Sleep" peaking inside the top five on the UK Singles Chart, Lewis set a new record for British female solo artist with the most top five singles in the history of the chart, bringing her total to eight.
Eva González : She did not enter the top 15.
Eva González : She wore a flamenco dress at the national costume presentation.
Eva González : Eva María González Fernández (born November 5, 1980) is a Spanish actress, television presenter and beauty pageant winner who represented her country at the Miss Universe 2003 pageant.
Eva González : González participated at the Miss Spain pageant in 2003, representing Seville.
Eva González : She won the title at the age of 22 and then traveled to Panama City, Panama for the Miss Universe 2003 pageant.
Eva González : González was born in Seville, Spain.
Fatiha Boudiaf : She has denounced the official investigation of her husband's assassination, suggesting that it was not the work of a lone fanatic but part of a greater plot.
Fatiha Boudiaf : The foundation is set up in honour of Boudiaf's deceased husband, and hopes to spread a message of peace and education for all citizens of Algeria.
Julie Andrews : On 15 December 2010, Andrews' husband Blake Edwards died at the age of 88, of complications of pneumonia at the Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.
Julie Andrews : In the 2000 New Year Honours List, Andrews was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) for services to the performing arts by Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace.
Julie Andrews : Julia Elizabeth Wells was born on 1 October 1935 in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England.
Julie Andrews : Andrews has published several books (mainly children's books and autobiographies) under her name, as well as the pen names Julie Andrews Edwards and Julie Edwards.
Julie Andrews : From 2001 to 2004, Andrews starred in "The Princess Diaries" (2001) and "" (2004).
Julie Andrews : Her performance earned her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical, as well as a nomination for the 1982 Academy Award for Best Actress, her third Oscar nomination.
Maria Klawe : It will come back."
Maria Klawe : It's good karma.
Maria Klawe : in 1973.
Maria Klawe : That might be one of the initial 'super powers,' that quite frankly, women (who) don't ask for a raise have.
Maria Klawe : She became a citizen of the United States on January 29, 2009.
Maria Klawe : Later in 2009, she joined the board of directors of the Microsoft Corporation.
Maria Klawe : Today about 45% of the students and over 40% of the faculty are female.
Maria Klawe : Klawe has been heavily involved with increasing the representation of women in STEM fields.
Maria Klawe : She attributes the lack of women in technical fields due to how the media portrays women.
Maria Klawe : Klawe emphasizes that the introductory courses offered need to be presented in a problem-solving environment, not a competitive one where a few males dominate the conversation.
Maria Klawe : Another project she's working on is an online course called MOOC aimed at 10th grade students.
Maria Klawe : She believes that if programming courses are taken at the middle school level then they have another four years of high school for peer pressure to get them disinterested again."
Maria Klawe : When she arrived at Mudd only about 30% of students and faculty were female.
Maria Klawe : Klawe believes the "testosterone culture" prevents women from continuing on with CS because the males that know everything scare away anyone who is trying to learn.
Maria Klawe : In an interview with PBS she explains how TV shows in the 1970s showed men along with women who had successful careers such as doctors or lawyers and that caused the number of women going into medicine skyrocket.
Maria Klawe : During her five years as the chair appointment she increased female computer science majors from 16% to 27% and increased the number of female computer science faculty from 2 to 7.
Maria Klawe : Klawe was a huge advocate for salary negotiation by women, disagreeing with Microsoft's CEO Satya Nadella, when he said "It's not really about asking for a raise, but knowing and having faith that the system will give you the right raise.
Maria Klawe : Born in Toronto in 1951, she became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2009.
Maria Klawe : She was previously Dean of the School of Engineering and Applied Science at Princeton University.
Maria Klawe : Klawe believes that women should take an entry level computer science course during their first year at college that focuses on portraying the field as fun and engaging rather than trying to convince women to stay.
Maria Klawe : She was in charge of increasing female participation in science and engineering.
Maria Klawe : Klawe studied at the University of Alberta, dropped out to travel the world, and returned to earn her B.Sc.
Maria Klawe : She lived in Scotland from ages 4 to 12, and then returned to Canada, living with her family in Edmonton, Alberta.
Maria Klawe : She also served as the president of the Association for Computing Machinery from 2002-2004, and in 2004 won the A. Nico Habermann award.
Maria Klawe : Some of Klawe's best-cited research works concern algorithms for solving geometric optimization problems, distributed leader election, and the art gallery problem, and studies of the effects of gender on electronic game-playing.
Maria Klawe : Maria Margaret Klawe ( ; born 1951) is a computer scientist and the fifth president of Harvey Mudd College (since July 1, 2006).
Maria Klawe : Currently, Klawe is working on helping biology majors learn computer science by working with UCSD to create a biology themed introductory computer science course.
Maria Klawe : She started a second Ph.D., in computer science, at the University of Toronto, but was offered a faculty position there before completing the degree.
Maria Klawe : She stayed at Alberta for her graduate studies, and in 1977 she earned her Ph.D. there in mathematics.
Maria Klawe : She founded the Aphasia Project, a collaboration between UBC and Princeton to study aphasia and develop cognitive aids for people suffering from it, after her friend Anita Borg developed brain cancer.
Maria Klawe : She joined the mathematics faculty at Oakland University as an assistant professor in 1977 but only stayed for a year.
Maria Klawe : In 1991, together with Nancy Leveson, she founded CRA-W (The Computing Research Association's Committee on the Status of Women in Computing Research) and served as its first co-chair.
Maria Klawe : She was the winner of the 2014 Woman of Vision ABIE Award for Leadership from the Anita Borg Institute.
Maria Klawe : From UBC she moved to Princeton and then Harvey Mudd College, where she is the first woman president.
Maria Klawe : While Klawe was the dean at UBC, she became the NSERC-IBM chair for Women in Science and Engineering.
Maria Klawe : She spent eight years in industry, serving at IBM's Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California, first as a research scientist, then as manager of the Discrete Mathematics Group and manager of the Mathematics and Related Computer Science Department.
Maria Klawe : She and her husband Nick Pippenger then moved to the University of British Columbia, where she stayed for 15 years and served as head of the Department of Computer Science from 1988 to 1995, vice president of student and academic services from 1995 to 1998, and dean of science from 1998 to 2002.
Maria Klawe : Klawe was inducted as a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1996, a founding fellow of the Canadian Information Processing Society in 2006, a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2009, a fellow of the American Mathematical Society in 2012, and a fellow of the Association for Women in Mathematics in 2019.
Maria Klawe : She was also a personal friend of Anita Borg and served as the chair of the Board of Trustees of the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology from 1996 to 2011.
Marie-Christine Barrault : Her mother later remarried and had more children.
Marie-Christine Barrault : She was married to director Roger Vadim from 1990 until his death from cancer in 2000.
Marie-Christine Barrault : In 1975 Barrault starred in "Cousin Cousine", for which she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
Marie-Christine Barrault : Marie-Christine Barrault (born 21 March 1944) is a French actress.
Marie-Christine Barrault : However, in 1980 she accepted an offer from Woody Allen to appear in his film, "Stardust Memories".
Marie-Christine Barrault : She made her feature film debut in Éric Rohmer's "My Night at Maud's" (1969).
Lisa Ono : From that time on she spent half of every year in Japan, and half in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Lisa Ono : Lisa Ono was born in São Paulo, Brazil, in 1962 but moved with her family to Tokyo at the age of 10.
Lisa Ono : In 2003 she released the album "Dans Mon Île" (French for "In my island"), themed around a voyage to France and based on famous French songs.
Lisa Ono : Lisa Ono (小野リサ; born 29 July 1962) is a popular Brazilian-Japanese bossa nova singer.
Raffaella Carrà : Similarly, in 1971 Carrà achieved other hits with "Ma che musica maestro" and "Chissà se va".
Raffaella Carrà : Carrà debuted in cinema at age nine, in "Tormento del passato" (1952).
Raffaella Carrà : Raffaella Maria Roberta Pelloni (born 18 June 1943), better known as Raffaella Carrà (), is an Italian singer, dancer, television presenter, and actress.
Raffaella Carrà : As Carrà, she starred in the motion picture "Von Ryan's Express" (1965) with Frank Sinatra, Edward Mulhare, and Trevor Howard.
Neide Van-Dúnem : Neide Núria de Sousa Van-Dúnem Vieira (born July 4, 1986), also known as Neide, is a popular Angolan contemporary singer, songwriter, and film/television actress.
Natalia Barbu : At the contest, she qualified from the semi-final on 10 May 2007 and ultimately placed 10th in the final on 12 May 2007, scoring 109 points.
Natalia Barbu : Natalia Barbu (; born 22 August 1979 in Bălți) is a Moldovan singer and songwriter.
Natalia Barbu : She is best known for representing Moldova in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with the song "Fight".
Samantha Fox : Samantha Karen Fox (born 15 April 1966) is an English singer, songwriter, actress, and former glamour model.
Samantha Fox : In 1986, she launched a pop music career with her debut single "Touch Me (I Want Your Body)", which peaked at number-one in 17 countries.
Nancy Farmer : Nancy Farmer is an American author of children's and young adult books and science fiction.
Taylor Wane : Wane initially wanted to be a teacher.
Taylor Wane : Wane has her own production company called "Taylor Wane Entertainment" started in the mid 1990s.
Taylor Wane : However, at age 18, her mother entered her into a calendar girl competition, which she won.
Taylor Wane : Wane began performing in the adult video industry in 1989.
Taylor Wane : She was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 2005 and the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2014.
Taylor Wane : Wane was the "Penthouse" Pet of the Month in June 1994 and appeared several more times in "Penthouse" after that.
Taylor Wane : Wane was also the "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for June 1994.
Taylor Wane : Taylor Wane (born 27 August 1968) is a British pornographic actress, director, model, and serial entrepreneur.
Monica Seles : I don't foresee that happening."
Monica Seles : "What people seem to be forgetting is that this man stabbed me intentionally and he did not serve any sort of punishment for it ...
Monica Seles : However, on February 14, 2008, Seles announced her official retirement from professional tennis.
Monica Seles : She never again played an official tour match.
Monica Seles : The incident prompted a significant increase in the level of security at tour events.
Monica Seles : Seles ended up losing the game and the break, but broke back and closed out the match.
Monica Seles : Seles vowed never to play tennis in Germany again, disenchanted by the German legal system.
Monica Seles : Seles was born in Yugoslavia into an ethnic Hungarian family.
Monica Seles : In his trial, he was found to be psychologically abnormal, and was sentenced to two years' probation and psychological treatment.
Monica Seles : After becoming a U.S. citizen in 1994, Seles helped the U.S. team win the Fed Cup in 1996, 1999, and 2000.
Monica Seles : In February 2005, Seles played two exhibition matches in New Zealand against Navratilova.
Monica Seles : In the spring of 2003, Seles sustained a foot injury.
Monica Seles : Monica Seles (; , ; , "Monika Seleš"; born December 2, 1973) is a retired professional tennis player, who represented Yugoslavia and the United States.
Monica Seles : In January 1996, Seles won her fourth Australian Open, beating Anke Huber in the final.
Monica Seles : 1 Steffi Graf.
Helen Hunt : Hunt started dating actor Hank Azaria in 1994.
Helen Hunt : She began a relationship with producer/writer/director Matthew Carnahan starting in 2001.
Helen Hunt : She directed several episodes of "Mad About You", including the series finale.
Helen Hunt : Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress, director, and screenwriter.
Kate Moss : In 2007, "Time" named her one of the world's 100 most influential people.
Kate Moss : She is the godmother of Sadie Frost and Jude Law's daughter Iris Law.
Kate Moss : She has appeared in music videos such as "Kowalski" by Primal Scream, "I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself" by the White Stripes, "Something About the Way You Look Tonight" by Elton John, "Sex with Strangers" by Marianne Faithfull, "Love Don't Bother Me" by Stage Dolls, "Delia's Gone" and "God's Gonna Cut You Down" by Johnny Cash, and "Queenie Eye" by Paul McCartney.
Kate Moss : She has inspired cultural depictions including a £1.5m ($2.8m) 18 carat gold statue of her, sculpted in 2008 for a British Museum exhibition.
Kate Moss : In 2005, a painting of Moss by Freud sold for £3.93 million at Christie's.
Kate Moss : She has since dated German aristocrat and photographer Count Nikolai von Bismarck.
Kate Moss : Katherine Ann Moss (born 16 January 1974) is an English model and businesswoman.
Kate Moss : Moss has been featured in ad campaigns with Chanel, Balenciaga, Burberry, Stuart Weitzman, Versace, rag & bone, Alexander Wang, David Yurman, Givenchy, Roberto Cavalli, Kerastase, Isabel Marant, Yves Saint Laurent, Dior, Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Calvin Klein, Alexander McQueen, Equipment, Rimmel, and Bulgari.
Kate Moss : Moss was recruited as a model in 1988 at age 14 by Sarah Doukas, founder of Storm Management, at JFK Airport in New York, after a holiday in The Bahamas.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka has been taking ballroom dancing classes since the age of five.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka names Grace Kelly and Audrey Hepburn as fashion influences.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka has received praise for her performance on "Mad Men".
Kiernan Shipka : Her family relocated to Los Angeles, California when she was six to support her acting career.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka began doing commercial-print modeling when she was a baby.
Kiernan Shipka : If Shipka's upcoming "Mad Men" work—struggling with the broken marriage of her parents and entering preteendom in the tumultuous 1960s—remains as amazing as it was in season three, this is a ballot wish that could come true next year."
Kiernan Shipka : Initially a recurring guest star, Shipka was upgraded to a series regular with the start of season four.
Kiernan Shipka : As part of "Mad Men"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s ensemble cast, she won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2008 and 2009.
Kiernan Shipka : In naming her as his dream nominee for the "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series" Emmy Award, "Austin American-Statesman" critic Dale Roe remarked, "This 10-year-old actress was so affecting as troubled Sally Draper last season that it seems odd that she's only just been upgraded to series regular.
Kiernan Shipka : Shipka was born in Chicago, Illinois, to John Young Shipka, a real estate developer, and Erin Ann (née Brennan).
Kiernan Shipka : In January 2018, it was announced that Shipka would be starring as Sabrina Spellman in Netflix's "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina" series based on the comic series of the same name.
Jennifer Capriati : Jennifer Maria Capriati (born March 29, 1976) is an American former professional tennis player.
Jennifer Capriati : She was arrested on May 16, 1994, and charged with misdemeanor marijuana possession.
Jennifer Capriati : Capriati reached the semifinals of the French Open in her debut and later became the youngest ever player to reach the top 10 at age 14 years, 235 days in October of that year.
Jennifer Capriati : Capriati was the first Australian Open title-holder to lose in the first round.
Jennifer Capriati : 1, she won three singles championships in Grand Slam tournaments and was the gold medalist at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Jennifer Capriati : She made her professional debut in 1990 at the age of 13 years 11 months, reaching the final of the hard-court tournament in Boca Raton, Florida.
Jennifer Capriati : At Wimbledon, the 15-year-old Capriati stunned nine-time champion Martina Navratilova, defeating her in the quarterfinals in straight sets.
Marta Etura : She studied acting with Cristina Rota.
Marta Etura : She is known for "La vida que te espera" (2004), "Cell 211" (2009), "Sleep Tight" (2011), and "The Invisible Guardian" (2017).
Marta Etura : Marta Etura Palenzuela (born 28 October 1978) is a Spanish film and television actress.
Carla Gugino : So I feel like I lived two childhoods."
Carla Gugino : She eventually came to support herself, and with her parents' support, was legally emancipated by the time she was 16.
Carla Gugino : With my dad, I lived in a beautiful house with a swimming pool and a tennis court and went to Europe for the summers.
Carla Gugino : She has said of her upbringing, "I lived in a tepee in Northern California and a van in Big Sur.
Carla Gugino : Carla Gugino (; born August 29, 1971) is an American actress.
Carla Gugino : She worked as a teenage fashion model, and took acting classes at the suggestion of her aunt, former "Let's Make a Deal" spokesmodel Carol Merrill.
Carla Gugino : Her parents separated when she was two, after which she travelled between her father and half-brother Carl Jr.'s home in Sarasota, and her Paradise, California, home, to which her mother moved her when she was four.
Carla Gugino : Gugino was born in Sarasota, Florida, to Carl Gugino, an orthodontist of Italian descent, and a mother of English-Irish descent described as "Bohemian".
Carla Gugino : In film, Gugino appeared in the Shelley Long film "Troop Beverly Hills", and co-starred with Pauly Shore in the 1993 romantic comedy "Son in Law".
Carla Gugino : Gugino's feature film work includes starring roles in "Son in Law" (1993), " Sin City" (2005), "Night at the Museum" (2006), "Mr. Popper's Penguins" (2011), "San Andreas" (2015), and "The Space Between Us" and "Gerald's Game" (both 2017), as well as the voice role of Kelor in the DC Extended Universe.
Carla Gugino : Gugino has also had lead roles in the television series "Political Animals" (2012), "Wayward Pines" (2015), "Roadies" (2016), and "Jett" (2019).
Jamie Babbit : Jamie Merill Babbit (born November 16, 1970) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter.
Jamie Babbit : She directed the films "But I'm a Cheerleader", "The Quiet" and "Itty Bitty Titty Committee".
Ingrid Daubechies : She is best known for her work with wavelets in image compression.
Ingrid Daubechies : In 2012, King Albert II of Belgium granted Daubechies the title of Baroness.
Ingrid Daubechies : She was the first woman to be president of the International Mathematical Union (2011–2014).
Ingrid Daubechies : She is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Ingrid Daubechies : and the 2012 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the Basic Sciences category (jointly with David Mumford).
Ingrid Daubechies : In January 2011 she moved to Duke University to serve as a professor of mathematics.
Ingrid Daubechies : Ingrid Daubechies ( ; ; born 17 August 1954) is a Belgian physicist and mathematician.
Raina Kabaivanska : She is also a jury member for many prestigious competitions all over the world.
Raina Kabaivanska : She has a Master Class for performers of Puccini's works, as well as master classes in Spain, Italy and France.
Raina Kabaivanska : At present, Kabaivanska is a professor at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana, in Siena, Italy.
Raina Kabaivanska : Kabaivanska has recently added another role to her considerable repertoire: the Comtesse in Tchaikowsky's "Queen of Spades", in a series of five performances (31 January - 19 February 2008) at the Capitole de Toulouse.
Raina Kabaivanska : Two years later she made a breakthrough in Fano, Italy, as Nedda in Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci".
Raina Kabaivanska : The following year, she left for Italy for further studies with Zina Fumagalli-Riva in Milan and with Giulia Tess in Vercelli.
Raina Kabaivanska : In 1962, she made her debuts at both the Royal Opera House in London, as Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", and the Metropolitan Opera in New York, as Nedda.
Raina Kabaivanska : Raina Kabaivanska (; née Yakimova (); born 15 December 1934) is a Bulgarian opera singer, one of the leading lirico-spinto sopranos of her generation, particularly associated with Verdi and Puccini, although she sang a wide range of roles.
Raina Kabaivanska : In 1961, she gave her first performance at La Scala in Milan, as Agnese in Bellini's "Beatrice di Tenda", opposite Dame Joan Sutherland.
Raina Kabaivanska : She went on performing at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires, the Paris Opéra, the Vienna State Opera, the Budapest Opera, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the San Francisco Opera, the Dallas Opera, the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, etc.
Raina Kabaivanska : Kabaivanska delivered an emotional performance of the "Ave Maria" from the opera Otello by Giuseppe Verdi to open the funeral mass for Luciano Pavarotti in Modena, Italy on 8 September 2007.
Raina Kabaivanska : She sang widely in Italy, Genoa, Venice, Parma and notably in Turin in 1973, as Elena in "I vespri siciliani", in the only production ever directed by Maria Callas.
Raina Kabaivanska : Kabaivanska has received the following international opera awards: Bellini (1965), Viotti d'Oro (1970), Puccini (1978), Illica (1979), Monteverdi (1980), the Award of Accademia 'Medici' - Lorenzo il Magnifico, Florence (1990), the Grand Prix 'A Life, Dedicated to the Music', Venice (2000).
Raina Kabaivanska : Born in Burgas, Bulgaria, she studied in Sofia with Prokopova and Yosifov, and made her debut at the Bulgarian National Opera in Sofia as Tatjana in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" in 1957.
Laura Shigihara : She was so excited to be working on a video game that she told them she’d work for free.
Laura Shigihara : The company liked her work and paid her to create music for several subsequent projects.
Laura Shigihara : She was classically trained on the piano for 11 years, and taught herself guitar and drums.
Laura Shigihara : Shigihara, whose mother is French and father is Japanese, grew up in both the United States and Japan.
Laura Shigihara : On 16 November 2011, she released her single "Cube Land" in relation to "Minecraft" and "Plants vs. Zombies".
Laura Shigihara : During college, she was given an old version of Cakewalk which she used to start learning about mixing, arranging, and production by recreating old video game soundtracks and composing her own songs.
Laura Shigihara : She participated in Akira Yamaoka's charity album where she contributed an original song called "Jump", alongside other composers like Nobuo Uematsu and Yasunori Mitsuda.
Laura Shigihara : After a friend leaked her original material to record companies in Japan, Shigihara was offered record contracts as a singer there, but ended up turning them down for personal reasons.
Laura Shigihara : From there she built up her portfolio and has worked on over 30 published titles including "Plants vs. Zombies", "Deltarune", "World of Warcraft", "Minecraft", and the indie RPG "To the Moon".
Laura Shigihara : She also released a studio album and composed her first video game soundtrack for a small casual game called "Wobbly Bobbly".
Laura Shigihara : Laura Shigihara is an American-born Japanese singer-songwriter, video game developer, and composer for video games.
Adam Raga : Adam Raga (born 6 April 1982) in Ulldecona, province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Catalan Motorcycle trials racer.
Queen Latifah : She also works out with a trainer for kickboxing.
Queen Latifah : MTV Raps".
Queen Latifah : In early 2006, Latifah appeared in a romantic comedy/drama entitled "Last Holiday".
Queen Latifah : She also dedicated "Black Reign" to him.
Queen Latifah : In 1996, she was arrested and charged with possession of marijuana and possession of a loaded handgun.
Queen Latifah : The others are Will Smith (Best Actor, "Ali", 2001, and "The Pursuit of Happyness", 2006), Jennifer Hudson (Best Supporting Actress, "Dreamgirls", 2007), Jamie Foxx, (Best Actor, "Ray", and Best Supporting Actor "Collateral", both in 2004, also winning the first) and Mary J. Blige, (Best Supporting Actress, Mudbound.)
Queen Latifah : In 2003, she starred with Steve Martin in the film "Bringing Down the House", which was a major success at the box office.
Queen Latifah : Latifah performed new arrangements of standards including "California Dreaming", first made popular by 1960s icons the Mamas & the Papas.
Queen Latifah : That year, she appeared as Referee on the UK label Music of Life album "1989—The Hustlers Convention (live)".
Queen Latifah : Film critic Richard Roeper stated that "this is the Queen Latifah performance I've been waiting for ever since she broke into movies".
Queen Latifah : She also had her own talk show, "The Queen Latifah Show", from 1999 to 2001 and revamped in 2013.
Queen Latifah : Latifah is a celebrity spokesperson for CoverGirl cosmetics, Curvation ladies underwear, Pizza Hut, and Jenny Craig.
Queen Latifah : In her 1999 autobiography, "Ladies First: Revelations of a Strong Woman", Latifah discussed how her brother's death had led to a bout of depression and drug abuse, from which she later recovered.
Queen Latifah : Latifah's work in music, film and television has earned her a Grammy Award, an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, two NAACP Image Awards, an Academy Award nomination and sales of over two million records.
Queen Latifah : In 1995, Latifah was the victim of a carjacking, which also resulted in the shooting of her boyfriend, Sean Moon.
Queen Latifah : From 1993 to 1998, Latifah had a starring role on "Living Single", the FOX sitcom, which gained high ratings among black audiences; she also wrote and performed its theme music.
Queen Latifah : She represents her own line of cosmetics for women of color called the CoverGirl Queen Collection.
Queen Latifah : A 2006 interview revealed that Latifah still wears the key to the motorcycle around her neck, visible throughout her performance in her sitcom "Living Single".
Queen Latifah : Latifah is one of five hip-hop/R&B artists to receive an Academy Award nomination in an acting category.
Queen Latifah : Also in 2006, Latifah voiced Ellie, a friendly mammoth, in the animated film, "" (her first voice appearance in an animated film), and appeared in the drama "Stranger Than Fiction".
Queen Latifah : Dana Elaine Owens (born March 18, 1970), known professionally as Queen Latifah, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actress, and producer.
Queen Latifah : Although Latifah had previously received some critical acclaim, she gained mainstream success after being cast as Matron "Mama" Morton in "Chicago", a musical film that won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Queen Latifah : She began her film career in supporting roles in the 1991 and 1992 films "House Party 2", "Juice" and "Jungle Fever".
Queen Latifah : Latifah appeared in the 1996 box-office hit, "Set It Off", and had a supporting role in the Holly Hunter film "Living Out Loud" (1998).
Queen Latifah : In 2004, she released the soul/jazz standards "The Dana Owens Album".
Queen Latifah : She began beat boxing for the hip-hop group Ladies Fresh and was an original member of the Flavor Unit, which, at that time, was a crew of MCs grouped around producer DJ King Gemini, who made a demo recording of Queen Latifah's rap Princess of the Posse.
Queen Latifah : In front of a crowd of more than 12,400, she was backed by a 10-piece live orchestra and three backup vocalists, which was billed as the Queen Latifah Orchestra.
Queen Latifah : Latifah's older brother, Lancelot Jr., was killed in 1992 in an accident involving a motorcycle that Latifah had previously
Queen Latifah : She played the role of Thelma in the 1999 movie "The Bone Collector", alongside Denzel Washington and Angelina Jolie.
Queen Latifah : Since then, she has had both leading and supporting roles in a multitude of films that received varied critical and box office receptions, including films such as "Scary Movie 3", "", "Taxi", "Kung Faux", "Beauty Shop", and "Hairspray".
Queen Latifah : Freddy helped Latifah sign with Tommy Boy Records, which released Latifah's first album "All Hail the Queen" in 1989, when she was nineteen.
Queen Latifah : She has appeared in a number of films, such as "Bringing Down the House" (2003), "Taxi" (2004), "" (2005), "Beauty Shop" (2005), "Last Holiday" (2006), "Hairspray" (2007), "Joyful Noise" (2012), "22 Jump Street" (2014) and "Girls Trip" (2017).
Queen Latifah : "Nature of a Sista'" (1991) was her second and final album with Tommy Boy Records.
Queen Latifah : Later in 2007, Latifah released an album titled "Trav'lin' Light".
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Their marriage did not last long.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Her father was a largely unsuccessful businessman and organized crime associate.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Their daughter Sophie was born in 1981.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : However, she retained the surname Kominsky after their split.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Since moving to France, she has focused more on painting and less on producing comics.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Their relationship soon became serious, and they began living together.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Relocating to East Village during her college years, she began studying art at The Cooper Union.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Aline married Crumb in 1978.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : In February 2007 she released a memoir entitled "Need More Love: A Graphic Memoir", a collection of her comics and paintings, along with photographs and autobiographical writings.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : During this time, she attended University of Arizona, graduating with a BFA in 1971.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : In 1968, Aline married Carl Kominsky, with whom she relocated to Tucson, Arizona.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : As a teenager, she turned to drugs and the counterculture, and was a hanger-on to New York countercultural musicians such as The Fugs.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Rodriguez and Deitch introduced her to underground comix, inspiring her to begin making underground comics herself and to relocate to San Francisco.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Aline Goldsmith was born to a Jewish family in the Five Towns area of Long Island, New York.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Since the late 1970s, Aline and Robert have produced a series of collaborative comics called "Dirty Laundry" (also known as "Aline & Bob's Dirty Laundry"), a comic about the Crumb family life.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : She also fell in with the "Wimmen's Comix" collective, and contributed to the first few issues of that series.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Aline was introduced to underground cartoonists Spain Rodriguez and Kim Deitch by former Fugs drummer Ken Weaver, who was living in Tucson at the same time.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : In addition to her comics work, Kominsky-Crumb is a painter.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Aline Kominsky-Crumb (née Goldsmith; born August 1, 1948) is an American underground comics artist.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : In 2016, Comics Alliance listed Kominsky-Crumb as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Kominsky-Crumb was featured in a number of scenes in "Crumb", the 1994 documentary about the Crumb family.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : In 1972, soon after arriving in San Francisco, Aline was introduced to Robert Crumb by mutual friends, who had noted an uncanny resemblance between her and the coincidentally-named Crumb character Honeybunch Kaminski (who had been created in 1970).
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : Kominsky-Crumb later claimed that a large part of her break with the "Wimmen's Comix" group was over feminist issues and particularly over her relationship with Robert Crumb, whom Robbins particularly disliked.
Aline Kominsky-Crumb : For several years during the 1980s, Kominsky-Crumb was editor of "Weirdo", a leading alternative comics anthology of the time, taking over editorship from Peter Bagge, who previously taken over from original editor Robert Crumb.
Nawal El Moutawakel : El Moutawakel is a member of the International Olympic Committee, and she was the president of the evaluation commissions for the selection of the host city for the Summer Olympics of 2012 and 2016.
Nawal El Moutawakel : In 1995, El Moutawakel became a council member of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), and in 1998 she became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
Nawal El Moutawakel : King Hassan II of Morocco telephoned El Moutawakel to give his congratulations, and he declared that all girls born the day of her victory were to be named in her honor.
Juliette Lewis : When she was two years old, Lewis's parents divorced, and she spent her childhood living between both their homes in the Los Angeles area.
Juliette Lewis : In September 1999, Lewis married professional skateboarder Steve Berra.
Juliette Lewis : She also appeared in the HIM music video for "Buried Alive By Love" in 2003, and had a supporting part in the comedy "Old School".
Juliette Lewis : Juliette Lake Lewis was born June 21, 1973 in Los Angeles, California, to actor Geoffrey Lewis and his first wife, Glenis (Duggan) Batley, a graphic designer.
Juliette Lewis : In 2008, Lewis appeared in Rockstar Games' "Grand Theft Auto IV", providing the voice of "Juliette", the host of fictional radio station "Radio Broker".
Juliette Lewis : She went on to garner international notice for her role as a defiled teenage daughter in Martin Scorsese's remake of "Cape Fear" (1991), which saw Lewis nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, as well as the Golden Globe in the same category.
Olivia Munn : She has gone on to say that she disliked the experience, explaining, "I was trying to be something I wasn't, and that made me really uncomfortable on live TV."
Olivia Munn : When Munn was two years old, her parents divorced and her mother remarried to a member of the United States Air Force.
Olivia Munn : She played Sloan Sabbith on HBO's drama series "The Newsroom".
Olivia Munn : In 2004, Munn interned at Fox Sports Networks and worked as a sideline reporter for college football and women's basketball.
Olivia Munn : In a review for "Time Out New York", Olivia Giovetti said that the book offers glimpses into Munn's life, but does not go into depth.
Olivia Munn : Munn is a black belt in taekwondo.
Olivia Munn : She was voted #2 by readers on "Maxim"s list of their Hot 100 Women of 2012.
Olivia Munn : She appeared in rock band Zebrahead's music video for their song "Hello Tomorrow" as the love interest of the lead singer Justin Mauriello.
Olivia Munn : Munn appears on the cover of the January 2012 issue of "FHM" magazine.
Olivia Munn : in journalism with a minor in Japanese and dramatic arts.
Olivia Munn : Munn's book "Suck It, Wonder Woman: The Misadventures of a Hollywood Geek" () was released on July 6, 2010.
Olivia Munn : She is of German, Irish, English, Vietnamese and Chinese ancestry.
Olivia Munn : Although the family relocated many times, Munn was predominantly raised on Yokota Air Base near Tachikawa in Tokyo, Japan, where her stepfather was stationed.
Olivia Munn : Soon after she moved to Los Angeles, Munn was cast in a small role in the direct-to-video horror film "Scarecrow Gone Wild".
Olivia Munn : In November 2017, Munn accused film director Brett Ratner of repeatedly sexually harassing her over a period of several years.
Olivia Munn : Munn has appeared in advertising campaigns for Nike, Pepsi and Neutrogena.
Olivia Munn : She was featured as the cover girl for the July/August 2009 issue of "Playboy", and later on the cover of the January 2010 and February 2011 issues of "Maxim".
Olivia Munn : Lisa Olivia Munn was born July 3, 1980 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Olivia Munn : Her mother fled to Oklahoma as a Vietnamese refugee in 1975 after the Vietnam War.
Olivia Munn : In September 2007, she was featured in the Italian "Vanity Fair" for their "Hot Young Hollywood" Issue.
Olivia Munn : Munn was in a relationship with Aaron Rodgers from 2014 to 2017.
Olivia Munn : Munn also appeared in the July/August 2007 issue of "Men's Health".
Olivia Munn : Lisa Olivia Munn (born July 3, 1980) is an American actress.
Olivia Munn : Munn appeared in the Winter/Spring 2009 issue of "Men's Health Living".
Olivia Munn : Her mother and stepfather divorced when Munn was a teenager, and she moved back to Oklahoma with her mother, where she attended Putnam City North High School for her junior and senior years of high school.
Olivia Munn : In February 2007, she appeared as "Babe of the Month" in a non-nude pictorial in "Playboy" magazine.
Moyoco Anno : Though she primarily writes manga of the josei demographic, her most popular series, "Sugar Sugar Rune", (serialized in "Nakayoshi") is targeted at primary school-aged girls.
Virginie Efira : They filed for divorce in February 2009.
Virginie Efira : She became a French citizen in 2016.
Virginie Efira : In 2010, she participated in "Rendez-vous en terre inconnue".
Virginie Efira : She went on to present other programmes in Belgium, including "A la recherche de la nouvelle Star".
Virginie Efira : She was married to Patrick Ridremont from 2002 to 2005 when they separated.
Virginie Efira : The following year, she won the Audience Award at the 2nd Magritte Awards.
Virginie Efira : From 2013 to 2014, she was engaged to Mabrouk El Mechri, with whom she has a daughter, Ali, born 24 May 2013 in Paris.
Virginie Efira : In September 2002 she was offered the job of the presenter of Belgian's version of "Star Academy".
Virginie Efira : After casting to be a weather girl on France's M6 channel, she was soon pushed into the limelight as one of M6's main public faces, presenting shows such as "Le Grand Zap", "La saga des ...", "Follement Gay", "Absolument 80/90", "Le Grand Piège" and "Drôles d'équipes".
Virginie Efira : She was the host of "Classé Confidentiel" for one year, before replacing Benjamin Castaldi as the host of the popular musical reality show "Nouvelle Star" for the end of the show's fourth series.
Virginie Efira : She also presents various shows on RTL-TVi (a spin-off channel in the RTL Group).
Virginie Efira : Efira also guest-starred in two episodes of the highly successful French show "Kaamelott".
Virginie Efira : She is the daughter of Professor André Efira, hemato-oncologist, and Carine Verelst.
Virginie Efira : Virginie Efira (born 5 May 1977) is a Belgian-French actress and television presenter.
Virginie Efira : Efira's film career took off in 2004, appearing as Dr. Liz Wilson in the French-language version of "", as well as playing Piper in the French version of the 2005 film "Robots".
Candice Swanepoel : At age 15, she was spotted by a model scout in a Durban flea market.
Candice Swanepoel : In August 2015, the couple announced their engagement.
Candice Swanepoel : On 12 August 2010, Swanepoel officially opened the first Victoria's Secret retail store in Canada, at West Edmonton Mall, Edmonton.
Candice Swanepoel : The bra and its matching belt featured over 4,200 precious gems, including rubies, diamonds and yellow sapphires set in 18 carat gold with a 52-carat ruby at the center.
Candice Swanepoel : In 2018, she launched her own swimwear collection "Tropic of C".
Candice Swanepoel : In 2010, Swanepoel became a Victoria's Secret Angel.
Candice Swanepoel : Swanepoel is actively involved in mothers2mothers, a charity devoted to achieving an "HIV-free generation" of children and mothers in Africa.
Candice Swanepoel : 10 on "Forbes" "The World's Top-Earning Models" list, with estimated earnings of $3 million between 2010 and 2011.
Candice Swanepoel : Candice Susan Swanepoel (; ; born 20 October 1988) is a South African model and philanthropist.
Candice Swanepoel : The 10 million dollar bra, named the "Royal Fantasy Bra", was created by Mouawad.
Candice Swanepoel : Swanepoel was born to Willem Swanepoel and Eileen Swanepoel (née Green) and raised in Mooi River, South Africa, in an Afrikaner family of Dutch descent.
Pamela Anderson : I'm in love."
Pamela Anderson : Well my miracle came and went.
Pamela Anderson : He was sentenced to six months in the Los Angeles County Jail.
Pamela Anderson : She is only the second model to receive a star.
Pamela Anderson : "I feel like I'm finally free ...
Pamela Anderson : The divorce was finalized on April 29, 2015.
Pamela Anderson : NBC said that the footage was inappropriate for prime time.
Pamela Anderson : "Feels like I've been stuck in a time warp," said Anderson in her blog entry.
Pamela Anderson : "Not able to let go of MY family picture ... it's been sad and lonely and frustrating ...
Pamela Anderson : Anderson also has Russian ancestry on her mother's side.
Pamela Anderson : In February 2007, Anderson said that she often had sex with Lee since their divorce.
Pamela Anderson : And came back and back because he knew that I'd wake up one day and realize that I was waiting for nothing."
Pamela Anderson : In early 2004, Anderson returned to the spotlight.
Pamela Anderson : She became a vegetarian in her early teens when she saw her father cleaning an animal he had hunted.
Pamela Anderson : On August 14, 2005, Comedy Central created the "Roast of Pamela Anderson" to honor the sex symbol for the past decade.
Pamela Anderson : Frames of the video first appeared in "Penthouse" magazine in March 1998.
Pamela Anderson : Later, she posed naked for "Stuff" and "GQ" magazines.
Pamela Anderson : It was canceled on May 18, 2006, after two seasons, although some episodes were never aired.
Pamela Anderson : In 2001, Anderson released a letter in support of PETA's campaign against Kentucky Fried Chicken, stating "What KFC does to 750 million chickens each year is not civilized or acceptable."
Pamela Anderson : She appears as herself at a book signing at the end of the film, confronted by Borat in a staged botched abduction.
Pamela Anderson : After this, she began touring the United States, signing autographs for fans at Wal-Mart stores nationwide.
Pamela Anderson : "Playboy" subsequently chose her as Playmate of the Month in their February 1990 issue, in which she appeared in the centerfold photo.
Pamela Anderson : She has also campaigned against seal hunting in Canada.
Pamela Anderson : During this time, she was known professionally as Pamela Anderson Lee.
Pamela Anderson : The video was shown on huge screens during the event, while John played "The Bitch is Back".
Pamela Anderson : In 2003, Anderson stripped down for PETA's "I'd Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur" advertising campaign.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson is a vegan, an advocate for animal rights, and an active member of the animal protection organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), taking part in several campaigns for animal rights.
Pamela Anderson : On July 18, 2006, it was announced that she would marry Kid Rock on July 29, 2006, on a yacht near Saint-Tropez, France.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson sued the video distribution company, Internet Entertainment Group.
Pamela Anderson : In 1999, Anderson received the first Linda McCartney Memorial Award for animal rights protectors, in recognition of her campaign.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 2004, while retaining her Canadian citizenship.
Pamela Anderson : In October 2003, Anderson jokingly said on Howard Stern's radio show that she does not expect to live more than 10 or 15 years, but this was misconstrued and taken seriously by many websites and tabloids.
Pamela Anderson : In May 2004, she appeared naked on the cover of "Playboy" magazine.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson got some press coverage right after her birth as a "Centennial Baby", having been born on July 1, 1967, the 100th anniversary of Canada's official founding via the "Constitution Act, 1867".
Pamela Anderson : She later made a video about KFC's treatment of chickens.
Pamela Anderson : In May 2006, she petitioned individuals on the street for their opinion on the Canadian Seal Hunt.
Pamela Anderson : Pamela Denise Anderson (born July 1, 1967) is a Canadian-American actress, model and animal rights activist.
Pamela Anderson : Her second book, the sequel "Star Struck", released in 2005, is a thinly veiled look at her life with Tommy Lee and the trials of celebrity life.
Pamela Anderson : They have two sons together: Brandon Thomas (born June 5, 1996) and Dylan Jagger (born December 29, 1997).
Pamela Anderson : Her great-grandfather, Juho Hyytiäinen, was Finnish and partly of Romani descent, a native of Saarijärvi, and left the Grand Duchy of Finland (which was a part of the Russian Empire at the time) for Canada in 1908.
Pamela Anderson : In 1988, Anderson moved to Vancouver and worked as a fitness instructor.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson was born in Ladysmith, British Columbia, the daughter of Barry, a furnace repairman, and Carol Anderson, a waitress.
Pamela Anderson : In December 2005, NBC cut off a video of Anderson pole dancing on Elton John's "The Red Piano".
Pamela Anderson : In March 2002, Anderson publicly stated that she had contracted hepatitis C by sharing tattoo needles with Lee, and began writing a regular column for "Jane" magazine.
Pamela Anderson : A sex tape of Anderson and Tommy Lee on their honeymoon was stolen from their home in 1995 and made a huge stir on the Internet.
Pamela Anderson : Anderson became the celebrity spokesperson for the American Liver Foundation, and served as the Grand Marshal of the SOS motorcycle ride fundraiser.
Pamela Anderson : In January 2006, Anderson requested that the Governor of Kentucky remove a bust of Colonel Sanders, the founder of KFC, from display but her request was refused even when she offered her own bust in exchange.
Pamela Anderson : In April 2006, Anderson hosted Canada's Juno Awards, becoming the first non-singer and model to do so.
Pamela Anderson : In March 2006, Anderson asked to speak to Prime Minister Stephen Harper about the annual seal hunt but was refused.
Pamela Anderson : In March 2006, it was announced that Anderson would receive a star on Canada's Walk of Fame thanks to her many years as a model and actress.
Pamela Anderson : Another tape, which was made before the Tommy Lee tape, involving Anderson and musician Bret Michaels from Poison, was later announced, and an abridged version of less than 60 seconds appeared on the internet.
Pamela Anderson : In 1989, Anderson attended a BC Lions Canadian Football League game at the BC Place Stadium in Vancouver, where she was featured on the Jumbotron while wearing a Labatt's Beer T-shirt.
Pamela Anderson : In 2004, she released the book "Star", co-written by Eric Shaw Quinn, about a teenager trying to become famous.
Fiona Apple : It's a boring pain.
Fiona Apple : Her version was subsequently released as a digital single.
Fiona Apple : Subsequently, MP3s of the entire album went online.
Fiona Apple : Galifianakis previously appeared in the music video for Apple's "Not About Love".
Fiona Apple : In August 2005, the album was given an October release date.
Fiona Apple : Other singles from "Tidal" included "Shadowboxer", "Sleep to Dream", and "Never Is a Promise".
Fiona Apple : In 2004 and 2005, tracks were leaked on the Internet in MP3 format and played on U.S. and international radio.
Fiona Apple : In May 2006, Apple paid tribute to Elvis Costello on VH1's concert series "Decades Rock Live," by performing Costello's hit "I Want You".
Fiona Apple : Production had been largely redone "from scratch" by Elizondo and was co-produced by Brian Kehew.
Fiona Apple : The album received a positive reception from publications such as "The New York Times" and "Rolling Stone".
Fiona Apple : The album sold 2.7 million copies and was certified three times platinum in the U.S. "Criminal", the third single, became a hit and the song reached the Top 40 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Fiona Apple : It was eventually certified gold, though its singles ("Parting Gift", "O' Sailor", "Not About Love", and "Get Him Back") failed to enter any "Billboard" charts.
Fiona Apple : The videos for two follow-up singles, "Paper Bag" and "Limp" (directed by then-boyfriend Anderson), received very little play.
Fiona Apple : Apple toured the East Coast during August 2007, with Nickel Creek.
Fiona Apple : Apple went on a live tour to promote the album in late 2005.
Fiona Apple : The song was included on a compilation album released by the organization titled "Chickens in Love".
Fiona Apple : However, as of October 2007, it no longer has the longest album title, as Soulwax released "Most of the Remixes", a remix album whose title surpasses "When the Pawn"'s length by 100 characters.
Fiona Apple : Although a Web site distributing the album was quickly shut down, it soon reached P2P networks and was downloaded by fans.
Fiona Apple : "When I have something to say, I'll say it," she said, responding to these criticisms in an article in "Rolling Stone" in January 1998.
Fiona Apple : Fiona Apple McAfee-Maggart (born September 13, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist.
Fiona Apple : Schenker then passed the tape along to Sony Music executive Andy Slater.
Fiona Apple : It did not fare as well commercially as her debut, though it was an RIAA-certified platinum album and sold one million copies in the U.S.
Fiona Apple : Its full title is a poem Apple wrote after reading letters that appeared in "Spin" regarding an article that had cast her in a negative light in an earlier issue.
Fiona Apple : A fan-led campaign supported the album's official release.
Fiona Apple : She also collaborated with Cash on Cat Stevens's "Father and Son", which was included in his 2003 collection "Unearthed".
Fiona Apple : Apple collaborated with Margaret Cho on her album "Cho Dependent", which was released on August 24, 2010.
Fiona Apple : In 2009, Apple covered "Why Try to Change Me Now" and "I Walk A Little Faster" for "The Best Is Yet to Come – The Songs of Cy Coleman".
Fiona Apple : "When the Pawn," which was produced by Jon Brion, used more expressive lyrics, experimented more with drum loops, and incorporated both the Chamberlin and drummer Matt Chamberlain.
Fiona Apple : Her sister sings cabaret under the stage name Maude Maggart, and actor Garett Maggart is her half brother.
Fiona Apple : "When the Pawn" was cultivated during Apple's relationship with film director Paul Thomas Anderson.
Fiona Apple : In 2008, Apple recorded a duet titled "Still I" with Christophe Deluy.
Fiona Apple : Recording sessions began in 2002, at Ocean Way studios in Nashville, Tennessee, but later moved to the Paramour Mansion in Los Angeles.
Fiona Apple : Apple's second album, "When the Pawn...", was released in 1999.
Fiona Apple : Mike Elizondo, who had previously played bass on "Pawn", was brought back as co-producer to complete the tracks he had begun with Brion and Apple.
Fiona Apple : Fiona sang a cover of "(S)he's Funny That Way", composed by Neil Moret, lyrics by Richard Whiting, which is often associated with the singer Billie Holiday.
Fiona Apple : Apple was introduced to the music industry in 1994, when she gave a demo tape containing the songs "Never Is a Promise", "Not One of Those Times", and "He Takes a Taxi" to her friend who was the babysitter for music publicist Kathryn Schenker.
Fiona Apple : Apple recorded a cover of "Sally's Song" for the 2006 special edition release of the soundtrack for the Tim Burton film "The Nightmare Before Christmas".
Fiona Apple : "Spin" later reported the following: "Fans erroneously thought that Apple's record label, Epic, had rejected the first version of "Extraordinary Machine"... in reality, according to Elizondo, Apple was unhappy with the results, and it was her decision to redo the record, not her label's."
Fiona Apple : In June 2006, Apple appeared on the joke track "Come Over and Get It (Up in 'Dem Guts)" by comedian Zach Galifianakis.
Fiona Apple : In January 2010, Fiona Apple and Jon Brion performed together at "Love and Haiti, Too: A Music Benefit", a charity concert for the people hurt by the Haiti earthquake.
Fiona Apple : During this period, Apple also covered The Beatles' "Across the Universe" and Percy Mayfield's "Please Send Me Someone to Love" for the soundtrack of the film "Pleasantville".
Fiona Apple : In June 2010, Fiona released a song titled "So Sleepy", produced by Jon Brion and written by children involved with the non-profit organization 826LA.
Fiona Apple : Apple sang with Johnny Cash on a cover of Simon & Garfunkel's "Bridge over Troubled Water" that ended up on his album "" and was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Country Collaboration with Vocals".
Fiona Apple : Her maternal grandparents were dancer Millicent Green and big band vocalist Johnny McAfee.
Fiona Apple : Apple's third album, "Extraordinary Machine", was originally produced by Jon Brion.
Fiona Apple : The album's lead single, "Fast as You Can", reached the top twenty on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks chart and became Apple's first Top 40 hit in the UK.
Fiona Apple : In 1996, Apple's debut album, "Tidal", was released by Work Records and Columbia Records.
Fiona Apple : "Extraordinary Machine" debuted at number seven and was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Pop Vocal Album".
Fiona Apple : Despite suggestions that the album had caused a rift between Brion and Apple, they regularly perform together at Largo, a club in Los Angeles, including a joint appearance with Elizondo on bass just before the news broke of an official release.
Fiona Apple : "The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than the Driver of the Screw and Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do", Apple's fourth studio album, was released on June 19, 2012, in the United States.
Yuriko Koike : Koike supports economic liberalism, promotes administrative and budgetary reform, and insists on further advancement of the status of women in the working world.
Yuriko Koike : Koike was elected Governor of Tokyo on 31 July 2016, becoming the first woman in the post.
Yuriko Koike : Koike has also actively promoted Japanese pop culture, appearing in cosplay as Sally from "Sally the Witch" in 2015, and stating during her 2016 Tokyo gubernatorial campaign that she wanted to turn all of Tokyo into an "anime land".
Yuriko Koike : Nonetheless, several prominent LDP politicians continued to back Koike, while senior leaders such as Shinzo Abe refrained from making speeches in support of either candidate.
Yuriko Koike : Koike was elected to the House of Councillors in 1992 as a member of the Japan New Party.
Yuriko Koike : The LDP officially endorsed Hiroya Masuda, and its Tokyo chapter issued a notice that any members supporting Koike would be punished.
Yuriko Koike : In 1996, she was re-elected to the House of Representatives, this time representing the Hyogo 6th district for the New Frontier Party.
Lindsey Vonn : In June 2018, she began dating P.K.
Lindsey Vonn : After climbing through the ranks of the U.S.
Lindsey Vonn : Subban and in December 2019 she proposed to Subban.
Lindsey Vonn : They started dating in March 2013 before splitting in May 2015.
Lindsey Vonn : On August 23, 2019 Vonn and Subban announced their engagement.
Lindsey Vonn : Kildow, now still going by Vonn, met golfer Tiger Woods at a charity event in 2012.
Lindsey Vonn : The divorce was finalized on January 9, 2013.
Lindsey Vonn : Ski Team athlete Thomas Vonn on September 29, 2007, at the Silver Lake Lodge in Deer Valley, Utah.
Lindsey Vonn : 20 titles (4 overall, 8 downhill, 5 super-G, 3 combined)
Lindsey Vonn : Lindsey Caroline Vonn ( ; born October 18, 1984) is an American former World Cup alpine ski racer on the US Ski Team.
Anja Dittmer : She took part in all three Olympic Games with triathlon competitions, placing 15th (Sydney 2000), 11th (Athens 2004), and 33rd (Beijing 2008) respectively, and according to the ITU Olympic ranking she is again by far the best female German triathlete and will represent Germany at the London 2012 Olympics in August 2012.
Annie Ernaux : Her work combines historic and individual experiences.
Annie Ernaux : In the early 1970s, she taught at the Bonneville Lycée, at the College of Évire in Annecy-le-Vieux, then in Pontoise, before joining the National Center for Distance Learning (Centre national d'enseignement à distance - CNED).
Annie Ernaux : Annie Ernaux (born Duschesne, in Lillebonne, Seine-Maritime on 1 September 1940) is a French writer.
Annie Ernaux : Ernaux grew up in Yvetot in Normandy.
Annie Ernaux : Ernaux also wrote "L'écriture comme un couteau" (Writing as Sharp as a Knife) with Frédéric-Yves Jeannet.
Annie Ernaux : She charts her parents' social progression ("La place", "La honte"), her adolescence ("Ce qu'ils disent ou rien"), her marriage ("La femme gelée"), her passionate affair with an eastern European man ("Passion simple"), her abortion ("L'événement"), Alzheimer's disease ("Je ne suis pas sortie de ma nuit"), the death of her mother ("Une femme"), and breast cancer ("L'usage de la photo").
Annie Ernaux : In 1984, she won the Renaudot Prize for another of her autobiographical works "La Place" (A Man's Place), an autobiographical narrative focusing on her relationship with her father and her experiences growing up in a small town in France, and her subsequent process of moving into adulthood and away from her parents' place of origin.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : They have two children, Kārlis and Indra.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Then her family moved to Casablanca in French Morocco in 1949.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : There she received her first education in Latvian primary school at a displaced persons camp in Lübeck, Germany, where her baby sister died.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Her experimental research focused on memory processes and language, and the influence of drugs on cognitive processes.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : In September 2006, the three Baltic States officially announced her candidacy for the post of United Nations Secretary-General.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : In 1954 her family moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where she completed high school.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She is a founding member and current President of the Club of Madrid, founding member and Co-Chair the Nizami Ganjavi International Center, a member of the European Council on Foreign Relations, and honorary patron of several Foundations.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She is a member of the Latvian Academy of Sciences, a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and an associate member of the Royal Academy of Belgium.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : In April 2005, the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan named Vīķe-Freiberga as a member of his team of global political leaders helping to promote his comprehensive reform agenda.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She worked at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce as a teller and part-time as a supervisor in Branksome Hall Boarding School for Girls.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : The couple met at the Latvian Students Club in Toronto.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She also played a leading role in achieving Latvia's membership in NATO and the European Union.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Vaira Vīķe was born in Riga, Latvia.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga is married to Imants Freibergs, formerly a professor of computer sciences at the University of Quebec at Montreal.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She was elected President of Latvia in 1999 and re-elected for the second term in 2003.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga :  Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga became President of Latvia in 1999.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : In June 1998 she was elected Professor emerita at the University of Montreal and returned to her native land, Latvia, where on 19 October the Prime Minister named her Director of the newly founded Latvian Institute.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She left in 1961 to resume her education at the McGill University in Montreal while also lecturing part-time at Concordia University.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga (born 1 December 1937) is a Latvian politician who served as the sixth President of Latvia and the first female President of Latvia.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : Vaira Vīķe attended Victoria College of the University of Toronto, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts in 1958 and a Master of Arts in 1960, in psychology.
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : She earned her PhD in psychology from McGill University in 1965 with a dissertation supervised by Dr. Virginia Douglas, entitled "Concept Learning in Normal and Hyperactive Children."
Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga : From 1965 to 1998 Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga pursued a professorial career at the Department of Psychology of the French-speaking University of Montreal, where she taught psychopharmacology, psycholinguistics, scientific theories, experimental methods, language and cognitive processes.
Nikki Haley : After graduating from Clemson University, Randhawa worked for FCR Corporation, a waste management and recycling company, before joining her family's clothing business.
Nikki Haley : She graduated from Clemson University with a bachelor's degree in accounting.
Nikki Haley : Haley was confirmed to that post by the U.S. Senate in a 96 to 4 vote, and was sworn in on January 25, 2017.
Nikki Haley : In 2010, during her third term, she was elected governor of South Carolina; she won re-election in 2014.
Nikki Haley : On November 23, 2016, then President-elect Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate Haley for ambassador to the United Nations.
Nikki Haley : Her father, Ajit Singh Randhawa, and her mother, Raj Kaur Randhawa, immigrated to the United States from Amritsar District, Punjab, India.
Nikki Haley : Nimrata "Nikki" Haley (née Randhawa; born January 20, 1972) is an American diplomat, businesswoman, author, and politician.
Nina Hoss : Nina Hoss (born 7 July 1975) is a German stage and film actress.
Nina Hoss : Hoss acted in radio plays at the age of seven and appeared on stage for the first time at the age of 14.
Nina Hoss : In 1997, Hoss graduated from the Ernst Busch Academy of Dramatic Arts in Berlin.
Nina Hoss : In 2000 Hoss was one of the Shooting Stars at the Berlinale.
Nina Hoss : Her father, , was a German trade unionist and politician (member of the Bundestag in The Greens).
Nina Hoss : As a stage actress, Hoss was an ensemble member at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin from 1998 to 2013, where she appeared as Medea and as Franziska in "Minna von Barnhelm" (2005).
Nina Hoss : Her mother, , was an actress at Stuttgart National Theatre and later director of the Esslingen-based Württemberg State Playhouse (Württembergische Landesbühne Esslingen).
Nina Hoss : Her close collaboration with director Christian Petzold has been extremely successful: she won the 2003 Adolf Grimme Award for her role in his film "Something to Remind Me" and two years later the Adolf Grimme Award in Gold for "Wolfsburg".
Nina Hoss : Hoss has been a member of the juries of the Locarno International Film Festival in 2009, the Berlin International Film Festival in 2011, and the 73rd Venice International Film Festival in 2016..
Nina Hoss : Her first major success was the title role Rosemarie Nitribitt of Bernd Eichinger's "A Girl Called Rosemary" in 1996, a period drama (based on an actual scandal) set in the 1950s that looks back at the days of West Germany's postwar "Wirtschaftswunder" with, what a "New York Times" review calls a "curdling cynicism".
Nina Hoss : Another collaboration with Petzold, "Barbara", in which Hoss plays a doctor exiled to an East German provincial backwater in 1980, premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2011 and the Toronto International Film Festival in 2012.
Natalia Gutman : Natalia Grigoryevna Gutman () (born 14 November 1942 in Kazan), PAU, is a Russian cellist.
Natalia Gutman : A great supporter of chamber music and contemporary music, she founded the Musikfest Kreuth with her husband, Oleg Kagan, in 1990.
Natalia Gutman : She has recorded Shostakovich's Cello Concerto for RCA records and Dvořák's Cello Concerto with Wolfgang Sawallisch conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra for EMI records.
Xian Bangdi : Xian Bangdi (born August 11, 1976) is a Chinese sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s.
Yipsi Moreno : For the first time in her career, however, she went a whole season without improving her personal best.
Yipsi Moreno : She was declared 2008 Olympic Champion in 2016, after Belarusian Aksana Miankova was disqualified for using prohibited substances.
Yipsi Moreno : In 2002, she improved to 71.47 metres in Madrid in July.
Simone Young : Her contract was not renewed after 2003, with one given reason being the excessive expense of her programming ideas.
Simone Young : She has also recorded the complete cycle of Brahms' symphonies.
Simone Young : She received an Australia Council grant to study overseas, and was named Young Australian of the Year.
Simone Young : She was born in Sydney, of Irish ancestry on her father's side and Croatian ancestry on her mother's side.
Simone Young : Simone Margaret Young AM (born 2 March 1961) is an Australian conductor.
Simone Young : In 2006, she became Professor of Music and Theatre at the University of Hamburg.
Simone Young : Young was educated at the Monte Sant' Angelo Mercy College in North Sydney.
Simone Young : Critics of the magazine "Opernwelt" selected her in October 2006 as the "Dirigentin des Jahres" (Conductor of the Year).
Simone Young : Her discography includes all the symphonies of Anton Bruckner and the complete "Ring Cycle" of Richard Wagner; she was the first woman to have recorded either of these cycles.
Simone Young : In March 2016, Young was appointed a member of the board of the European Academy of Music Theatre.
Simone Young : In December 2012 she was voted "Limelight" magazine's Music Personality of the Year.
Simone Young : In 1986 she was the first woman and youngest person to be appointed a resident conductor with Opera Australia.
Simone Young : She conducted the Sydney Symphony Orchestra when they performed Elena Kats-Chernin's "Deep Sea Dreaming" at the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Sydney.
Simone Young : She studied composition, piano and conducting at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music.
Simone Young : In the major operatic anniversary year 2013, Young conducted the entire 'Bayreuth canon' of ten Wagner operas at a festival entitled 'Wagner-Wahn' in Hamburg, along with three rarely performed Giuseppe Verdi operas as a trilogy in September to November - "La battaglia di Legnano", "I due Foscari", "I Lombardi alla prima crociata".
Simone Young : In November 2005, she was the first female conductor to conduct the Vienna Philharmonic.
Simone Young : In December 2011, it was announced that Young would conclude her tenures with both the Hamburg State Opera and the Hamburg Philharmonic after the 2014/2015 season.
Simone Young : Commencing in 1983, Young worked at Opera Australia as a répétiteur under various conductors, including Charles Mackerras, Richard Bonynge, Carlo Felice Cillario and Stuart Challender.
Simone Young : In her early years, she was assistant to James Conlon at the Cologne Opera, and to Daniel Barenboim at the Berlin State Opera and the Bayreuth Festival.
Simone Young : In May 2003, she was named both chief executive of the Hamburg State Opera and chief conductor of the Philharmoniker Hamburg, posts which she assumed in 2005.
Simone Young : From 1998 until 2002, Young was principal conductor of the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra in Norway.
Simone Young : From 2001 to 2003, Young was chief conductor of Opera Australia in Sydney.
Simone Young : Young was the first female conductor at the Vienna State Opera in 1993.
Simone Young : Young made her first conducting appearance at the Hamburg State Opera in 1996.
Nancy Ajram : In 2007, Ajram released her first children's album, "Shakhbat Shakhabit", which was the most notable and successful work for children at the time.
Nancy Ajram : Nancy Ajram was born into a Lebanese Greek Orthodox Christian family on May 16, 1983, in Achrafieh, a district in Beirut, Lebanon.
Helena Noguerra : Her songs have been used in commercials and television programmes such as "Lunettes noires pour nuits blanches" by Thierry Ardisson (1988–1990).
Helena Noguerra : She sang on the 2009 video game "Bayonetta", including both the game's main theme "Mysterious Destiny" and a cover of "Fly Me to the Moon".
Julianne Nicholson : Julianne Nicholson (born July 1, 1971) is an American actress.
Julianne Nicholson : Nicholson said her favorite "Criminal Intent" episode was "", which she described as "really different from a lot of the ones we've done before and very exciting and current."
Julianne Nicholson : While in New York, Nicholson supported herself by waitressing and eventually left school to study acting and begin her professional career.
Julianne Nicholson : After graduating from Arlington Catholic High School, she modeled in New York for six months, quit for a year, then resumed her modeling career in Paris for another six months.
Sheila Sri Prakash : She is known for her contributions as an active member of Zonta International, which is an organisation that aims to enhance the status of women around the world.
Sheila Sri Prakash : Sheila Sri Prakash (6 July 1955, Bhopal, India) is an architect and urban designer of Indian origin.
Sheila Sri Prakash : Her family moved to Chennai to give her greater opportunities in the classical arts and to be trained in Bharatanatyam by Sri Dandayudha Pani Pillai.
Barbara Bosson : Barbara Bosson (born November 1, 1939) is a retired American actress.
Barbara Bosson : Her first feature film was the crime thriller "Bullitt" (1968).
Barbara Bosson : Some of Bosson's film appearances include her well-known role as Alex Rogan's mother in the science fiction film "The Last Starfighter" (1984).
Barbara Bosson : Bosson has made guest appearances on many series, ranging from "Mannix", "Crazy Like a Fox", "L.A. Law", "Civil Wars", "" (in episode "" as Roana) and "".
Hayley Kiyoko : Hayley Kiyoko Alcroft (born April 3, 1991) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
Hayley Kiyoko : The group supported Justin Bieber's My World Tour, before disbanding in 2011.
Hayley Kiyoko : After this, Kiyoko has issued three solo extended plays: "A Belle to Remember" (2013), "This Side of Paradise" (2015, which includes the single "Girls Like Girls"), and "Citrine" (2016).
Jodi Picoult : She has described her family as "non-practicing Jewish".
Jodi Picoult : Picoult has been married to Timothy Warren Van Leer, whom she met in college, since 1989.
Jodi Picoult : Currently approximately 14 million copies of her books are in print worldwide, translated into 34 languages.
Jodi Picoult : She published two short stories in "Seventeen" magazine while still in college.
Jodi Picoult : Immediately after graduation, she began a variety of jobs, ranging from editing textbooks to teaching eighth-grade English.
Jodi Picoult : They and their three children, Samantha Van Leer, Kyle Ferreira Van Leer, and Jake Van Leer, live in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Jodi Picoult : "Nineteen Minutes", Picoult's novel about the aftermath of a school shooting in a small town, was her first book to debut at number 1 on the "New York Times" best-seller list.
Jodi Picoult : Picoult wrote her first story at age five, entitled "The Lobster Which Misunderstood".
Jodi Picoult : She was awarded the New England Bookseller Award for fiction in 2003.
Jodi Picoult : She earned a master's degree in education from Harvard University.
Jodi Picoult : Picoult was born in Nesconset, New York, on Long Island and has one younger brother.
Jodi Picoult : Jodi Lynn Picoult (; born May 19, 1966) is an American writer.
Jodi Picoult : She studied creative writing at Princeton University with Mary Morris, and graduated in 1987.
Claudia Schiffer : Guess?
Claudia Schiffer : He believed that the Pope had told him to marry Schiffer.
Claudia Schiffer : From her appearances in a 1998 Citroën advertisement she allegedly earned £3 million.
Claudia Schiffer : In 2002, "Forbes" estimated her net worth to be around US$55 million.
Claudia Schiffer : She made a cameo appearance in the music video for Bon Jovi's "Say It Isn't So" in 2000, and appeared in the music video for "Comic Relief"'s 2001 charity single, Westlife's "Uptown Girl".
Claudia Schiffer : She has two brothers, Stefan and Andreas, and one sister, Ann Carolin (born 1975).
Claudia Schiffer : After several other magazine appearances including the cover of British "Vogue", shot by Herb Ritts, Schiffer was selected by Karl Lagerfeld to become the new face of Chanel.
Claudia Schiffer : She also appeared alongside Copperfield in "David Copperfield: 15 Years of Magic", a 1994 documentary in which she played the role of a reporter interviewing him, and at the end of which they reprised their performance of the flying illusion.
Claudia Schiffer : Along with fellow models Christy Turlington, Naomi Campbell, and Elle Macpherson, Schiffer was joint owner of a chain of restaurants called the Fashion Café in 1995.
Claudia Schiffer : Schiffer has walked in fashion shows for numerous fashion houses, including Versace, Karl Lagerfeld, Chloé, Yves Saint Laurent, Christian Dior, Fendi, Michael Kors, Dolce & Gabbana, Ralph Lauren, Balmain, Louis Vuitton, Chanel and Valentino.
Claudia Schiffer : Schiffer and Vaughn have three children: son Caspar Matthew (born 30 January 2003) and daughters Clementine Poppy (born 11 November 2004) and Cosima Violet (born 14 May 2010).
Claudia Schiffer : In October 1987, at age 17, she “was spotted” in a nightclub in Düsseldorf by Michel Levaton, the head of Metropolitan Model Agency, and was signed to the agency as a model.. After leaving high school, Schiffer flew to Paris for a trial photo shoot, and subsequently appeared on the cover of "Elle".
Claudia Schiffer : On 25 May 2002, she married film director Matthew Vaughn in Suffolk, England.
Claudia Schiffer : Other magazines Schiffer has appeared on the covers of include "Vanity Fair", "Rolling Stone", "People", "Harper's Bazaar", "Elle", "Cosmopolitan" and "Time".
Claudia Schiffer : Schiffer has appeared on several talk shows such as "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "Larry King Live", "Late Show with David Letterman", "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Jonathan Ross Show", and sitcoms "Dharma & Greg" and "Arrested Development".
Claudia Schiffer : Films in which Schiffer has made cameo appearances include Ben Stiller's "Zoolander" (2001).
Claudia Schiffer : She then starred opposite Dennis Hopper and Matthew Modine in "The Blackout" (1997).
Claudia Schiffer : Claudia Maria Schiffer (; born 25 August 1970) is a German supermodel, actress, fashion designer, and executive producer, based in the United Kingdom.
Tanya Tate : Tanya Tate (born 31 March 1979) is an English glamour model, writer, international cosplayer, and pornographic actress.
Tanya Tate : After beginning her porn career in 2009, Tate began contributing to a regular column for British adult magazine "Ravers DVD" in 2010.
Tanya Tate : Later that same year Tate made headlines in Ireland, after it was discovered that one of the amateur men who participated in the filming of her Television X series "Tanya Tate’s Sex Tour of Ireland", was Gaelic Athletic Association player Greg Jacobs.
Nicole Scherzinger : But that's just one of my alter egos.
Nicole Scherzinger : They separated for the final time in February 2015.
Nicole Scherzinger : It's focus, performance, vocals...".
Nicole Scherzinger : Her last one never came out because it wasn't consistent.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her new record – it's the real her."
Nicole Scherzinger : She commented, "...people don't even know the story.
Nicole Scherzinger : She took her stepfather's surname after he adopted her.
Nicole Scherzinger : She explained: "Whoever I could inspire, I wanted to inspire them.
Nicole Scherzinger : The song was entitled "Jai Ho!
Nicole Scherzinger : There’s a big difference when you see someone who still has class and is empowering."
Nicole Scherzinger : It's about the messages of empowerment and loving yourself for who you are."
Nicole Scherzinger : But I love [Turner's] attitude and sass.
Nicole Scherzinger : Probably the biggest influence they've had on me is making me want to be a better writer."
Nicole Scherzinger : I've got the vulnerable, lovesick side of me amongst others which all appear on my record."
Nicole Scherzinger : Their collaboration helped the retailer increase profit by 70%.
Nicole Scherzinger : Their on and off relationship of seven years was a tabloid fixture in the British press.
Nicole Scherzinger : I was in the center because I was singing.
Nicole Scherzinger : The Pussycat Dolls are neither – they're a brand, not a band.
Nicole Scherzinger : I was the one singing."
Nicole Scherzinger : She said she likes to record "empowering" ballads.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her performance was interrupted by a citywide blackout, and she was forced to leave.
Nicole Scherzinger : She returned for the second season before being replaced by Sara Bareilles.
Nicole Scherzinger : She said that she wanted her debut album to be "in your face and strong".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's parents separated when she was still a baby.
Nicole Scherzinger : She admits it is "frustrating" to read about the media's portrayal of her as "a man-eater".
Nicole Scherzinger : Initially hesitant at the idea of joining a group, she then opted otherwise as she saw it as an opportunity to travel to Los Angeles.
Nicole Scherzinger : I worked with my acting coach a lot and she told me about lots of crazy things to think about while I was in character, but I better not tell you what she said."
Nicole Scherzinger : She is considered a sex symbol through her music videos.
Nicole Scherzinger : She also wished to work with the Black Eyed Peas saying she admired their music.
Nicole Scherzinger : She also did a brief detour into acting which includes a cameo in the independent comedy "Love Don't Cost a Thing".
Nicole Scherzinger : She believes in acceptance and recalls receiving knock backs and the message of her music releases show how she dealt with them.
Nicole Scherzinger : She has been hailed as one of the sexiest artists.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has been linked to a number of different men, but insists none of the rumors are true.
Nicole Scherzinger : She co-wrote the majority of her first studio album, "Killer Love".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger also wore the first Twitter dress at the EE launch party.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has received many accolades throughout her career.
Nicole Scherzinger : With only two studio albums, the band became the best-selling girl group of the past decade, digital era, and fourth of all time.
Nicole Scherzinger : She told MTV (about her unreleased debut album "Her Name is Nicole") "I've always said that in the Pussycat Dolls, I kind of feel like Superwoman.
Nicole Scherzinger : All sales benefit the NYU Cancer Institute and NYU Langone Medical Center.
Nicole Scherzinger : She later received further backlash and death threats after sending the result to deadlock in the quarter-final which resulted in Rachel Crow's elimination.
Nicole Scherzinger : I steal from her all the time, especially being the lead singer of this group, the Pussycat Dolls, to be fearless and just have that attitude and that soul behind you."
Nicole Scherzinger : The following month, she announced she signed a multi-album deal with RCA Records.
Nicole Scherzinger : In collaboration with online fashion retailer Missguided, she designed a 30-piece range which was released in March 2014.
Nicole Scherzinger : Michael Jackson was one of Scherzinger's biggest influences and idols.
Nicole Scherzinger : One of the songs written by Scherzinger, "I Don't Need a Man", was dedicated to all of her gay fans.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her debut studio album, "Killer Love", was released on March 21, 2011 in the United Kingdom.
Nicole Scherzinger : They went on to tour with 'N Sync and Jessica Simpson, but, by the end of the year, their label went bankrupt and the group disbanded.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger is also very vocal when it comes to bullying.
Nicole Scherzinger : She has received co-writing credits for multiple songs she recorded.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger later admitted she cried when she saw the first and "revealing" outfit she would have to wear as a member of the band, as she was dealing with body image issues at the time.
Nicole Scherzinger : She said, "I listened to my heavier music and I listened to Led Zeppelin and I kind of got in that frame of mind because music is what inspires me most.
Nicole Scherzinger : Following the 2010 Haiti earthquake, along with various other artists, she was featured on the charity single "We Are the World 25 for Haiti", and participated in George Clooney's and Wyclef Jean's telethon which benefited people affected by the tragedy.
Nicole Scherzinger : Both songs were originally recorded for Scherzinger's solo effort.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has also received co-writing credits for some of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo efforts.
Nicole Scherzinger : She has also been involved in the vocal arrangement and vocal production of a few songs she's written.
Nicole Scherzinger : When Scherzinger was older, Mariah Carey became a huge influence to her.
Nicole Scherzinger : The latter one was remixed featuring 50 Cent and released as the lead single for the US version of "Killer Love"; however the release was never materialized.
Nicole Scherzinger : Meeks claims that after touring, the two grew apart creatively and that despite being an "amazing entertainer", she "just didn't seem to understand music very well … she's just not much of a musician, nor [does she] understand music."
Nicole Scherzinger : She later performed "Brave" with the SU2C choir for Stand Up 2 Cancer to raise money for cancer research on October 17, 2014.
Nicole Scherzinger : Prince also became a big influence when she was in her teens.
Nicole Scherzinger : The outfits she wore as a Pussycat Doll and sexual dance moves they performed has continued ever since she embarked on her solo career.
Nicole Scherzinger : After the tour concluded in August 2009, the group announced a hiatus to further pursue solo careers.
Nicole Scherzinger : Meanwhile, "Killer Love" was re-released with four additional songs, including the fifth and final single, "Try with Me".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger said: "I think I am able to handle myself in a good manner and hopefully I'm a positive role model for other girls out there."
Nicole Scherzinger : Her early songs were female-empowerment themed compositions like "I Don't Need a Man" and "Hush Hush" and transitioned to more mature "break-up" anthems such as "Don't Hold Your Breath".
Nicole Scherzinger : In 2007, she was inducted to DuPont Manual Alumni's Hall of Fame as one of the youngest inductees.
Nicole Scherzinger : In July she performed the American national anthem at the A Capitol Fourth concert in Washington, D.C. and during the opening of the 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger is also a fan of Adele.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger said that the role has inspired her to record differently on her second studio album.
Nicole Scherzinger : [...] 2005's multi-platinum "PCD" finds lead Doll Nicole Scherzinger in the spotlight, and she's no Beyoncé."
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger is also a vocal supporter of gay rights and became a gay icon.
Nicole Scherzinger : Watson said, "there are two kinds of girl groups: those anchored by a superstar (the Supremes, Destiny's Child), and those made up of charismatic personalities endowed with limited individual gifts (Spice Girls, TLC).
Nicole Scherzinger : Critics generally favor Scherzinger's intricate choreography.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's popularity within the gay community increased due to her work with the Pussycat Dolls.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her work as lead singer furthered Scherzinger's popularity as she continued to work on her own music.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger names Whitney Houston as her major musical influence stating, "I always wanted to be Whitney Houston growing up."
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger was engaged to Nick Hexum, lead singer of 311, whom she dated from 2000 to 2004.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has claimed that she was responsible for both lead and backing vocals on the group's songs, with hardly anything sung by the other members.
Nicole Scherzinger : "Best Time Ever with Neil Patrick Harris", a live variety show premiered on September 15, 2015 on NBC with Scherzinger as co-host; the show was cancelled after one season due to low ratings.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has developed an image as a sex symbol and "one of the hottest women on the planet."
Nicole Scherzinger : (You Are My Destiny)" crediting A. R. Rahman and the Pussycat Dolls while Scherzinger was credited as a featured artist causing dissatisfaction within the group.
Nicole Scherzinger : She mentored the Over 30s; her final act, Josh Krajcik, was named the runner-up of the season.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger said that she wanted to create songs which "lend themselves to live performances".
Nicole Scherzinger : Since 2014 Scherzinger is an UNICEF UK supporter and has traveled to Guyana, Manila, Philippines, and Kenya, where she visited the organization's supported centers benefiting children in poverty.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her father, Alfonso Valiente, is of Filipino descent, while her mother, Rosemary Elikolani, has Native Hawaiian and Ukrainian ancestry.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album spawned other number-one hits, "Stickwitu" and "Buttons", the latter of which was nominated for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards.
Nicole Scherzinger : American recording artist Lady Gaga has been influenced by Scherzinger's role in the Pussycat Dolls saying, "There's something that's very humbling about being able to work with a powerhouse group like that.
Nicole Scherzinger : In April 2010, she teamed up with clothing store C&A to launch her own collection of lingerie, shoes, handbags and jewellery at their stores in Brazil.
Nicole Scherzinger : The following year, the group embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Doll Domination Tour which began on January 18, 2009.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger said a lot of her first studio album was about her split with Lewis Hamilton before they reunited.
Nicole Scherzinger : On June 30, 2015, Scherzinger was crowned as the winner of the variety show "I Can Do That" where six celebrities compete with each other by performing skills that they never knew they had.
Nicole Scherzinger : While on stage Scherzinger borrows personas of Tina Turner and Mick Jagger; "the way he prances around stage and the poise he has on stage.
Nicole Scherzinger : After earning her own scholarship, she furthered her studies at Wright State University majoring in theater arts with a dance minor.
Nicole Scherzinger : She credits Beyoncé as a key inspiration to "wear costumes that aren't much but they are real artists and they put real artistry into what they do and that is how I pride myself."
Nicole Scherzinger : Described as being "provocative" when performing on stage, Scherzinger states that her stage persona "comes from a strong place, not a weak place, and there’s a big difference.
Nicole Scherzinger : Although the movie received negative reviews from critics, Scherzinger's performance received praise.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's songs are written from personal experiences, as she said they are "personal and heartfelt" tracks.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's earlier songs have been described as "sexual innuendo" and "funky electronica" which are also backed by "electro beats".
Nicole Scherzinger : In March 2013, she was announced as an ambassador for British Airways promoting first class routes to Moscow.
Nicole Scherzinger : She voiced Sina in the animated feature "Moana," which was released in November 2016 through Walt Disney Pictures.
Nicole Scherzinger : Simon Cowell praised Scherzinger's performance ability, respectively calling her "one of the best live performers I've ever seen" and "if you want an example of how you do it right... its Nicole.
Nicole Scherzinger : In October 2010 she portrayed Trixie at the 35th anniversary concert of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" which raised money for the Painted Turtle, a Hole in the Wall Foundation camp for kids with serious medical conditions.
Nicole Scherzinger : When she was six years old, her maternal family moved to Louisville, Kentucky, with her sister, Keala, and her German American stepfather, Gary Scherzinger.
Nicole Scherzinger : Margeaux Watson of "Entertainment Weekly" took a major swipe at Scherzinger for her role as lead singer.
Nicole Scherzinger : In 2013, Fuse included Scherzinger on the list of 50 Girls Who Run the World, and the Top 100 Pop Breakthroughs.
Nicole Scherzinger : Their debut studio album, "Popstars" (2001), debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
Nicole Scherzinger : From 2012 to 2014, Scherzinger was the ambassador for "Herbal Essences".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's television and music video impact has also been acknowledged in pop culture where she is known for her music videos, which often incorporate raunchy outfits and dance breaks.
Nicole Scherzinger : Since 2006 has been featured on "FHM"s "100 Sexiest Women" list peaking at number nine in 2011 and 2014.
Nicole Scherzinger : In January 2014, Scherzinger signed with Sony Music Entertainment for a reported $4.5 million record deal.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger commenced a high-profile relationship with future Formula 1 World Champion Lewis Hamilton after they met at the 2007 MTV Europe Music Awards in Munich.
Nicole Scherzinger : Throughout her career, she has sold over 16 million records as an artist, and more than 54 million records with The Pussycat Dolls.
Nicole Scherzinger : Meanwhile, following the departure of the four members, Scherzinger announced that she departed the Pussycat Dolls to focus on her solo career.
Nicole Scherzinger : Two of her acts, James Arthur and Jahméne Douglas, reached the last stage of the final, with Arthur winning the series.
Nicole Scherzinger : Four singles were released from the project—"Whatever U Like" featuring T.I., "Baby Love" featuring will.i.am, "Supervillain", and "Puakenikeni"—however, all failed to make any significant impact on the "Billboard" charts, although "Baby Love" was a moderate success in international territories.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her music is generally R&B, and dance-pop in some of her songs, especially on her album "Killer Love".
Nicole Scherzinger : When she gained the role on "Men in Black 3", Scherzinger said that music was a very big part of her inspiration for the character, which she plays for the film.
Nicole Scherzinger : In April 2013, she was awarded with the "Outstanding Achievement in Music Award" at the Asian Awards for "inspiring achievements in the fields of business, sport, entertainment, philanthropy and popular arts and culture".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger has been given several pop culture titles, including, "Pop Princess" and the "Hawaiian Pop Goddess" becoming an international pop culture icon following her debut.
Nicole Scherzinger : She was set to reprise Grizabella in the Broadway revival of "Cats" but a week before rehearsals she quit after producers refused to give her top billing.
Nicole Scherzinger : With the aim to chronicle the group's formation until the recording of their debut album, Warner Bros. imprint London-Sire Records signed the group to a recording contract before the band was named and had finalized its membership, due to the hours of network television exposure the group would receive.
Nicole Scherzinger : Since beginning her career with the group in 2003, Scherzinger has sold 54 million records worldwide, and another 16 million as a solo artist.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger along with numerous other artists were featured on the single "Love Song to the Earth", which was released in September 2015 ahead of the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, as part of the global campaign to raise awareness on climate change.
Nicole Scherzinger : In December 2011, Scherzinger began endorsing the "imPress Nails" manicure line and has her own signature series.
Nicole Scherzinger : In February 2006, Scherzinger signed a global publishing agreement with Universal Music Publishing Group, which would cover her future songwriting.
Nicole Scherzinger : In April 2013, it was announced that Scherzinger will be the face of Müller Corner, a range of luxury yogurts and front TV and print campaigns.
Nicole Scherzinger : While on tour, Scherzinger was asked to re-write pop version of "Jai Ho" from the film "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008).
Nicole Scherzinger : Nicole Scherzinger (; born Nicole Prescovia Elikolani Valiente; June 29, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and television personality.
Nicole Scherzinger : During this period, Scherzinger garnered the lead roles in regional productions of the musicals "Chicago", "Guys and Dolls" and "Show Boat".
Nicole Scherzinger : On April 5, 2009, Scherzinger performed "America the Beautiful" at Wrestlemania XXV, at the Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas.
Nicole Scherzinger : In August 2003, opting for a solo recording contract, Scherzinger travelled to Arista Records office in New York with a demo CD, under her Hawaiian family name, Nicole Kea, of her own written material.
Nicole Scherzinger : Two years later, after her mother's suggestion, Scherzinger quit the band in order to audition on the WB's television show "Popstars".
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger appeared as Boris' girlfriend in the science fiction action film "Men in Black 3", which was released in May 2012.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger performed "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" live at the "Andrew Lloyd Webber: 40 Musical Years" tribute show.
Nicole Scherzinger : The song reached number one in 17 countries; in the US, it peaked at number fifteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100, after charging eighty-five places consequently making the largest weekly leap from number 100.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger endorsed Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign; she appeared in the music video for rapper will.i.am's song, "Yes We Can" (2008), which was inspired by Obama's speech after the 2008 New Hampshire primary.
Nicole Scherzinger : Her performance in the musical received praise from critics, Charles McNulty of the "Los Angeles Times" stated that "Scherzinger's powerhouse voice was meant for venues like the Bowl."
Nicole Scherzinger : Her other ventures include clothing lines, a fragrance and service as an ambassador for the Special Olympics and supporter of UNICEF UK.
Nicole Scherzinger : In December 2002, Scherzinger worked with Yoshiki of Japanese heavy metal band X Japan on his Violet UK project.
Nicole Scherzinger : Described as the "driving force" behind The Pussycat Dolls, Scherzinger is credited for the result of the group's international success in the music industry, during a time when girl groups were grossly underrepresented.
Nicole Scherzinger : In August 2010, RedOne revealed that he was working on Scherzinger's debut album, stating: "I just finished her album.
Nicole Scherzinger : Meanwhile, Robin Antin, the creator of the burlesque troupe, the Pussycat Dolls, struck a joint venture with Interscope Records and along with record producers Jimmy Iovine and Ron Fair, launched an open audition for a separate recording group.
Nicole Scherzinger : Inspired by her aunt who has Down syndrome, she became a global ambassador for the Special Olympics and recorded "O Holy Night" for "A Very Special Christmas" (2013) with all proceeds benefiting the organization.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album's second single, "Don't Hold Your Breath" became Scherzinger's first number-one single as a solo artist in the UK Singles Chart and singles, "Poison" and "Right There" both reached number three.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album was preceded by "Don't Cha" which became their international breakthrough, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album included singles "When I Grow Up" and "I Hate This Part" which peaked at number nine and eleven on the "Billboard" Hot 100, respectively.
Nicole Scherzinger : In September 2016, Scherzinger along with numerous other artists were featured on the remake of the Black Eyed Peas song "Where Is the Love?"
Nicole Scherzinger : As the lead singer, Scherzinger assumed the majority of the vocals and is the only member of the group to have songwriting credits on their debut album, "PCD" which was released in September 2005.
Nicole Scherzinger : In September 2014, Scherzinger joined "Proactiv+" as the new celebrity ambassador for the skin care company.
Nicole Scherzinger : In 1999, Scherzinger was hired by Days of the New band leader Travis Meeks to contribute vocals on their self-titled second studio album and later dropped out of college to tour through the US in support of the album.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album experienced moderate success in certain territories; on the UK Albums Chart the album debuted and peaked at number eight and by November it sold 140,000 copies.
Nicole Scherzinger : In May 2010, Scherzinger and her dance partner Derek Hough won the tenth season of "Dancing with the Stars".
Nicole Scherzinger : Following the group's breakup in 2010, Scherzinger successfully ventured into television winning the tenth season of "Dancing with the Stars" and becoming a judge on "The Sing-Off" and on both US and UK versions of "The X Factor".
Nicole Scherzinger : In February 2013, Scherzinger was honored by the Harvard Foundation as "2013 Artist of the Year" for her contributions in performing arts, support for breast cancer research and initiatives for adults and children with special needs.
Nicole Scherzinger : Their debut single, "Get Over Yourself", was released in March 2001 and debuted at number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became the first female act to debut at number one on the Hot 100 Singles Sales chart.
Nicole Scherzinger : In December 2011, as part of the 25th anniversary of "The Phantom of the Opera", Scherzinger performed the song of the same name at the Royal Variety Performance.
Nicole Scherzinger : Originally hired to co-host along with Steve Jones the first season of "The X Factor" US, Scherzinger would later replace Cheryl Cole on the judging panel.
Nicole Scherzinger : The following month, the music panel show hosted by Ricky Wilson, "Bring the Noise" premiered on Sky 1 with Scherzinger and Tinie Tempah joining him as team captains.
Nicole Scherzinger : As she grew older she also listened to artists such as Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday, Roberta Flack, Sade, Alanis Morissette, and Tina Turner.
Nicole Scherzinger : For her audition she sang Whitney Houston’s version of Dolly Parton's song "I Will Always Love You" and alongside Ana Maria Lombo, Maile Misajon, Ivette Sosa, and Rosanna Tavarez, established the girl group Eden's Crush.
Nicole Scherzinger : In December 2009, Scherzinger was announced as the third judge joining Ben Folds and Boyz II Men band member Shawn Stockman on the first season of "The Sing-Off".
Nicole Scherzinger : After a number of push backs, Scherzinger decided not to release any further singles from the album and at her request, "Her Name Is Nicole" was eventually shelved and shifted back her focus on the Doll's second album.
Nicole Scherzinger : Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, she initially performed in high school at Clark AB plays and studied at Wright State University before dropping out to pursue a musical career touring alongside American rock band Days of the New and through "Popstars", became part of the short-lived girl group Eden's Crush.
Nicole Scherzinger : After a 3-year break from "The X Factor", Scherzinger returned as a judge for the thirteenth and fourteenth series replacing Rita Ora; for Scherzinger she won the thirteenth series with her contestant Matt Terry who also was in the bottom two in the semi-final.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger starred as Penny in ABC's television film "Dirty Dancing", a remake of the 1987 film of the same name.
Nicole Scherzinger : It peaked at number thirty-nine, remaining her highest charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as a lead artist.
Nicole Scherzinger : After will.i.am recommended Scherzinger to Iovine, and in hopes to obtain a solo deal, she successfully auditioned in December 2003 along with Melody Thornton joining Carmit Bachar, Ashley Roberts, Jessica Sutta and Kimberly Wyatt.
Nicole Scherzinger : In September 2017, she launched her debut fragrance, Chosen by Nicole Scherzinger.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger returned as judge on "The X Factor" UK for its tenth series for a reported salary of $2.3 million.
Nicole Scherzinger : The album was preceded by the singles "Your Love", "Run" and "On the Rocks"; the foremost peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart and was a moderate success on other international markets.
Nicole Scherzinger : In July 2013, Scherzinger posed semi-nude for a "Protect the Skin You're In" T-shirt, part of a campaign by fashion designer Marc Jacobs to raise awareness and cash for melanoma research.
Nicole Scherzinger : Jarett Wieselman of "The New York Post" placed her at number two on his list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers, while "Rolling Stone" magazine readers voted Scherzinger as the ninth Favorite Dancing Musician.
Nicole Scherzinger : In March 2013, Scherzinger released "Boomerang" which debuted and peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart; after its lackluster success, the associated album was scrapped.
Nicole Scherzinger : In August 2010, Scherzinger portrayed Maureen in the Hollywood Bowl production of the rock musical "Rent", directed by Neil Patrick Harris.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's second studio album, "Big Fat Lie" was released in October; on the UK Albums Chart it spent two weeks inside the top 100 peaking at number 17; its poor sales led to her departure from RCA Records.
Nicole Scherzinger : Scherzinger's first solo recording was a feature on Avant's "Lie About Us" that was released in July 2006 and later collaborated with Diddy on "Come to Me" which became Scherzinger's first solo top-ten hit on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
Nicole Scherzinger : In June 2012, Scherzinger was announced as a judge for the ninth series of "The X Factor" UK to replace Kelly Rowland for a reported salary of $1.17 million.
Marilyn Horne : Horne was born in Bradford, Pennsylvania, but moved with her parents to Long Beach, California, when she was 11.
Marilyn Horne : Horne was married from 1960 to 1979 (separated 1974) to the conductor Henry Lewis, with whom she maintained a home in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles for many years, and with whom she had a daughter, Angela.
Marilyn Horne : A "New York Times" article by Robert Jacobson, editor of "Opera News", in celebration of the Met's 100th anniversary in 1983, listed the hundred greatest singers who had ever performed at the house and included Horne, the only one still actively singing at the time.
Marilyn Horne : She teaches a series of annual Master Classes at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music; the University of Maryland, College Park; the Manhattan School of Music; and the University of Oklahoma.
Marilyn Horne : Marilyn Horne (born January 16, 1934) is an American mezzo-soprano opera singer.
Marilyn Horne : She studied voice under William Vennard and Gwendolyn Koldofsky at the University of Southern California School of Music and participated in Lotte Lehmann's vocal master classes at Music Academy of the West.
Carrie-Anne Moss : Moss lived with her mother in Vancouver as a child.
Carrie-Anne Moss : Carrie-Anne Moss was born in Burnaby, British Columbia, the daughter of Barbara and Melvyn Moss.
Carrie-Anne Moss : She moved from Barcelona to Los Angeles with the series in 1992.
Carrie-Anne Moss : While in Spain, Moss obtained a role as Tara, the clerk to Judge Bruce Marshall (Ramy Zada in season 1, Bruce Abbott in season 2), in the drama series "Dark Justice", her first television appearance.
Carrie-Anne Moss : Her breakthrough role came when she played Trinity in the science fiction thriller "The Matrix" (1999).
Carrie-Anne Moss : At the age of 11, she joined the Vancouver children's musical theatre and later went on to tour Europe with the Magee Secondary School Choir in her senior year.
Carrie-Anne Moss : Carrie-Anne Moss (born August 21, 1967) is a Canadian actress.
Courtney Mathewson : At UCLA, she majored in sociology.
Courtney Mathewson : Mathewson has also been named Division I Player of the Year by the Association of College Water Polo Coaches (ACWPC).
Courtney Mathewson : She joins other Bruins, Sean Kern, Coralie Simmons, Natalie Golda, and Kelly Rulon as Peter J. Cutino Award winners.
Viktoria Modesta : This accident led to a lasting problem with her left leg.
Viktoria Modesta : The video for the campaign was directed by Saam Farahmand.
Viktoria Modesta : In 2007, she had a voluntary below-the-knee leg amputation to improve her mobility and safeguard her future health.
Viktoria Modesta : Her physicality has become known for challenging the modern perception of altered beauty.
Viktoria Modesta : Moskalova began modeling at the age of fifteen.
Viktoria Modesta : Due to a doctor's negligence at her birth, Moskalova spent most of her childhood in and out of hospitals.
Viktoria Modesta : In 2009, she launched her first musical writing collaborative project with musician/producer Nik Hodges.
Viktoria Modesta : which was featured by "iD", "Wonderland" and "Notion" magazines.
Viktoria Modesta : On 28 May 2012 Moskalova put out a digital, independent release of her debut single "Only You".
Viktoria Modesta : Their first written track "Jane Bond" was featured in Music Week Playlist.
Viktoria Modesta : She has appeared on subculture magazine covers such as "Bizarre" and "Skin Two".
Viktoria Modesta : Viktoria Modesta (born on 25 February 1988 as Viktorija Moskaļova in Daugavpils, Latvia) is a Latvian-born English singer-songwriter performance artist and model.
Viktoria Modesta : Her performance wearing a Swarovski crystal-covered prosthetic leg was written about in "The Times", "Grazia" and "Look" magazines.
Viktoria Modesta : In May 2010, Moskalova was selected as one of the six best unsigned artists in the UK by Evo Music Rooms presented by Edith Bowman.
Viktoria Modesta : Modesta was born in Daugavpils in 1988 where she learned singing aged six at a local music school.
Viktoria Modesta : On 12 December 2014, she launched a collaboration with Channel 4 for the campaign Born Risky, branding her as the world's first "Bionic Pop Artist" supported by the track "Prototype" released on Spotify for streaming.
Viktoria Modesta : Moskalova performed as the 'Snow Queen' to a live performance of "42" by Coldplay at the 2012 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony in London directed by Kim Gavin in a 'Winter' section together with 6 warrior skaters from Dancing On Ice.
Angie Everhart : She was engaged to Joe Pesci, but the couple broke up in 2008.
Angie Everhart : Everhart was married to Ashley Hamilton from December 1, 1996, until their divorce in March 1997.
Angie Everhart : As a teen, Everhart became a cover model for such fashion magazines as "Elle" and "Glamour".
Angie Everhart : Everhart made her film debut in 1993 with the Arnold Schwarzenegger action-comedy "Last Action Hero".
Angie Everhart : Other movies she has appeared in include "Jade" (1995), and "Executive Target" (1997), "Another 9½ Weeks" (1997), Substitute 4 (2000), "Sexual Predator" (2001), "Bare Witness" (2001), "Wicked Minds" (2002), "Payback" (2006), "Bigfoot" (2008), and "Take Me Home Tonight" (2011).
Angie Everhart : Angela Kay "Angie" Everhart (born September 7, 1969) is an American actress and former model who appeared in several "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issues in the 1990s and posed nude for "Playboy" in 2000.
Hilary Hahn : She has also performed as a chamber musician.
Hilary Hahn : From 1985 to 1990 she studied in Baltimore under Klara Berkovich.
Hilary Hahn : At 16, she had completed the Curtis Institute's university requirements, but she remained for several years to pursue elective courses until her graduation in May 1999 with a Bachelor of Music degree.
Hilary Hahn : In 1991, at age 11, Hahn made her major orchestral debut with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra.
Hilary Hahn : Hilary Hahn (born November 27, 1979) is an American violinist.
Hilary Hahn : She uses bows by American bow maker Isaac Salchow and French bow makers Émile Ouchard, Paul Jombar, and Emil Miquel.
Hilary Hahn : In 1990, at ten, Hahn was admitted to the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, where she became a student of Jascha Brodsky.
Hilary Hahn : Her German debut came in 1995 with a performance of the Beethoven Violin Concerto with Lorin Maazel and the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra.
A. S. Byatt : She has written critical studies of Dame Iris Murdoch, who was a friend, mentor and a significant influence on her own writing.
A. S. Byatt : Her sisters are the novelist Margaret Drabble and the art historian Helen Langdon.
A. S. Byatt : Also known for her short stories, Byatt has been influenced by Henry James and George Eliot as well as Emily Dickinson, T. S. Eliot, and Robert Browning, in merging realism and naturalism with fantasy.
A. S. Byatt : Dame Antonia Susan Duffy ("née" Drabble; born 24 August 1936), known professionally as A. S. Byatt ( ), is an English novelist, poet and Booker Prize winner.
A. S. Byatt : Byatt's novella "Morpho Eugenia", included in "Angels & Insects" (1992), was turned into the successful film also called "Angels & Insects" (1995), nominated for an Academy Award.
Nagore Gabellanes : She also competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where Spain finished in 8th and last position.
Raquel del Rosario : At the age of 14, she started writing the first of many songs.
Raquel del Rosario : Raquel is the second of six children.
Raquel del Rosario : In 2016, she gave birth to her second son, Mael.
Raquel del Rosario : On 20 December 2011 the couple announced their divorce to the press.
Raquel del Rosario : In 2014, she gave birth to their first child, Leo.
Raquel del Rosario : In 2000, Raquel left her native Gran Canaria for Asturias with David and joined his group, "Xemà", finally to see their first album released.
Raquel del Rosario : Soon after Raquel and David met Juan Luis Suárez, and the three created "El Sueño de Morfeo".
Raquel del Rosario : Raquel, a self-taught musician, was 17 when she met David Feito from Asturias, who headed a Celtic-based music group.
Raquel del Rosario : Raquel del Rosario Macías (; born 3 November 1982) is a Spanish singer.
Raquel del Rosario : Then she took part in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden, with her band El Sueño De Morfeo and the song "Contigo hasta el final" ("With You Until The End"), representing Spain.
Eniola Aluko : Eniola Aluko (born 21 February 1987) is an English former professional footballer who last played as a forward for Serie A club Juventus.
Beatriz Gomes : Beatriz Gomes (born December 31, 1979) is a Portuguese sprint canoer and marathon canoeist who has competed since the late first decade of the 21st century.
Bai Ling : She temporarily moved to New York in 1991 to attend New York University's film department as a visiting scholar, but later obtained a special visa that allowed her to remain in the United States until she became a U.S. citizen in 1999.
Bai Ling : On February 14, 2008, Bai was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for shoplifting two magazines and a package of batteries.
Bai Ling : Her main activity there was entertaining in the musical theater.
Bai Ling : Bai was named one of "People"s "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" in 1998.
Bai Ling : Bai was born in Chengdu.
Bai Ling : She claimed that this was because she posed naked in the June 2005 issue of "Playboy" magazine, whose appearance on newsstands coincided with the movie's May 2005 release but director George Lucas denied this, stating that the cut had been made more than a year earlier.
Bai Ling : In 1991, Bai moved to the United States, where she appeared in a number of American films and television shows.
Bai Ling : Also, for "Speed Dragon", she received the Best Feature Film Award at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival.
Bai Ling : In October 2014, Bai was a member of the jury in the "India Gold 2014" section of the Mumbai Film Festival.
Bai Ling : In late 2014, Bai starred alongside David Arquette in "The Key", Jefery Levy's adaptation of the novel by Nobel Prize laureate Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.
Oh Eun-sun : "Yes, I did."
Oh Eun-sun : She is under the sponsorship of Black Yak, a South Korean outdoor product maker.
Oh Eun-sun : Oh Eun-sun (Korean: 오은선, Hanja: 吳銀善, born March 5, 1966) is a South Korean mountaineer.
Oh Eun-sun : Oh completed her descent from Annapurna on May 3.
Oh Eun-sun : After Pasabán spoke with Elizabeth Hawley upon descending, Hawley agreed to mark Oh's summit of Kangchenjunga as "disputed" in her Himalayan Database.
Kiele Sanchez : She is one of four children, and is of Puerto Rican, Polish and French descent.
Kiele Sanchez : Her performance helped her overcome her stage fright, with which she struggled at the time.
Kiele Sanchez : Her father, Oscar Sanchez, is a racetrack jockey agent.
Kiele Sanchez : In 2003, Sanchez appeared in the film "Stuck on You".
Kiele Sanchez : Sanchez was born in Chicago.
Kiele Sanchez : Kiele Michelle Sanchez ( ; born October 13, 1977) is an American actress who starred in the A&E Network drama "The Glades".
Kiele Sanchez : Sanchez began her acting career at Glenbard North High School in Carol Stream, Illinois, when she performed in a school production of "The Grapes of Wrath".
Ali MacGraw : She has also worked as an interior decorator.
Ali MacGraw : Following "Love Story", MacGraw was celebrated on the cover of "Time" magazine.
Ali MacGraw : She married McQueen on August 31, 1973, in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and divorced him in 1978.
Ali MacGraw : In 1991, "People" magazine selected MacGraw as one of its "50 Most Beautiful People" in the World.
Ali MacGraw : MacGraw's autobiography, "Moving Pictures," revealed her struggles with alcohol and sex addiction.
Ali MacGraw : They divorced in 1972 after she became involved with Steve McQueen on the set of "The Getaway".
Ali MacGraw : Elizabeth Alice "Ali" MacGraw (born April 1, 1939) is an American actress, model, author, and animal rights activist.
Ali MacGraw : On October 24, 1969, MacGraw married film producer Robert Evans (d. October 26, 2019); their son, Josh Evans, is an actor, director, producer and screenwriter.
Ali MacGraw : She went on to star in the popular action films "The Getaway" (1972) and "Convoy" (1978) as well as the romantic sports drama "Players" (1979), the comedy "Just Tell Me What You Want" (1980), and the historical novel-based television miniseries "The Winds of War" (1983).
Ali MacGraw : Beginning in 1960, MacGraw spent six years working at "Harper's Bazaar" magazine as a photographic assistant to fashion maven Diana Vreeland.
Mili Avital : She has maintained her career in both countries since.
Mili Avital : Avital was nominated for Best Actress in a Drama Series (first season) for her work.
Mili Avital : She was raised in Tel Aviv and Ra'anana.
Mili Avital : She recently appeared in the 2012 ABC television series "666 Park Avenue".
Mili Avital : Avital served as a member of the Board of Governors of the University of Haifa from 2009 to 2013.
Mili Avital : She also appeared in the "" episode "Palimpsest".
Mili Avital : She attended the Thelma Yellin High School of Arts in Givatayim.
Mili Avital : In 1999, she portrayed a Bosnian rape victim in the of the long-running NBC legal drama, "".
Mili Avital : Avital was born in Jerusalem, the daughter of graphic designers Noni and Iko Avital.
Mili Avital : Mili Avital (; born 30 March 1972) is an Israeli- American actress, writer and director.
Mili Avital : In 1993 she arrived in New York City to study acting at the Circle in the Square Theatre School.
Mili Avital : The show won Best Drama Series in the Israeli TV Awards.
Mili Avital : Her directorial debut, the short documentary "I Think Myself I am All the Time Younger", received its world premiere at the 2004 Tribeca Film Festival in New York.
Mili Avital : Avital appeared in three other episodes of the series: "Parasites", "Manhattan Vigil", and "Depravity Standard".
Mili Avital : The following year, discovered by an agent while working as a waitress, she was cast as the female lead in the 1994 science fiction film "Stargate", for which she received a Sci-fi Universe award.
Mili Avital : She was first introduced to Israeli audiences in the title role of "Yael's Friends", a television film.
Mili Avital : In 2009-2010 Avital appeared in the FX TV show "Damages", in a recurring role as the mistress to the husband of Patty Hewes (Glenn Close).
Mili Avital : She won the 1992 Israeli Film Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her first feature film role, in "Me'ever Layam" ().
Mili Avital : Avital stars in "Prisoners of War" (aka ""), a Keshet prime-time Israeli TV series, on which the American television series "Homeland" is based.
Mili Avital : In theater, Avital played Cordelia in "King Lear" at the Electric Lodge (Venice, California) in a 2006 production directed by Patsy Rodenburg.
Mili Avital : Avital began her professional career on stage during her senior year in high school, in "Dangerous Liaisons" at the Cameri Theater in Tel Aviv.
Mili Avital : Avital took part in a comedy series, "Landing on Their Feet", for Keshet, alongside Shani Cohen ("Eretz Nehederet").
Mili Avital : She moved to New York in 1994, and continues to reside there with her husband, Academy Award-winning screenwriter Charles Randolph ("The Big Short", "The Interpreter", "Love & Other Drugs"), and their two children, Benjamin and Fanny.
Mili Avital : Her television work includes Scheherazade in the Emmy-nominated ABC miniseries "Arabian Nights" to rave reviews, Jon Avnet’s "Uprising", and "After the Storm ".
Mili Avital : She has appeared in films such as Jim Jarmusch's "Dead Man" opposite Johnny Depp, Doug Ellin's "Kissing a Fool" opposite David Schwimmer, "Polish Wedding" opposite Claire Danes, and Robert Benton's "The Human Stain" opposite Anthony Hopkins.
Piper Perabo : The film was released under its original title in Europe.
Piper Perabo : She is of English, German, and Irish (father) and Norwegian (mother) descent; her surname is sometimes mistakenly described as Portuguese.
Piper Perabo : Perabo has been close friends with actress Lena Headey since they starred together in the 2005 films "The Cave" and "Imagine Me & You".
Piper Perabo : Her other films include "The I Inside" (2003), "Perfect Opposites" (2004), "George and the Dragon" (2004), "The Cave" (2005), "Imagine Me & You" (2005), "Edison" (2005), "The Prestige" (2006), and "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" (2008).
Piper Perabo : In 2000, she was cast in the romantic musical comedy-drama film "Coyote Ugly" as Violet "Jersey" Sanford, for which she won an MTV Movie Award for Best Music Moment for "One Way or Another".
Piper Perabo : She had a role as the eldest Baker child, Nora, in "Cheaper by the Dozen" (2003), a role she reprised in the film's 2005 sequel.
Piper Perabo : The next year she starred as a French exchange student in the independent comedy "Slap Her... She's French", which was shelved in North America for two years, then released under the new title "She Gets What She Wants".
Piper Perabo : Piper Lisa Perabo (; born October 31, 1976) is an American film and television actress.
Piper Perabo : On July 26, 2014, Perabo married Stephen Kay in New York City, New York.
Piper Perabo : She graduated from Toms River High School North in 1994, and earned a bachelor's degree in theater from Honors Tutorial College at Ohio University in 1998.
Piper Perabo : Perabo was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of Mary Charlotte (née Ulland), a physical therapist, and George William Perabo, a lecturer in poetry at Ocean County College.
Linda Wagenmakers : Linda Wagenmakers (born 30 November 1975, Arnhem) is a Dutch singer and voice actress.
Linda Wagenmakers : She also represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 in Stockholm, with the song "No Goodbyes" involving a huge black and white dress designed by Jan Aarntzen She featured in a gospel national theater tour in The Spirit of Joy!
Rabia Kazan : Kazan received various threats after publication, although her book has become a bestseller in Turkey.
Rabia Kazan : She then founded the news magazine "Haber Revizyon" in İstanbul.
Rabia Kazan : Kazan moved to the US in 2010 and worked for World Federation of United Nations Associations at the United Nations for two years.
Rabia Kazan : Kazan started her journalism career as a TV correspondent in 1996 with "Istanbul Documentary", for the Turkish channel Flash TV.
Rabia Kazan : Kazan launched a global campaign in 2014 named "This Is Not My Allah" against Islamic Terrorism with French political analyst Alain Wagner in New York City.
Rabia Kazan : Meanwhile, she became known in Turkey through an important, interview with Mehmet Ali Ağca when she was working at daily Ortadogu newspaper as investigative journalist.
Rabia Kazan : There she actively promoted "Secularism in Islam," prevention of child marriages and woman trafficking on different platforms including Italian TV channels.
Rabia Kazan : She became a columnist for the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) affiliated with "Ortadoğu" newspaper where she worked for six years.
Rabia Kazan : When Kazan returned to her country she published her book "Tahran Melekleri" (Legal Prostution) ("The Angels of Tehran"), which was about Nikah mut‘ah.
Rabia Kazan : She decided to remove her hijab in 2012, which she was forced to wear from age seven, and started working as a writer and women's rights activist at the International Civil Liberties Alliance (ICLA).
Rabia Kazan : In 2008, Kazan married Giacinto Licursi, an Italian lawyer and politician, and she subsequently moved to Rome.
María Luisa Calle : She was born in Medellín.
María Luisa Calle : María Luisa Calle Williams (born October 3, 1968) is a Colombian professional racing cyclist.
María Luisa Calle : On 22 July 2015, it was disclosed that she had tested positive for GHRP2 at the 2015 Pan American Games and was subsequently banned for four years.
María Luisa Calle : She was forced to return the medal after positive test result for the banned stimulant heptaminol.
Anna-Lena Grönefeld : 1 in singles and doubles.
Anna-Lena Grönefeld : Anna-Lena Grönefeld (also spelled Groenefeld, born 4 June 1985) is a German retired tennis player.
Riley Steele : Steele grew up in Escondido, California.
Riley Steele : Joone, the founder of Digital Playground, signed her to an exclusive contract that same day.
Riley Steele : There she met Jesse Jane who advised her to get into the adult industry.
Marie Laforêt : Every concert was sold out.
Marie Laforêt : Some music singles were eventually released, but were not popular.
Marie Laforêt : She was interested in making more personal records, but finally gave in.
Marie Laforêt : Laforêt resided in Geneva and obtained Swiss citizenship.
Marie Laforêt : She performed in a number of plays in Paris over the years, acclaimed by audiences and critics alike.
Marie Laforêt : In September 2005, she sang once again, going on tour in France for the first time since 1972.
Marie Laforêt : At the end of the 1960s, Laforêt had become a rather distinctive figure in the French pop scene.
Marie Laforêt : On the B-side of the same EP she sings the classic American folk ballad "House of the Rising Sun".
Marie Laforêt : In the 1990s, she again continued to work as an actress, both on screen and on stage.
Marie Laforêt : After this film she became very popular and interpreted many roles in the 1960s.
Marie Laforêt : She made a comeback, however, in 1993 with her final album, for which she wrote the lyrics.
Marie Laforêt : Laforêt was fond of folk music ever since she began recording in the early 1960s.
Marie Laforêt : Her music stood out, perhaps too much for her new label CBS Records, which expected of her more upbeat, simpler songs.
Marie Laforêt : In the 1980s, Laforêt concentrated on her acting career, appearing in a few French and Italian films.
Marie Laforêt : Her melodies borrowed more from exotic folk music, especially South American and Eastern European, than from contemporary American and British pop acts.
Marie Laforêt : She helped popularize the Bob Dylan song "Blowin' in the Wind" in France with her 1963 interpretation.
Marie Laforêt : Her songs offered a more mature, poetic, tender alternative to the light, teenage yé-yé tunes charting in France at the time.
Marie Laforêt : Her career began accidentally in 1959 when she replaced her sister at the last minute in a French radio talent contest "Naissance d'une étoile" (birth of a star) and won.
Marie Laforêt : The 1973 hit "Viens, viens" was a cover version of a German song "Rain, Rain, Rain" performed by Simon Butterfly.
Marie Laforêt : She also recorded some rock songs in the 1960s, her most famous being "Marie-douceur, Marie-colère", a 1966 cover of the Rolling Stones hit "Paint It Black".
Marie Laforêt : Laforêt worked with many important French composers, musicians and lyricists, such as André Popp and Pierre Cour, who provided her with a panoply of colorful, sophisticated orchestral arrangements, featuring dozens of musical instruments and creating a variety of sounds, sometimes almost Medieval, Renaissance or Baroque, other times quite modern and innovative.
Marie Laforêt : The quiet, bittersweet and minimally arranged ballad "Je voudrais tant que tu comprennes" (1966), composed by Francis Lai, is a Marie Laforêt favorite.
Marie Laforêt : She married director Jean-Gabriel Albicocco, who cast her in some of his own works, including "La Fille aux Yeux d'Or" ("The Girl with the Golden Eyes"), based on the Balzac story, which would become her nickname.
Marie Laforêt : Marie Laforêt (born Maïtena Marie Brigitte Doumenach, 5 October 1939 – 2 November 2019) was a French singer and actress, particularly well known for her work during the 1960s and 1970s.
Marie Laforêt : In her second film, "Saint Tropez Blues", accompanied by a young Jacques Higelin at the guitar, she sang the title song and immediately started releasing singles, her first hit being 1963's "Les Vendanges de l'Amour".
Marie Laforêt : Another popular recording was 1965's girl group-style "A demain, my darling", known by English-speakers as "The Sha La La Song" written by Marianne Faithfull on her debut eponymous album.
Marie Laforêt : Director Louis Malle then cast the young starlet in the film he was shooting at the time, "Liberté", a project he finally abandoned, making Laforêt's first appearance on screen her turn opposite actor Alain Delon in René Clément's 1960 drama "Plein Soleil".
Marie Laforêt : Some of her most memorable pop songs are those written or arranged by French composer André Popp, such as "Entre toi et moi", "L'amour en fleurs", "Les noces de campagne", "Mon amour, mon ami", and "Manchester et Liverpool".
Marie Laforêt : Although her most financially successful singles ("Viens, Viens", a cover of the German hit ″Rain Rain Rain″, and "Il a neigé sur Yesterday", a ballad about the break-up of the Beatles) were released in the 1970s, Laforêt progressively lost interest in her singing career, moving to Geneva, Switzerland in 1978, where she opened an art gallery and abandoned music.
Marie Laforêt : Her other folk recordings include: "Viens sur la montagne", a 1964 French adaptation of the African-American spiritual "Go Tell It on the Mountain", recorded by American folk trio Peter, Paul and Mary the previous year, "Coule doux" (Hush-a-Bye), another Peter, Paul and Mary song, 1966's "Sur les chemins des Andes", a French version of the traditional Peruvian song "El Cóndor Pasa", and "La voix du silence", a 1966 cover of American duo Simon and Garfunkel's first hit, "The Sound of Silence".
Lisa McGee : She is married to the actor Tobias Beer.
Lisa McGee : Her stage play "Jump" has been adapted into a film.
Lisa McGee : Lisa McGee (born ) is a Northern Irish stage and screenwriter.
Lisa McGee : She was writer on attachment with the Royal National Theatre in London in 2006.
Lisa McGee : Her plays include "Jump", "The Heights", "Nineteen Ninety Two", and "Girls and Dolls", for which she won the Stewart Parker Trust New Playwright Bursary 2007.
Lisa McGee : McGee's television credits include "The Things I Haven't Told You" for BBC Three, the Irish television series "Raw" which she created for RTÉ, time as a writer for three series of the BAFTA-nominated "Being Human" for the BBC, the Channel 4 sitcom "London Irish", which she created, writing for the Golden Globe-nominated drama series "The White Queen" for BBC 1, and "Indian Summers" for Channel 4.
Emma Thompson : They have one daughter.
Emma Thompson : In 1993, she garnered dual Academy Award nominations for her roles in "The Remains of the Day" as the housekeeper of a grand household and "In the Name of the Father" as a lawyer.
Emma Thompson : In 1985, Thompson was cast in the West End revival of the musical "Me and My Girl", co-starring Robert Lindsay.
Emma Thompson : Thompson followed "Primary Colors" by playing an FBI agent opposite Rickman in the poorly received thriller "Judas Kiss" (1998).
Emma Thompson : Dame Emma Thompson (born 15 April 1959) is a British actress, screenwriter, activist, author, and comedian.
Emma Thompson : She returned to independent cinema for a lead role in "Carrington", which studied the platonic relationship between artist Dora Carrington and writer Lytton Strachey (played by Jonathan Pryce).
Karine Sergerie : Sergerie was born in Sainte-Catherine, Quebec, Canada.
Karine Sergerie : Sergerie won a silver medal at the 2003 World Taekwondo Championships.
Li Shufang : Li Shufang (; born May 6, 1979 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Li Shufang : In 2000, she won the silver medal in the half middleweight class.
Marie-France Hirigoyen : Her publications include "Le harcèlement moral, la violence perverse au quotidien" (1998), which sold 450,000 copies in her native France and was translated and sold in 24 other countries.
Jo Maas : Jo Maas (Eijsden, 6 October 1954) is a retired Dutch professional road bicycle racer.
Tatum O'Neal : Authorities released her without bail.
Tatum O'Neal : They were eliminated in the second round.
Tatum O'Neal : In 1967, her parents divorced and her father quickly remarried.
Tatum O'Neal : Her brother, Griffin, was born in 1964.
Tatum O'Neal : In 2015, she said she had begun dating women, while choosing not to identify herself as lesbian, bisexual or heterosexual, saying, "I'm not one or the other."
Tatum O'Neal : They separated in 1992 and were divorced in 1994.
Tatum O'Neal : O'Neal later appeared in guest roles in "Sex and the City", "8 Simple Rules" and "".
Tatum O'Neal : On June 1, 2008, she was arrested for buying crack cocaine near her Manhattan apartment building.
Tatum O'Neal : In January 2006, she participated in the second season of ABC's reality series "Dancing with the Stars" with professional partner Nick Kosovich.
Tatum O'Neal : In her 2004 autobiography, "A Paper Life", O'Neal alleged that she was molested by her father's drug dealer when she was 12.
Tatum O'Neal : She also starred as Amanda Whurlitzer in "The Bad News Bears" (1976), followed by "Nickelodeon" (1976), and "Little Darlings" (1980).
Tatum O'Neal : Her father's marriage to actress Leigh Taylor-Young produced Tatum's half-brother, Patrick, but the union ended in divorce in 1973.
Tatum O'Neal : In 2005, O'Neal began a recurring role as Maggie Gavin in the firehouse drama series "Rescue Me", portraying the unbalanced and lively sister of Tommy Gavin, played by Denis Leary.
Tatum O'Neal : She appears opposite Nashawn Kearse and Vanessa Williams in the film "My Brother" (2007).
Tatum O'Neal : Tatum Beatrice O'Neal (born November 5, 1963) is an American actress and author.
Tatum O'Neal : From 2006 to 2007, she portrayed Blythe Hunter in the My Network TV drama series "Wicked Wicked Games".
Flavia Pennetta : 10.
Flavia Pennetta : After winning the 2015 US Open, Pennetta announced she would retire at the end of the season.
Flavia Pennetta : She lost to third seed Yanina Wickmayer.
Flavia Pennetta : Flavia Pennetta (; born 25 February 1982) is a retired Italian professional tennis player and Grand Slam champion in both singles and doubles.
Flavia Pennetta : Pennetta had a breakthrough at Wimbledon where she advanced to the fourth round for the first time in more than five years.
Carme Ruscalleda : She often relates the dishes served to a leitmotif explained in the menu, creating a sort of literary concept.
Carme Ruscalleda : Her cuisine is strongly based on Catalan tradition though open to world influences, and focuses on quality and seasonal products.
Carme Ruscalleda : Carme Ruscalleda i Serra (, born in 1952) is the renowned Catalan chef of the restaurant Sant Pau in Sant Pol de Mar, near Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Carme Ruscalleda : She studied "Charcuterie" technics, as well as Commerce, and after marrying a grocery owner, Toni Balam in 1975, the couple opened restaurant "Sant Pau" in 1988.
Susie O'Neill : Susan O'Neill, (born 2 August 1973) is an Australian former competitive swimmer from Brisbane, Queensland, nicknamed "Madame Butterfly".
Louise Erdrich : She was married to author Michael Dorris and the two collaborated on a number of works.
Louise Erdrich : Both parents taught at a boarding school in Wahpeton, North Dakota, set up by the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Louise Erdrich : Louise Erdrich (born Karen Louise Erdrich, June 7, 1954) is an American author, writer of novels, poetry, and children's books featuring Native American characters and settings.
Louise Erdrich : The novel was a finalist for the National Book Award.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : After her parents' divorce in 1960 she stayed with her mother.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : She was released from Aichach prison on 25 March 2007.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Mohnhaupt was detained and sentenced to five terms of life in prison with a minimum 24-year mandatory sentence by the appellate court of Stuttgart.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : She was given this sentence because of the significant role she played during the German Autumn and for her part in the attempted assassination of NATO General Kroesen.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : She was married to Rolf Heissler from 1968–1970.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Below is a timeline of Mohnhaupt's major acts as a member of the RAF.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : She took her abitur in 1967 in Bruchsal, and later that year enrolled with the philosophy department at the University of Munich.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Mohnhaupt was born in Rheinberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, the daughter of an employee in a publishing house.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Her arrest was a massive blow to the RAF (as she had become almost as important to her RAF 'generation' as Gudrun Ensslin and Andreas Baader had been to theirs).
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Together with fellow commune member Irmgard Möller, she joined the Red Army Faction (RAF) around 1971 after the SPK dissolved, and helped with organization, logistics, and weapon procurement.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : On 11 November 1982 Mohnhaupt, along with Adelheid Schulz, was caught entering an RAF arms cache in the woods near Frankfurt which had been staked out by GSG 9 men.
Brigitte Mohnhaupt : Brigitte Margret Ida Mohnhaupt (born 24 June 1949) is a German convicted former terrorist associated with the second generation of the Red Army Faction (RAF) members.
Maialen Chourraut : Maialen Chourraut Yurramendi (born 8 March 1983 in Lasarte-Oria) is a Spanish slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2000.
Susana Seivane : Guided by her father Álvaro Seivane and influenced by skilled bagpipers such as her grandfather Xosé Manuel Seivane, Ricardo Portela and Moxenas, she is notable in the bagpipe world and the world of traditional Galician music for synthesizing the "enxebre" style of the ancient bagpipers while creating her own style including other musical influences.
Bridget Riley : They present a great variety of geometric forms that produce sensations of movement or colour.
Bridget Riley : She meticulously plans her composition's design with preparatory drawings and collage techniques; her assistants paint the final canvases with great precision under her instruction.
Bridget Riley : Bridget Louise Riley (born 24 April 1931) is an English painter well-known for Op art.
Lucette Aldous : Lucette Aldous (born 26 September 1938) is an Australian ballerina and ballet teacher.
Lucette Aldous : Aldous returned to Australia in 1970, where she started as a guest artist with the Australian Ballet and quickly rose to Resident Principal Dancer.
Anne Sofie von Otter : The couple had two children.
Anne Sofie von Otter : She grew up in Bonn, London and Stockholm.
Anne Sofie von Otter : She was awarded the Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo in 2015 for her album of French songs, "Douce France".
Anne Sofie von Otter : She is a regular recital and recording partner with Swedish pianist Bengt Forsberg.
Anne Sofie von Otter : In 2001, she released her album with Elvis Costello, "For the Stars", for which she won an Edison Award.
Anne Sofie von Otter : Anne Sofie von Otter (born 9 May 1955) is a Swedish mezzo-soprano.
Maryse Ouellet : Network.
Maryse Ouellet : She also began developing a range of makeup products.
Maryse Ouellet : By the time she began appearing regularly on "SmackDown" at the beginning of 2008, she had adopted a snobby attitude and become a villainous character.
Maryse Ouellet : The couple resides in Austin, Texas.
Maryse Ouellet : In high school, Ouellet was the only girl in her class, and ran the school's fashion show.
Maryse Ouellet : She has also appeared in several newspaper interviews, including "Tokyo Headline", and was on the cover of "Sessions Magazine" in October 2010.
Maryse Ouellet : She began appearing regularly for FWE, where she commentated during women's matches.
Maryse Ouellet : She was also on the cover of "Playboy"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 2007 Girls of Canada calendar.
Maryse Ouellet : After losing the championship, Maryse underwent to a legitimate knee surgery.
Maryse Ouellet : She has a degree in business administration, and holds a black belt in martial arts.
Maryse Ouellet : Ouellet was born in Montreal, Quebec, but grew up in Edmundston, New Brunswick.
Maryse Ouellet : Maryse has appeared in Six WWE video games.
Maryse Ouellet : In 2013, Ouellet got engaged to longtime boyfriend and fellow wrestler Mike Mizanin, best known by his ring name The Miz.
Maryse Ouellet : Following her release from WWE in 2011, Ouellet announced her plans for a clothing and jewelry line named House of Maryse.
Maryse Ouellet : Ouellet began her modeling career as a beauty pageant contestant, winning Miss Hawaiian Tropic Canada 2003 and finishing second at the International Finals of Miss Hawaiian Tropic 2004.
Maryse Ouellet : At Night of Champions on July 26, Maryse lost the Divas Championship to James.
Maryse Ouellet : In September, following her pregnancy announcement, Maryse stopped appearing on television.
Maryse Ouellet : Later she started making backstage promotional videos with Miz supporting him in the WWE Mixed Match Challenge, in which he won alongside Asuka in April in support of the charity Rescue Dogs Rock.
Maryse Ouellet : She made the final cut and was one of the top eight contestants, but was the second person eliminated on July 24.
Maryse Ouellet : On November 19, 2017, she made an appearance on the Survivor Series pay-per-view crowd watching Miz fight United States Champion Baron Corbin.
Maryse Ouellet : Despite her elimination, she was invited to observe workouts and the training facility at WWE's developmental territory, Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), along with Brooke Adams.
Maryse Ouellet : Maryse Mizanin (; née Ouellet; born January 21, 1983) is a Canadian-American professional wrestler, professional wrestling manager, actress, businesswoman, reality star and glamour model currently signed to WWE under the ring name Maryse, where she performs on the SmackDown brand.
Maryse Ouellet : In March 2007, she began wrestling in dark matches prior to the OVW television tapings.
Maryse Ouellet : In mid-2006, Ouellet tried out for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE)'s "Diva Search".
Maryse Ouellet : During Elimination Chamber on February 17, 2019, the couple announced they are expecting their second child, due in September.
Maryse Ouellet : When Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) opened in mid-2007, Ouellet was transferred to the new developmental facility, and on September 25, she made her FCW debut as the valet of Ryan O'Reilly along with Lacey Von Erich.
Maryse Ouellet : Their daughter Madison Jade Mizanin was born on September 20, 2019.
Maryse Ouellet : Ouellet was officially signed to a WWE developmental contract on August 24, 2007 and was assigned to OVW for training.
Maryse Ouellet : On June 4, at Extreme Rules, Maryse was in Miz's corner when he won the WWE Intercontinental Championship for the seventh time by defeating Dean Ambrose.
Maryse Ouellet : As part of the 2009 WWE Draft on April 13, Maryse was drafted to the "Raw" brand, and in the process, the Divas Championship became exclusive to "Raw".
Maryse Ouellet : Ouellet also made an appearance in the January 2009 issue of "Muscle & Fitness", along with Eve Torres and Michelle McCool.
Maryse Ouellet : On April 5, Maryse competed in a 25-Diva Miss WrestleMania battle royal at WrestleMania XXV, but she was eliminated by Beth Phoenix and the match was won by Santina Marella (Santino Marella dressed in drag).
Maryse Ouellet : On April 4, 2016 episode of "Raw", the episode after WrestleMania 32, Maryse returned during a WWE Intercontinental Championship match between the champion Zack Ryder and her husband, The Miz.
Maryse Ouellet : At Elimination Chamber (2019) Maryse returned as a face announcing she and the Miz are having their second child.
Maryse Ouellet : During the match, Maryse turned heel and slapped Ryder's father, who was in the front row, in order to distract Ryder and allowed Miz to capture the championship for the fifth time, thus becoming his manager in the process, where the two then became an on-screen power couple.
Maryse Ouellet : For several weeks, Maryse competed in six-person tag team matches with Victoria and Natalya against Cherry, Michelle McCool and Maria.
Maryse Ouellet : She also made a special appearance on "Redemption Song", which was hosted by WWE wrestler Chris Jericho, along with Candice Michelle, Mickie James, and Eve Torres.
Maryse Ouellet : In April 2007, she appeared alongside fellow WWE Divas Ashley, Torrie Wilson, Brooke Adams, Layla, and Kelly Kelly in Timbaland's music video "Throw It On Me" featuring The Hives.
Joan Plowright : Joan Ann Olivier, Baroness Olivier, DBE (née Plowright; born 28 October 1929), commonly known as Dame Joan Plowright, is a retired English actress whose career has spanned over seven decades.
Marina Arismendi : She was also the secretary-general, between 1998 and 2006, of the Communist Party of Uruguay (PCU), a constituent of the ruling Frente Amplio.
Marina Arismendi : Ana Marina Arismendi Dubinsky (born 30 May 1949, Montevideo) is an Uruguayan senator and current minister of social development in the government of President Tabaré Vázquez.
Natividad Barroso : In November 2007, she was awarded with the "Roberto Montesinos" "Prize of Literature" of the Lara state.
Natividad Barroso : She received a bachelor's degree in literature from the Central University of Venezuela and a postgraduate degree in ethno-folklore and comparative literature at the same institution.
Natividad Barroso : She is co-founder and member of the Association of Writers of Lara State and a university professor with a range of scientific and humanistic interests that go from literature and linguistic to the anthropology and the ethnology.
Natividad Barroso : Natividad Barroso Garcia (Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 1937) is an investigator of ethno-folklore, essayist and Venezuelan poet.
Natividad Barroso : A literacy program, "The Hour of the Resonance", was created by her in 1982 to develop an interest in reading and literature in the economically depressed villages of Barquisimeto, the state capital of Lara, Venezuela.
Lake Bell : Bell's father is Jewish and her mother is Protestant.
Lake Bell : I’m obsessed with the voice-over world, so it makes sense for me."
Lake Bell : For part of her teenage years she lived in Vero Beach, Florida and attended Saint Edwards School.
Lake Bell : Bell has stated that she was raised in a "comically dysfunctional" family.
Lake Bell : The film was picked up by Roadside Attractions and Sony.
Lake Bell : Her film led to her being named one of the "2012 Inspiring Filmmakers" by LUNAFEST.
Lake Bell : Lake Siegel Bell (born March 24, 1979) is an American actress, director, and screenwriter.
Lake Bell : In late October 2014, her representative confirmed that Bell had given birth to their daughter, Nova.
Lake Bell : In May 2017, Bell gave birth to their second child, a son named Ozzi, which is short for Ozgood.
Lake Bell : The two met when he played himself in an episode of the second season of "How to Make It in America".
Lake Bell : which she wrote and directed and in which she starred She describes the film as "a comedy about a female voice-over artist and family dysfunction and relationships.
Lake Bell : Bell and Colin Farrell, her co-star in "Pride and Glory", dated in the late 2000s.
Lake Bell : Bell then played the lead role in the science fiction series "Surface", which aired between September 2005 and May 2006.
Lake Bell : Bell has an automotive column in "The Hollywood Reporter" called "Test Drive" and is the magazine's automotive contributing editor.
Lake Bell : Bell attended The Chapin School in New York and Westminster School in Simsbury, Connecticut.
Lake Bell : In 2011, Bell began dating Scott Campbell, an artist and tattoo artist.
Lake Bell : The couple became engaged on Bell's birthday in March 2012 and were married on June 1, 2013, at the Marigny Opera House in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Lake Bell : 1"; and in 2011 she appeared in photo shoots for "Elle", "Los Angeles", "Maxim" and "Esquire", the latter in conjunction with the website "Me In My Place".
Lake Bell : Her character was carried over into the spinoff "Boston Legal", where she was a regular cast member until she left the series in 2005.
Lake Bell : In September 2011, Bell modeled at Pirelli's Fashion Week in Milan, Italy.
Lake Bell : Bell was to play Deputy Judy Hicks in "Scream 4", but dropped out four days before filming due to scheduling conflicts, with the role going to Marley Shelton.
Lake Bell : Bell had a lead role alongside Kate Bosworth in the 2012 thriller "Black Rock".
Lake Bell : She was also cast as the lead female role, Dr. Cat Black, in Rob Corddry's satirical comedy "Childrens Hospital".
Lake Bell : Bell began her career in 2002 with roles in the film "Speakeasy", a film about two men who become unlikely friends after a minor traffic accident, and in 2 episodes of the medical TV drama "ER".
Lake Bell : For New York Fashion Week 2013, Bell modeled nude with strategic body painting (done by her husband) on the cover of "New York" shot by Mark Seliger.
Lake Bell : In 2007, Bell appeared in a photo shoot for "GQ"; in 2008 she appeared in a photo shoot for "Marie Claire"; in 2009 she modeled for Scott Caan, for his first book, "Scott Caan Photographs, Vol.
Lake Bell : Bell was listed as number 45 on "Femme Fatales'" list of the 50 Sexiest Women of 2003; 6th on "British Vogue's" list of the 10 Best Dressed Women of 2007, 32nd on "Maxim's Hot 100" of 2008, 44th on Maxim's Hot 100 of 2012 and 89th on AskMen's 99 Most Desirable Women of 2012.
Lake Bell : In 2004, Bell appeared in the wrestling film "Slammed" and made her debut as Sally Heep in the final four episodes of "The Practice".
Lake Bell : There she acted in theatrical productions including "The Seagull", "The Children's Hour", "Six Degrees of Separation", "Light Shining in Buckinghamshire" and "The Pentecost".
Lake Bell : She has starred in various television series, including "Boston Legal" (2004–2006), "Surface" (2005–2006), "How to Make It in America" (2010–2011) and "Childrens Hospital" (2008–2016), and in films including "Over Her Dead Body" (2008), "What Happens in Vegas" (2008), "It's Complicated" (2009), "No Strings Attached" (2011), "Million Dollar Arm" (2014), "No Escape" (2015), "The Secret Life of Pets" (2016), and "Home Again" (2017).
Lake Bell : The fourth season began airing in August 2012 and featured two episodes that were directed by Bell—the season premiere, "The Boy with the Pancakes Tattoo", a parody of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" and the ninth episode, "A Kid Walks in to a Hospital".
Lake Bell : In 2010, Bell made her writing and directing début with the short film "Worst Enemy", which starred Michaela Watkins, Matt Walsh and Lindsay Sloane.
Lake Bell : 2006 also saw her star in the film "" about the Hillside Strangler of the late 1970s and return to "Boston Legal" for two episodes, reprising her role as Sally Heep, opposing counsel to Alan Shore (portrayed by James Spader).
Lake Bell : Her father is real estate developer Harvey Siegel, who bought the then-closed Virginia International Raceway and converted it to a racetrack country club, and who owned New Jersey Motorsports Park.
Lake Bell : She wrote and directed the short film "Worst Enemy", which debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in 2012, followed by her 2013 feature film directing debut "In a World...", in which she also starred.
Lake Bell : Her film débuted at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and has also played at the Nantucket Film Festival, the Dallas International Film Festival, the Gen Art Film Festival and Aspen Shortsfest, winning the Tony Cox Award for Screenwriting in a Short Film from Nantucket and receiving a Shorts Jury Special Mention from Dallas.
Lake Bell : 2010 saw Bell voice a supporting role in "Shrek Forever After", star in the satirical film "Burning Palms", guest star in an episode of the second season of the sitcom "The League" and cast as a lead character in the HBO series "How to Make It in America", which aired for two seasons from February 2010 to November 2011.
Lake Bell : After appearing in the psychological thriller "I Love Your Work", she was cast alongside Jeff Goldblum as the female lead in the NBC television film "War Stories" and played Alicia Silverstone's wisecracking best friend, Victoria Carlson, in NBC's comedy-drama series "Miss Match".
Lake Bell : In 2009, Bell voiced the role of Dana Mercer in the video game "Prototype", played Alec Baldwin's wife in the romantic comedy "It's Complicated" and guest starred in an episode of the fourth season of the series "Wainy Days".
Lake Bell : In 2011, Bell starred alongside Josh Lucas and Terrence Howard in the supernatural thriller "Little Murder", played Ashton Kutcher's boss in the romantic comedy "No Strings Attached", a performance that won her critical praise and was called "scene-stealing," starred in the ensemble comedy "A Good Old Fashioned Orgy" and guest starred in an episode of the first season of "New Girl".
Brigitte Yagüe : Brigitte Yagüe Enrique (born March 15, 1981 in Palma de Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Spain) is a female taekwondo practitioner from Spain.
Brigitte Yagüe : In 2012, she won the silver medal at the London Olympics in the women's 49kg competition.
Yuridia : Yuridia's third solo album, "Entre Mariposas", was released on November 15, 2007 in Mexico.
Yuridia : Yuridia is the highest selling artist to come out of the reality show and most popular to this date.
Yuridia : The third and last single is "En Su Lugar", it debuted at "#16", finally topping the "#4" spot.
Yuridia : She came in second place in the fourth season of the reality show "La Academia", which launched her career.
Yuridia : She has been nominated for awards such as, Latin Grammy, Premios Juventud Latin Billboard OYE awards and Lo Nuestro music awards.
Yuridia : Yuridia was born in Hermosillo, Sonora but grew up in Mesa, Arizona.
Yuridia : In 2005, Yuridia released her debut album "La Voz de un Ángel".
Yuridia : Yuridia Francisca Gaxiola Flores, commonly known as Yuridia, (born October 4, 1986 in Hermosillo, Sonora) is a Mexican singer.
Yuridia : It was certified gold selling more than 50,000 copies within the first week of being released, peaking at number one position in the top selling charts.
Marta Rivera de la Cruz : She continues to live in Madrid.
Marta Rivera de la Cruz : She has also edited the Galician literature section of the literary magazine "Leer".
Marta Rivera de la Cruz : She began her literary career in 1996 with the novel "El refugio" (The Refuge), for which she received the Premio de Novela Corta Joven y Brillante (1996).
Marta Rivera de la Cruz : Marta Rivera de la Cruz (1970, Lugo, Spain) is a Spanish writer.
Marta Rivera de la Cruz : Two years later, in 1998, she won the Premio Ateneo of Seville for the novel "Que veinte años no es nada" (Twenty Years is Nothing), in which she relates the unchanging passion that Luisa feels for a famous writer, Cósimo Herrera, twenty years her elder.
Marisa Monte : In 1991, Marisa Monte released her second album, titled "Mais", on EMI.
Marisa Monte : She studied singing, piano, and drums as a child, and began studying opera singing at 14.
Marisa Monte : Marisa de Azevedo Monte (born 1 July 1967) is a Brazilian singer, composer, instrumentalist, and producer of Brazilian popular music and samba.
Mary Harron : Mary Harron (born January 12, 1953) is a Canadian filmmaker and screenwriter.
Mary Harron : She gained recognition for her role in writing and directing several independent films, including "I Shot Andy Warhol" (1996), "American Psycho" (2000), and "The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005).
Mary Harron : In the late 1980s, Harron participated and began her film career writing and directing BBC Documentaries.
Mary Harron : In New York, Harron helped start and write for "Punk" magazine as a music journalist; she was the first journalist to interview the Sex Pistols for an American publication.
Victoria Justice : ".
Victoria Justice : Despite this, the film's worldwide release was canceled.
Victoria Justice : Justice portrayed Jill No.
Victoria Justice : She has a younger half-sister named Madison Grace Reed.
Victoria Justice : Her father is of English, German, and Irish descent, while her mother, originally from the Bronx, is of Puerto Rican ancestry.
Victoria Justice : On landing the role, she said, "I was extremely happy; I was bouncing up and down and screaming.
Victoria Justice : She and her family moved to Hollywood, California in 2003.
Victoria Justice : Justice has taken part in several charity events, supporting charities such as the "United Nations Foundation", which benefits numerous causes such as AIDS, Children, Environment, Health, Human Rights and Peace.
Victoria Justice : Since 2013, Justice has lived with her parents in an Encino Hills home she purchased.
Victoria Justice : It is a tribute to the cult classic 1975 film of the same name and directed by Kenny Ortega, using the original script written by Richard O'Brien and Jim Sharman.
Victoria Justice : Justice also made a cameo appearance in the R-rated film "When Do We Eat?
Victoria Justice : ", in which Justice performs three songs.
Victoria Justice : Victorious ended its run on February 2, 2013.
Victoria Justice : She visited Girl Up-supported programs in developing countries to observe first-hand the impact the programs can have on girls and communities.
Victoria Justice : Justice's character was introduced in the second season on September 11, 2005.
Victoria Justice : It was later announced the film would feature Dylan Sprouse and Cole Sprouse.
Victoria Justice : Justice released a cover of "A Thousand Miles" by Vanessa Carlton in 2007.
Victoria Justice : The film currently holds a 69% approval rate on Rotten Tomatoes based on 24 reviews.
Victoria Justice : After her appearance in the series, her family moved to Los Angeles, when Justice began to pursue a career in acting.
Victoria Justice : While filming "Victorious", Justice attended Cleveland High School before completing her diploma through a home school program.
Victoria Justice : Unlike initial plans of a theatrical release, the film had a limited preview release on December 12, 2009, and was returned to post production.
Victoria Justice : The TV special, titled "Valentine Dream Date" featured Justice portraying herself.
Victoria Justice : Justice's debut single "Gold" was released on June 18, 2013.
Victoria Justice : Justice recorded several songs for the series throughout its run.
Victoria Justice : On September 30, 2010, Justice announced she would be joining the Charity Campaign "Girl Up."
Victoria Justice : Starring an ensemble cast led by Laverne Cox, the film premiered on the Fox network.
Victoria Justice : Later, Justice was cast as Stella, a young girl who begins seeing visions of Mary Magdalene, in Aaron Ruell's 2005 short film, Mary.
Victoria Justice : She later appeared in episodes of "iCarly", "True Jackson, VP", "The Troop", and "BrainSurge".
Victoria Justice : The film received generally positive reviews from several critics, holding a 76% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes as of 2011.
Victoria Justice : The original broadcast of this episode took place following the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards.
Victoria Justice : And, after that, Dan found out that I could also sing and dance as well as act, so he thought it would be really cool to create a show for me on Nickelodeon, called Victorious."
Victoria Justice : Justice announced in 2009 that she would be working on a thriller film, set for theatrical release.
Victoria Justice : Victoria Dawn Justice was born on February 19, 1993, in Hollywood, Florida, the daughter of Serene Reed and Zack Justice.
Victoria Justice : In a 2010 interview with the Associated Press, she stated that she was recording an album, but planned to take her time with the process.
Victoria Justice : Victoria Dawn Justice (born February 19, 1993) is an American actress and singer.
Victoria Justice : On October 20, 2016, Justice played Janet Weiss, one of the lead roles in "."
Victoria Justice : In 2015, she starred in the lead role as Lindy Sampson on the MTV television series "Eye Candy".
Victoria Justice : In August 2014, "Billboard" revealed that Justice had left Columbia Records, but was recording new music to be released in 2015.
Victoria Justice : ", and played the role of Rose in the Hallmark television film "Silver Bells", the latter of which became a Hallmark Hall of Fame film.
Victoria Justice : Also in 2006, Justice played the supporting role of Holly in the thriller film "The Garden".
Victoria Justice : In October 2012, she revealed she would release her debut album in 2013.
Victoria Justice : After the success of "The Naked Brothers Band" special in which Justice guest starred, she appeared in another episode, "The Premiere," on April 11, 2009.
Victoria Justice : Justice joined "Girl Up" on September 30, 2010, for the campaign's official launch in New York City and went on to support the "Unite for Girls" tour, which traveled to cities across the United States.
Victoria Justice : Justice played the lead role Wren in the comedy "Fun Size", released on October 26, 2012.
Victoria Justice : Justice has also appeared in the films "The Boy Who Cried Werewolf" (2010), "Fun Size" (2012), "The First Time" (2012) and "Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List" (2015).
Victoria Justice : In 2009, she announced plans to guest star on an episode of Nickelodeon's series "The Naked Brothers Band".
Victoria Justice : Justice did not record new music until 2009, when she starred in the Nickelodeon musical "Spectacular!
Victoria Justice : "Girl Up" was written by Justice and Toby Gad for the Girl Up movement, which helps girls in developing countries.
Victoria Justice : In music, Justice has recorded several songs for the soundtracks of her acting projects, including "Victorious" and the Nickelodeon musical "Spectacular!
Victoria Justice : In 2003, Justice began her acting career when she was 10 years old, making a guest appearance on the "Gilmore Girls" episode "The Hobbit, the Sofa and Digger Stiles."
Victoria Justice : In 2006, Justice made a guest appearance on an episode of "Everwood" in the episode "Enjoy the Ride."
Victoria Justice : The pilot for the show debuted on March 27, 2010, and received 5.7 million views, making it the second-highest rated premiere for a live-action Nickelodeon series.
Victoria Justice : She rose to fame on Nickelodeon in the 2000s, starring as Lola Martinez on "Zoey 101" (2005–2008) and later as Tori Vega on "Victorious" (2010–2013).
Victoria Justice : The following year, Justice guest-starred on the second episode of the Disney channel series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", in which she played a young pageant contestant named Rebecca.
Victoria Justice : On October 11, 2013, it was announced that Justice was cast as Lindy Sampson in MTV's "Eye Candy", a cyber thriller based on the novel by R. L. Stine.
Victoria Justice : Justice confirmed that she would be starring in her own musical show on Nickelodeon called "Victorious", explaining the show's genesis thus: "I was on "Zoey 101".
Victoria Justice : During the same year, Justice landed a main role in the Nickelodeon series "Zoey 101" as Lola Martinez, a new student who is an aspiring actress.
Victoria Justice : The film received generally positive reviews from critics.
Victoria Justice : Justice starred in the 2010 Nickelodeon television movie "The Boy Who Cried Werewolf", playing Jordan Sands, a girl who is transformed into a werewolf following her move to a creepy manor.
Victoria Justice : The film was met with negative reviews from critics.
Naya Rivera : At 8 or 9 months old, Rivera began to be represented by the same talent agent as her mother, who had moved to Los Angeles to pursue modeling.
Naya Rivera : She also starred in the music video for the song.
Naya Rivera : She was later featured in episodes of "8 Simple Rules" and "".
Naya Rivera : On February 24, 2015, Rivera announced that she and Dorsey were expecting their first child.
Naya Rivera : She is of Puerto Rican, African American, and German descent.
Naya Rivera : They announced their engagement in October 2013, but ended their relationship in April 2014.
Naya Rivera : Her younger brother is NFL tight end Mychal Rivera, and her younger sister is runway model Nickayla Rivera.
Naya Rivera : However, production on the album "kind of halted" due to "so many things going on," Rivera stated, "Politics got involved so I've been putting it on the back burner; there are a lot of things that I'm doing that I'm excited about."
Naya Rivera : She was hired for a single episode guest appearance on "The Bernie Mac Show" in 2002, but she was brought back to work on a further ten episodes throughout all five seasons.
Naya Rivera : Between 1992 and 2002, she had small roles in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "Family Matters", "Live Shot", "Baywatch", "Smart Guy", "The Jersey", "House Blend", "Even Stevens" and "The Master of Disguise".
Naya Rivera : While Diaz's part is about telling the stories of young dreamers and the fear they have of their mothers being deported, Rivera's PSA is about the problems immigrants deal with or face in the United States.
Naya Rivera : The musical duo 2Cellos released the second single to their second album, a cover of Muse's "Supermassive Black Hole" featuring vocals by Rivera.
Naya Rivera : On May 1, 2014, it was reported that Columbia had dropped Rivera because her debut single had underperformed.
Naya Rivera : Rivera's representative released a statement to news outlets stating that any claims were falsified, and that legal action would be potentially taken to ensure Rivera's creditability; at the time of publishing, Columbia Records could not be reached for comment.
Naya Rivera : Rivera subsequently worked on an immigrant project with Guillermo Diaz, directing a short film PSA about the effect of immigration on children and their parents.
Naya Rivera : Rivera's debut single "Sorry", featuring rapper Big Sean, was released as a digital download on September 17, 2013.
Naya Rivera : In late November 2017, Rivera was arrested and charged in Kanawha County, West Virginia with misdemeanor domestic battery against Dorsey after she allegedly hit him in the head and face during an altercation over their child.
Naya Rivera : Naya Marie Rivera (born January 12, 1987) is an American actress and singer.
Naya Rivera : In May 2011, it was announced that Rivera had signed a deal with Columbia Records to produce a solo album.
Naya Rivera : Rivera appeared in commercials for Kmart as a baby, but her first significant acting job was at age 4 when she appeared as Hillary Winston in "The Royal Family" sitcom in 1991.
Vickie Guerrero : "SmackDown".
Vickie Guerrero : ", and her heel persona.
Vickie Guerrero : When that failed, she cost him the match by pushing over the ladder he was on as he was about to win.
Vickie Guerrero : She is the widow of professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero, which has been occasionally incorporated into WWE storylines.
Vickie Guerrero : Vickie was on the July 14 "SmackDown!"
Vickie Guerrero : Vickie married Eddie Guerrero on April 24, 1990, after three years of dating.
Vickie Guerrero : Afterwards, she attacked Carmella, who entered at number 17, by hitting her with her Money in the Bank briefcase.
Vickie Guerrero : Together, Vickie and Eddie had two daughters: Shaul Marie Guerrero (born October 14, 1990) and Sherilyn Amber Guerrero (born July 8, 1995).
Vickie Guerrero : She then announced that she would move to "Raw" in order to become its new General Manager, subsequently resulting in her being separated from Edge.
Vickie Guerrero : However, Edge lost his title shortly afterwards to CM Punk.
Vickie Guerrero : However, Big Show and her nephew Chavo were also moved to "Raw" during the 2009 WWE Draft and Supplemental Draft, respectively.
Vickie Guerrero : Eddie promised not to reveal the secret should he lose to Mysterio at The Great American Bash, though that turned out to be another one of his character's trademark lies, as Eddie revealed that Dominick was really his (kayfabe) biological son.
Vickie Guerrero : On December 11, 2019, she appeared as a guest commentator for All Elite Wrestling taping of AEW Dark Episode 11 that premiered December 17, 2019 on YouTube.
Vickie Guerrero : A few weeks later, as revenge, Edge attacked the members of La Familia and tipped Vickie from her wheelchair.
Vickie Guerrero : On the August 31 episode of "NXT", it was announced that Vickie would be the storyline mentor of Aloisia for the all-female third season.
Vickie Guerrero : One of her first acts as part of the new group was to help Chavo win the ECW Championship from CM Punk.
Vickie Guerrero : After the match, Long fired Ziggler.
Vickie Guerrero : On November 13, 2005, Eddie Guerrero died of heart failure in his Minneapolis hotel room and was found by his nephew Chavo.
Vickie Guerrero : While being escorted out, Vickie encountered Dolph Ziggler backstage, who denied knowing her at all.
Vickie Guerrero : At the Royal Rumble pay-per-view, Kelly Kelly attacked Guerrero during Ziggler's match with Edge.
Vickie Guerrero : On the April 6 "Raw", Guerrero was given the choice of either being General Manager of "Raw" or "SmackDown".
Vickie Guerrero : On October 27, 2006, Chris Benoit became involved in the storyline.
Vickie Guerrero : At WrestleMania XXV, Edge lost the World Heavyweight title to Cena after Cena pinned Show after Cena delivered the Attitude Adjustment to Edge onto the Big Show.
Vickie Guerrero : On February 23, 2009, she was appointed the interim General Manager of "Raw" during Stephanie McMahon's absence.
Vickie Guerrero : On the July 4, 2016 episode of "Raw", Vickie returned to WWE as a villainess once again, announcing her intentions to become the new "SmackDown" General Manager after the WWE Brand Extension returned on July 19; however, she was escorted out of the arena by two security guards.
Vickie Guerrero : In 2005, Vickie Guerrero made her debut as a face with her husband Eddie Guerrero and Rey Mysterio, when a storyline escalated in which Eddie promised to reveal a secret concerning Mysterio's son, Dominick.
Vickie Guerrero : On the December 10 episode of "Raw", Guerrero defeated AJ with help from Brad Maddox, who was the special referee for the match.
Vickie Guerrero : On June 7 at the Extreme Rules pay-per-view, Vickie lost her "Miss WrestleMania" title to Santina in a hogpen match with Chavo by her side.
Vickie Guerrero : In early 2008, she formed La Familia with her nephew Chavo, Edge, the team of Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder, and later, Bam Neely.
Vickie Guerrero : In May 2007, Kristal, the on-screen girlfriend of General Manager Theodore Long, convinced him to give Guerrero an interview for the position as his assistant.
Vickie Guerrero : At the Royal Rumble, Vickie interfered in the World Heavyweight Championship match between Edge and Rey Mysterio, allowing Edge to retain his title.
Vickie Guerrero : At the end of December, she interfered in a United States Championship match between Chavo and Benoit, which caused Chavo to lose and Benoit to retain the title.
Vickie Guerrero : Vickie Lynn Benson (née Lara, formerly Guerrero; born April 16, 1968) is an American professional wrestling personality and medical administrator who is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling.
Vickie Guerrero : After being insulted for a few weeks because of her weight by Santino Marella, Vickie, with help from William Regal, won the "Miss WrestleMania" crown from Santina Marella, Santino's "twin sister", in a No Disqualification match sanctioned by Chavo on the May 18 episode of "Raw".
Vickie Guerrero : Vickie later reappeared at SummerSlam to convince Eddie to put a stop to his war with Mysterio and not to go through with the "Custody of Dominick" ladder match that night.
Vickie Guerrero : On January 28, 2018, at the Royal Rumble, Guerrero made a surprise entrance at number 16 during the first women's Royal Rumble match, in which she was eliminated by Becky Lynch, Michelle McCool, Ruby Riott, & Sasha Banks in 57 seconds.
Vickie Guerrero : At Survivor Series, Chavo kicked out of an attempted sharpshooter, causing Benoit to knock Vickie off the ring apron and on her head, causing her to begin to wear a neck brace and blame Benoit for "intentionally" hitting her.
Fahriye Evcen : She was born in Solingen, Germany Her maternal family are Circassians, while her paternal family are Turkish immigrants from Kavala, Greece.
Fahriye Evcen : Her first cinematic debut with the movie "Cennet", released in 2008, and at the same year she was cast in a leading role in the movie "Aşk Tutulması".
Fahriye Evcen : As Evcen had not finished her studies in Germany, she enrolled in Boğaziçi University and studied history.
Fahriye Evcen : At young age while she was on a vacation in Turkey, she took part in a program of Oya Aydoğan, who introduced her to producer İbrahim Mertoğlu.
Fahriye Evcen : On 29 June 2017, she married actor and model Burak Özçivit in Istanbul.
Fahriye Evcen : In 2017, she ranked ninth on Buzznet's list of the "World's 30 Most Beautiful Women" in which the likes of Gigi Hadid, Emma Watson, Adriana Lima, Hillary Clinton and Angelina Jolie were also named.
Fahriye Evcen : She later played the character Feride in the TV series "Çalıkuşu" produced by TİMS Productions.
Viviane Asseyi : Due to Quevilly not having a women's section, she played on a mixed team composed mostly of boys.
Viviane Asseyi : Asseyi began her career with amateur club US Quevilly.
Viviane Asseyi : She later joined the women's section of football club FC Rouen, where the youngster scored 23 goals in 28 total appearances.
Viviane Asseyi : Viviane Asseyi (born 20 November 1993 in Mont-Saint-Aignan) is a French football attacking midfielder player who currently plays for French club Bordeaux of the Division 1 Féminine.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson's parents married in 1978; they divorced in 2013.
Jessica Simpson : Their divorce was publicized worldwide and was finalized on June 30, 2006.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson also works with Make A Wish Foundation.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson went on to announce her plans to remain abstinent until marriage as a result of Mottola's decision.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson dated singer-songwriter John Mayer on and off for almost a year from August 2006, nine months after she split from her then husband Nick Lachey.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson filed for divorce in December 2005, citing "irreconcilable differences."
Jessica Simpson : The album itself earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Jessica Simpson : She later starred in the romantic comedy "Employee of the Month" (2006).
Jessica Simpson : Inspired by artists such as Faith Hill, Shania Twain and Martina McBride, Simpson recorded a country music album titled "Do You Know" (2008).
Jessica Simpson : Jessica Ann Simpson was born in Abilene, Texas.
Jessica Simpson : Jessica Ann Johnson (née Simpson; born July 10, 1980) is an American singer, actress, fashion designer, and author.
Jessica Simpson : She ultimately caught the attention of Tommy Mottola, then-husband of Mariah Carey and the head of Columbia Records.
Jessica Simpson : In November 2005, Simpson and Lachey announced they were separating.
Jessica Simpson : In March 2007, Simpson donated a new Chrysler minivan to the Elim orphanage in Nuevo Laredo.
Jessica Simpson : In September 2018, Simpson announced she was pregnant with her third child, a daughter.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson gave birth to a daughter, Maxwell Drew Johnson, on May 1, 2012.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson won a Chrysler Crossfire sports car at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards, but exchanged the $50,000 luxury car for a minivan so she could help the orphanage.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson married singer Nick Lachey on October 26, 2002, after four years of dating.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson and stylist Ken Pavés launched a line of hair and beauty products on the Home Shopping Network in 2006.
Jessica Simpson : She gave birth to their daughter, Birdie Mae Johnson, on March 19, 2019.
Jessica Simpson : Her debut single, "I Wanna Love You Forever" (1999), was released on September 28.
Jessica Simpson : She made her film debut as Daisy Duke in the film adaption of "The Dukes of Hazzard" (2005), a commercial success that received negative reviews from critics.
Jessica Simpson : In a 2015 interview, Simpson called her marriage to Lachey her "biggest financial mistake".
Jessica Simpson : Simpson's debut studio album, "Sweet Kisses" (1999), was released on November 23.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson gave birth to her son, Ace Knute Johnson, on June 30, 2013.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson has a younger sister, Ashlee Simpson.
Jessica Simpson : Simpson went on to star in the reality television series "The Price of Beauty" (2010), and was a judge on two seasons of "Fashion Star" (2012–2013).
Jessica Simpson : To date, Simpson has sold over 15 million albums worldwide.
Jessica Simpson : The album sold over two million copies in the United States, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA; it has sold over four million copies worldwide.
Sasha Grey : The couple split up in 2013.
Sasha Grey : In 2008 Grey announced that she would represent herself in the adult industry through her agency "L.A.
Sasha Grey : In late 2005, she attended Sacramento City College and took classes in film, dance, and acting.
Sasha Grey : Her character was Vincent Chase's new girlfriend in a multi-episode arc.
Sasha Grey : Grey's parents divorced before she started middle school and she was subsequently raised by her mother, who remarried in 2000.
Sasha Grey : Grey announced her retirement from adult films on Facebook in April 2011.
Sasha Grey : Grey – whose original name is Marina Ann Hantzis – was born in North Highlands, California into a working-class family.
Sasha Grey : In 2008, she became the youngest woman to win the AVN Female Performer of the Year Award award.
Sasha Grey : Her second book, an erotic novel titled "The Juliette Society", was released on May 9, 2013.
Sasha Grey : Grey played a fictionalized version of herself in the seventh season of the HBO series "Entourage".
Sasha Grey : The same year, Grey also contributed vocals to the Current 93 album "Aleph at Hallucinatory Mountain".
Sasha Grey : She was in a long-term relationship and engagement with Ian Cinnamon, who is 13 years her senior.
Sasha Grey : Grey's first scene was an orgy with Rocco Siffredi for "Fashionistas Safado: The Challenge" by John Stagliano.
Sasha Grey : Grey was profiled in the December 2008 "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Sasha Grey : Sasha Grey (born Marina Ann Hantzis, March 14, 1988) is an American actress, model, musician, and writer.
Sasha Grey : According to the Narnack Records website, Grey sang as a guest artist on "Repentance" by Lee "Scratch" Perry, though Perry denied her involvement in a 2009 interview.
Sasha Grey : Less than six months after entering the adult industry, Grey was featured in the November 2006 edition of "Los Angeles" where she was flagged as a potentially major star, perhaps the next Jenna Jameson.
Sasha Grey : She considered calling herself Anna Karina, after the French New Wave actress of the same name, before choosing Sasha Grey; "Sasha" was taken from Sascha Konietzko of the band KMFDM, and "Grey" comes from Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" or the Kinsey scale, a measurement of homosexual and heterosexual attraction.
Sasha Grey : In 2008, she began an industrial music collaboration called aTelecine with Pablo St. Francis.
Sasha Grey : In 2014, she starred with Elijah Wood in "Open Windows", which was directed by Nacho Vigalondo.
Sasha Grey : Grey was named "Penthouse"s Pet of the Month for July 2007 and was photographed by fashion photographer Terry Richardson.
Sasha Grey : Sasha Grey appeared in a 2009 episode of "James Gunn's PG Porn" with James Gunn, made a cameo appearance in Dick Rude's 2010 independent film "Quit", and starred in the 2009 Canadian low-budget black comedy/horror film "Smash Cut" with David Hess from Odessa/Zed Filmworks.
Natalia Zhukova : She won several age-group titles as a teenager, at both the European and world levels.
Natalia Zhukova : She was married to Grandmaster Alexander Grischuk.
Natalia Zhukova : She played board one on the winning Ukrainian team at the 2006 Women's Chess Olympiad.
Natalia Zhukova : She won the 1999 EU Cup for Women at Nova Gorica with 5½/7.
Natalia Zhukova : Zhukova has played for the Ukrainian women's national team since age 17 in 1996, the same year she won the Ukrainian women's championship in her debut.
Natalia Zhukova : Natalia Oleksandrivna Zhukova (; born 5 June 1979) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster and two-time European women's champion.
Natalia Zhukova : Zhukova was just 12 years old when she made her debut at the World Youth Championship level at Mamaia 1991, tying for 3rd–4th place in the Girls' U12 group with 7½/11.
Natalia Zhukova : She won the European Youth Championship for Girls U14 at Szombathely 1993 with 7½/9.
Astrid Proll : Proll was the younger sister of Thorwald Proll.
Astrid Proll : She has worked, as recently as 1999, as a picture editor in the United Kingdom.
Astrid Proll : She attempted to flee but was surrounded by armed officers and arrested.
Astrid Proll : During this time, she tried to maintain a low profile in spite of working as a mechanic, an atypical female occupation then and now.
Astrid Proll : She was imprisoned but released on health grounds (being kept in complete acoustic isolation in prison caused her health to deteriorate) and transferred to a sanatorium.
Astrid Proll : She did not rejoin the Baader-Meinhof Gang.
Astrid Proll : She herself decided to return to West Germany in 1979 to fight her case there.
Astrid Proll : Once she was detained, her run-in with the police in February was turned into an attempted murder charge even though she never even fired a shot.
Astrid Proll : During a radio chat show, when asked if she was "terribly ashamed" of being associated with the RAF, Proll said she was not, but went on to say that she did disapprove of their increasingly violent acts.
Astrid Proll : In London, a marriage to Robin Puttick allowed her to obtain new identity documents as Anna Puttick.
Astrid Proll : She worked for six months as a park-keeper for Hackney Council, and for a year in Lesney's toy factory.
Astrid Proll : While at the sanatorium, Proll was required to report to the police, but she soon escaped and went underground.
Astrid Proll : Proll was involved in bank robbery.
Astrid Proll : Proll participated in interviews about her time in the Baader-Meinhof Gang and has published a photography-based book about the gang entitled "Pictures on the Run".
Astrid Proll : On 15 September 1978 Proll was discovered and arrested by the Special Branch of the police after approaching the authorities with an enquiry.
Astrid Proll : However in Hamburg on 6 May of the same year, Proll was finally arrested after a pump attendant at a petrol station recognised her from a wanted poster and alerted the police.
Astrid Proll : Proll, along with Manfred Grashof, was stopped by police on 10 February 1971 but managed to get away.
Astrid Proll : Back in Germany, Proll's attempted murder charge was dropped when it was gathered that the state had withheld information that could have cleared her but she was still sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on account of bank robbery and falsifying documents; however, she had already spent at least two-thirds of that time in German and English prisons and therefore was released immediately.
Astrid Proll : They met Andreas Baader and Gudrun Ensslin through him; Thorwald left the group relatively early in its history, after being involved in firebombings in Frankfurt in 1968.
Nicola Pellow : She wrote the generic Line Mode Browser that could run on non-NeXT systems.
Nicola Pellow : She left CERN at the end of August 1991, but returned to CERN after graduating in 1992, and worked with Robert Cailliau on MacWWW, the first web browser for the classic Mac OS.
Nicola Pellow : Nicola Pellow was one of the nineteen members of the "WWW Project" at CERN working with Tim Berners-Lee.
Maribel Martín : Maribel Martín born Maria Isabel Martínez (1 November 1954 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actress.
Maribel Martín : After her starring role in "Ultimas Tardes con Teresa" (1983) directed by Gonzalo Herralde, she created the production company Ganesh Films with actor Julian Mateos and from then on she has taken roles in some of their production: "Los Santos Inocentes" (1984), by Mario Camus and "El Nino de la Luna" (1989), a film directed by Agusti Villaronga.
Chelsea Manning : No amount of information on the alt-right is worth losing the trust of my supporters."
Chelsea Manning : Manning's offenses carried a maximum sentence of 90 years.
Chelsea Manning : On August 14, Manning apologized to the court: "I am sorry that my actions hurt people.
Chelsea Manning : The trial began on June 3, 2013.
Chelsea Manning : The government asked for 60 years as a deterrent to others, while Manning's lawyer asked for no more than 25 years.
Chelsea Manning : On March 10, State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley criticized Manning's treatment as "ridiculous, counterproductive and stupid".
Chelsea Manning : Chelsea Elizabeth Manning (born Bradley Edward Manning, December 17, 1987) is an American activist and whistleblower.
Chelsea Manning : In January 2011 Amnesty International asked the British government to intervene because of Manning's status as a British citizen by descent, although Manning's lawyer said Manning did not regard herself as a British citizen.
Chelsea Manning : On January 17, 2017, President Barack Obama commuted Manning's sentence to nearly seven years of confinement dating from her arrest on May 27, 2010.
Chelsea Manning : On August 22, 2013, the day after sentencing, Manning's attorney issued a press release to the "Today" show announcing that his client was a female, and asked that she be referred to by her new name of Chelsea and feminine pronouns.
Chelsea Manning : Manning was arrested by the Army's Criminal Investigation Command, on May 27, 2010, and transferred four days later to Camp Arifjan in Kuwait.
Chelsea Manning : Manning was charged with 22 offenses, including aiding the enemy, which was the most serious charge and could have resulted in a death sentence.
Manon Melis : Gabriëlla Maria "Manon" Melis (; born 31 August 1986) is a former Dutch professional footballer who last played as a forward for the Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League.
Valérie Fourneyron : In 2008, she campaigned for the municipal election in Rouen.
Valérie Fourneyron : Valérie Fourneyron ( ; born 4 October 1959) is a French politician.
Valérie Fourneyron : On 16 May 2012, she was appointed Minister of Sports, Youth, Popular Education and Community Life.
Kim Campbell : She became the school's first female student president, and graduated in 1964.
Kim Campbell : It was the worst defeat in party history, and the worst defeat ever suffered by a Canadian governing party at the federal level.
Kim Campbell : Campbell was elected in the 1988 federal election as the member of parliament (MP) from Vancouver Centre.
Kim Campbell : She earned an honours bachelor's degree in political science from the University of British Columbia, graduating in 1969.
Kim Campbell : Campbell and her family moved to Vancouver, where she attended Prince of Wales Secondary School and was a top student.
Kim Campbell : Avril Phaedra Douglas "Kim" Campbell (born March 10, 1947) is a Canadian politician, diplomat, lawyer and writer who served as the 19th prime minister of Canada from June 25, 1993, to November 4, 1993.
Kim Campbell : In 1989 she was appointed to the cabinet as Minister of State (Indian Affairs and Northern Development), a junior role to the Minister of Indian and Northern Affairs.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : They should be appreciated too.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : There should be room for single research and collaborative research»."
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Some people want individual character and an individual way of working things out.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Mathematical research is not just a scientific approach; the nature of mathematics is sometimes close to that of art.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : At Berkeley, Chang wrote her thesis on the study of bounded analytic functions.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Working with her husband Paul Yang and others, she produced contributions to differential equations in relation to geometry and topology.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Chang’s research interests include the study of geometric types of nonlinear partial differential equations and problems in isospectral geometry.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : In 2004, she was interviewed by Yu Kiang Leong for "Creative Minds, Charmed Lives: Interviews at Institute for Mathematical Sciences, National University of Singapore", and she declared:"«In the mathematical community, we should leave room for people who want to do work in their own way.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Sun-Yung Alice Chang (; born 1948) is a Taiwanese American mathematician specializing in aspects of mathematical analysis ranging from harmonic analysis and partial differential equations to differential geometry.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : She teaches at Princeton University as of 1998.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : She is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : She received her Bachelor of Science degree in 1970 from National Taiwan University, and her doctorate in 1974 from the University of California, Berkeley.
Sun-Yung Alice Chang : Before that, she held visiting positions at University of California-Berkeley; Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, N.J.; and Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich, Switzerland.
Meglena Kuneva : Kuneva was decisively approved by the European Parliament on 12 December 2006 with 583 votes "in favour", 21 votes "against" and 28 votes "abstentions".
Meglena Kuneva : She graduated in Law from Sofia University in 1981, and in 1984 she became a Doctor of Law.
Meglena Kuneva : Meglena Shtilianova Kuneva (; born 22 June 1957) is a Bulgarian and EU politician.
Meglena Kuneva : In June 2001 she was elected a "deputy" (Member of Bulgarian Parliament) as a founding member of the Liberal Simeon II National Movement (NDSV) party.
Meglena Kuneva : She commenced her mandate as EU Commissioner on 1 January 2007, when Bulgaria officially joined the EU.
Meglena Kuneva : In August 2001 Kuneva left her position in the Bulgarian parliament because she was appointed Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Chief Negotiator of the Republic of Bulgaria with the European Union.
Meglena Kuneva : In May 2002 she was appointed Bulgaria's first Minister of European Affairs in the government of former Tsar Simeon Sakskoburggotski.
Ruth Beitia : Nevertheless, a few days after Beitia stepped down and informed Casado of her decision to "leave politics due to strictly personal and family reasons".
Ruth Beitia : She announced her retirement from competition in October 2017, following a rheumatoid arthritis process.
Ruth Beitia : Ruth Beitia Vila (; born 1 April 1979) is a retired high jumper who is currently the reigning Olympic champion in the women's high jump.
Ruth Beitia : In September 2018, Beitia was appointed a member of the national PP's executive board by leader Pablo Casado, serving as Secretary of Sport.
Ruth Beitia : In January 2019, the PP announced her advance on the list for the 2019 election to first place, thus becoming the party's candidate for President of Cantabria.
Heather Vandeven : Heather Vandeven (born September 6, 1981) is an American model, mainstream actress, and pornographic actress.
Heather Vandeven : After graduating from high school at age 17, Vandeven served in the United States Army for two and a half years, where she worked in food inspection.
Heather Vandeven : She was chosen as a "Penthouse" Pet of the Month in 2006 and later became the magazine's 2007 Pet of the Year.
Dannii Minogue : Minogue remained on the programme for only a year.
Dannii Minogue : From the age of 7, she appeared in several soap operas, including "Skyways" and "The Sullivans".
Dannii Minogue : In 1982, she joined the weekly music programme "Young Talent Time".
Dannii Minogue : She proved to be popular among Australian audiences when she was nominated for a Silver Logie as the Most Popular Actress on Australian television.
Dannii Minogue : Minogue began her career as a child on Australian television.
Dannii Minogue : Minogue recorded her first solo recordings for the programme, including a cover version of Madonna's hit single "Material Girl"; during this time, she also performed live at several sold-out nationwide concert tours.
Dannii Minogue : In 1988, Minogue departed from "Young Talent Time" to continue her acting career, appearing as the rebellious tomboyish teenager Emma Jackson on the soap opera "Home and Away" in 1989.
Dannii Minogue : Danielle Jane Minogue (born 20 October 1971) is an Australian singer, songwriter, actress, model and media personality.
Dannii Minogue : She is the youngest of three children, born between 1968 and 1971; oldest sibling Kylie Minogue is also a pop singer, while brother Brendan is a news cameraman in Australia.
America Ferrera : She made her feature film debut in 2002 with the comedy drama "Real Women Have Curves", winning praise for her performance.
America Ferrera : She announced on her Instagram page on May 29, 2018, that she gave birth to a boy, Sebastian Piers Williams.
America Ferrera : She ventured into television roles and landed the leading part on the ABC comedy drama "Ugly Betty" (2006–2010).
America Ferrera : On January 1, 2020, Ferrera and Williams announced that they were expecting their second child.
America Ferrera : When she was 7, her parents divorced and her father returned to Honduras.
America Ferrera : Ferrera first met actor, director, and writer Ryan Piers Williams when he cast her in a student film at USC.
America Ferrera : Ferrera followed this with roles in television ("Touched by an Angel").
America Ferrera : Ferrera garnered critical acclaim for playing the protagonist of the series Betty Suarez, and won the Best Actress Awards at various award ceremonies in 2007 including the Golden Globe Awards, the Screen Actors Guild Awards, and the Primetime Emmy Award, the first for a Latin woman in the category.
He Kexin : He Kexin (born January 1, 1992) is a Chinese former artistic gymnast who competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
May-Britt Moser : She and her then-husband, Edvard Moser, shared half of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, awarded for work concerning the grid cells in the entorhinal cortex, as well as several additional space-representing cell types in the same circuit that make up the positioning system in the brain.
May-Britt Moser : May-Britt Moser (born 4 January 1963) is a Norwegian psychologist and neuroscientist, who is a Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).
Carmen Fraga Estévez : In addition to her committee assignments, she was also a member of the Delegation for relations with the Maghreb countries and the Arab Maghreb Union (including Libya).
Carmen Fraga Estévez : Carmen Fraga Estévez (born 19 October 1948, in León) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party, who served as a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 until 2014.
Carmen Fraga Estévez : She is the daughter of Manuel Fraga - the late politician and professor.
Tuesday Weld : Since the late 1980s, her acting appearances have been infrequent.
Tuesday Weld : She won a Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Female Newcomer in 1960.
Tuesday Weld : Her work, often as a featured performer in supporting roles, was acknowledged with nominations for a Golden Globe Award for "Play It as It Lays" (1972), a nomination for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977), an Emmy Award for "The Winter of Our Discontent" (1983), and a BAFTA for "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984).
Tuesday Weld : Tuesday Weld (born Susan Ker Weld; August 27, 1943) is a retired American actress.
Tuesday Weld : In the film Connie Francis performed the vocals for Weld's singing parts.
Tuesday Weld : Over the following decade, she established a career playing dramatic roles in films.
Alexandra Daddario : She is of Italian, Irish, English and Slovak/Hungarian descent.
Alexandra Daddario : Daddario was raised on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
Alexandra Daddario : Her brother, Matthew Daddario, is also an actor, and she has a sister named Catharine.
Alexandra Daddario : Her first starring role after "Percy Jackson" was the slasher film "Texas Chainsaw 3D" (2013) as the lead character Heather Miller.
Alexandra Daddario : The following year, she had a lead role as Blake Gaines in the disaster film "San Andreas", alongside Dwayne Johnson.
Virginia Zeani : Zeani made her professional debut in 1948 as Violetta in "La traviata", which would become one of her signature roles; she has since sung the opera over 640 times.
Virginia Zeani : Zeani was born on 21 October 1925 in Solovăstru, a central Transylvania village located in Romania.
Virginia Zeani : Virginia Zeani (born Virginia Zehan; 21 October 1925), Commendatore OMRI is a Romanian-born opera singer who sang leading soprano roles in the opera houses of Europe and North America.
Julie Bishop : Bishop does not have children.
Julie Bishop : An advance media kit for a 2006 speech claimed parts of the contemporary curriculum came "straight from Chairman Mao"; the remark was dropped from her speech.
Julie Bishop : She later clarified her statement, saying, "I have no knowledge of any Australian authority forging any passports of any nation."
Julie Bishop : She later had relationships with Senator Ross Lightfoot and former Lord Mayor of Perth Peter Nattrass.
Julie Bishop : Bishop was appointed Minister for Ageing by Prime Minister John Howard in 2003.
Julie Bishop : Some of Bishop's public comments on education, including the remark that "the states have ideologically hijacked school syllabi and are wasting $180 million in unnecessary duplication", were criticised by teachers.
Julie Bishop : In the 2007 budget, the Federal Government announced a $5 billion "endowment fund" for higher education, with the expressed goal of providing world-class tertiary institutions in Australia.
Julie Bishop : On 16 February 2009, however, she was moved from that position, with widespread media speculation that her colleagues were dissatisfied with her performance in the role.
Julie Bishop : As education minister, Bishop's policies centred on the development of national education standards as well as performance-based pay for teachers.
Julie Bishop : The Rudd Government attacked Bishop over the statements, saying she had "broken a long-standing convention" of not speculating about intelligence practices.
Julie Bishop : In 1996, Bishop attended Harvard Business School for eight weeks to complete the Advanced Management Program for senior managers.
Julie Bishop : In a ballot of Liberal Party room members, Bishop comfortably won with 44 votes, one more than the combined total of her two competitors, Andrew Robb (with 25 votes) and Christopher Pyne (with 18 votes).
Julie Bishop : The new government was sworn into office on 18 September 2013.
Julie Bishop : Bishop was born on 17 July 1956 in Lobethal, South Australia.
Julie Bishop : On 13 April 2007, the Australian State Governments jointly expressed opposition to Bishop's pay policy.
Julie Bishop : In 2010, Bishop defended the suspected forgery of Australian passports by Mossad, saying that many countries practised the forging of passports for intelligence operations, including Australia.
Julie Bishop : After Tony Abbott was elected Liberal Leader following the 2009 leadership spill, Bishop retained her roles as Deputy Leader and Shadow Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Julie Bishop : Robinson Cox merged into the larger firm of Clayton Utz in 1992, and she was made managing partner of the firm's Perth office in 1994.
Julie Bishop : Bishop was born in Lobethal, South Australia, and studied law at the University of Adelaide.
Julie Bishop : On 22 September 2008, Bishop was promoted to the role of Shadow Treasurer by Nelson's successor as Opposition Leader, Malcolm Turnbull, making her the first woman to hold that portfolio.
Julie Bishop : In 1982, aged 26, she became a partner in the firm of Mangan, Ey & Bishop.
Julie Bishop : She was later promoted to Minister for Education and Science and Minister for Women in 2006 and served in those positions until the defeat of the Howard Government at the 2007 federal election.
Julie Bishop : Following the Coalition's narrow loss in the 2010 federal election, Bishop was re-elected unanimously as Deputy Leader by her colleagues and retained the position of Shadow Minister for Foreign Affairs, while also being given the additional responsibility of Shadow Minister for Trade.
Julie Bishop : Bishop is the first woman to formally stand for the leadership of the Liberal Party, and only the second woman to stand for the leadership of one of Australia's two major parties, after the Labor Party's Julia Gillard.
Carola Häggkvist : She grew up in Norsborg, south of the Swedish capital.
Carola Häggkvist : Carola Maria Häggkvist (; born 8 September 1966), also known as simply Carola, is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
Carola Häggkvist : She was married to Runar Søgaard, a Norwegian Christian preacher, with whom she has a son, Amadeus, and a daughter, Zoe, who was adopted from South Africa in 2012.
Carola Häggkvist : The song qualified from the semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest in Athens, in English as "Invincible".
Carola Häggkvist : Häggkvist has represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest on three occasions: in 1983, finishing third; in 1991, winning the contest; and in 2006, finishing fifth, which gives her one of the best track records in Eurovision history.
Siân Phillips : She is a Welsh-speaker: in the first volume of her autobiography "Private Faces" (1999) she notes that she spoke only Welsh for much of her childhood, learning English by listening to the radio.
Siân Phillips : Her third husband was actor Robin Sachs, who was 17 years her junior.
Siân Phillips : The couple divorced in 1979, and Phillips wrote about this tempestuous period of her life in the second volume of her autobiography, "Public Places".
Siân Phillips : Already pregnant with their first child, Phillips married Peter O'Toole in December 1959.
Siân Phillips : Dame Jane Elizabeth Ailwên Phillips, (born 14 May 1933), known professionally as Siân Phillips (), is a Welsh actress.
Zara Tindall : Like her parents, Tindall is an accomplished equestrian.
Zara Tindall : During her schooldays, Tindall excelled at many sporting activities, representing her schools in hockey, athletics and gymnastics.
Zara Tindall : She frequently attends various events for charity and has taken to supporting certain causes herself, mainly for spinal injuries, equestrian charities and children's causes.
Zara Tindall : She later studied at University of Exeter and qualified as a physiotherapist.
Zara Tindall : She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2007 New Year Honours for her services to equestrianism.
Zara Tindall : Tindall went to Beaudesert Park School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, and Port Regis School in Shaftesbury, Dorset, before following other members of the Royal Family in attending Gordonstoun School in Moray, Scotland.
Zara Tindall : In June 2003, she announced that she had secured a sponsorship deal with Cantor Index, a leading company in spread betting, to help cover the costs of her equestrian career.
Zara Tindall : Their wedding was held on 30 July 2011 at the Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh, Scotland, with 400 guests in attendance.
Zara Tindall : She met rugby union player Mike Tindall, who played for Premiership side Gloucester and the England national team during England's Rugby World Cup-winning campaign in Australia in 2003.
Zara Tindall : On 21 December 2010, Buckingham Palace announced the couple's engagement.
Zara Tindall : The same year she was voted 2006 BBC Sports Personality of the Year by the British television viewing public (an award her mother won in 1971).
Zara Tindall : Their next two pregnancies ended in miscarriage before their second daughter, Lena Elizabeth Tindall ( ), was born on 18 June 2018 at the Stroud Maternity Hospital.
Zara Tindall : Riding her horse Toytown, Tindall collected individual and team gold medals at the 2005 European Eventing Championship in Blenheim, and individual gold and team silver medals at the 2006 FEI World Equestrian Games in Aachen, Germany, making her the reigning Eventing World Champion until 2010.
Zara Tindall : Tindall gave birth to a daughter, Mia Grace Tindall ( ), on 17 January 2014 at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
Zara Tindall : She is the daughter of Princess Anne and Mark Phillips and the eldest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II.
Zara Tindall : Tindall herself is godmother to Prince George of Cambridge.
Zara Tindall : Zara Anne Elizabeth Tindall (née Phillips; born 15 May 1981) is a member of the British royal family, an equestrian and Olympian.
Zara Tindall : Tindall has an older brother, Peter Phillips (born 15 November 1977) and two younger half-sisters, Felicity Tonkin (born in 1985 to her father by his brief affair with Heather Tonkin) and Stephanie Phillips, born 2 October 1997 from her father's second marriage to Sandy Pflueger.
Beyoncé : Those are two separate things.
Beyoncé : We're still waiting for the world to catch up."
Beyoncé : Information about the tour was later taken down.
Beyoncé : They are known for their private relationship, although they have appeared to become more relaxed in recent years.
Beyoncé : The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything.
Beyoncé : The album was preceded by two of its singles "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had".
Beyoncé : However, she does not formulate beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.
Beyoncé : It was directed by Ava DuVernay.
Beyoncé : In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under an agreement with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with Columbia Records.
Beyoncé : The girls auditioned before record labels and were finally signed to Elektra Records, moving to Atlanta Records briefly to work on their first recording, only to be cut by the company.
Beyoncé : The festival owners announced that she will instead headline the 2018 festival.
Beyoncé : "Perfect Duet" was released on December 1, 2017.
Beyoncé : She performed "Formation" live for the first time during the NFL Super Bowl 50 halftime show.
Beyoncé : Her performance of April 14, attended by 125,000 festival-goers, was immediately praised, with multiple media outlets describing it as historic.
Beyoncé : The show paid tribute to black culture, specifically historically black colleges and universities and featured a live band with over 100 dancers.
Beyoncé : It also included the successful "Sweet Dreams", and singles "Diva", "Ego", "Broken-Hearted Girl" and "Video Phone".
Beyoncé : In 2011, she appeared on the cover of French fashion magazine "L'Officiel", in blackface and tribal makeup that drew criticism from the media.
Beyoncé : Her vocal abilities mean she is identified as the centerpiece of Destiny's Child.
Beyoncé : The appearance was considered controversial as it appeared to reference the 50th anniversary of the Black Panther Party and the NFL forbids political statements in its performances.
Beyoncé : It became the most successful tour of her career and one of the most successful tours of all time.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé has received numerous awards.
Beyoncé : She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexy", stating, "I'm not like her in real life at all."
Beyoncé : According to Tina, the overall style of the line best reflects her and Beyoncé's taste and style.
Beyoncé : The couple announced the joint tour officially as On the Run II Tour on March 12 and simultaneously released a trailer for the tour on YouTube.
Beyoncé : It turned out to be a one-hour film which aired on HBO exactly a week later; a corresponding album with the same title was released on the same day exclusively on Tidal.
Beyoncé : On February 1, 2017 she revealed on her Instagram account that she was expecting twins.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé's lighter skin color and costuming has drawn criticism from some in the African-American community.
Beyoncé : She is tied with American lyricist Diane Warren at third with nine song-writing credits on number-one singles.
Beyoncé : The move reduced Beyoncé's family's income by half, and her parents were forced to move into separated apartments.
Beyoncé : Upon the announcement of Beyoncé's departure from the festival lineup, ticket prices dropped by 12%.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé is one of the word's best-selling music artists, having sold over 100 million records worldwide.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence.
Beyoncé : This made her the first woman in the chart's history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one.
Beyoncé : This put further strain on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated.
Beyoncé : The collection features sportswear, denim offerings with fur, outerwear and accessories that include handbags and footwear, and are available at department and specialty stores across the US and Canada.
Beyoncé : In February 2010, she announced in an interview with "Allure" magazine that she was comfortable enough with herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce.
Beyoncé : When Beyoncé was eight, she and childhood friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson while at an audition for an all-girl entertainment group.
Beyoncé : To record these, Beyoncé was coached phonetically by American record producer Rudy Perez.
Beyoncé : Emmett Price, a professor of music at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007 that he thinks race plays a role in many of these criticisms, saying white celebrities who dress similarly do not attract as many comments.
Beyoncé : Girl's Tyme failed to win, and Beyoncé later said the song they performed was not good.
Beyoncé : The performance became the most-tweeted about performance of weekend one, as well as the most-watched live Coachella performance and the most-watched live performance on YouTube of all time.
Beyoncé : She has received co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded with Destiny's Child and her solo efforts.
Beyoncé : Mathew is African American, and Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (African, Native American, and French).
Beyoncé : This would make Beyoncé only the second female headliner of the festival since it was founded in 1999.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé has received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances.
Beyoncé : Adele, upon winning her Grammy for Album of the Year, stated "Lemonade" was monumental and more deserving.
Beyoncé : Due to her curves and the term's catchiness, in the 2000s (decade), the media often used the term "Bootylicious" (a portmanteau of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé, the term popularized by Destiny's Child's single of the same name.
Beyoncé : It was later announced on February 23, 2017 that Beyoncé would no longer be able to perform at the festival due to doctor's concerns regarding her pregnancy.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé stated that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy Award, and she feared no one would take her seriously.
Beyoncé : In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford's Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show.
Beyoncé : House of Deréon pieces were exhibited in Destiny's Child's shows and tours, during their "Destiny Fulfilled" era.
Beyoncé : The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", which achieved fame for its intricate choreography and its deployment of jazz hands, was credited by the "Toronto Star" as having started the "first major dance craze of both the new millennium and the Internet", triggering a number of parodies of the dance choreography and a legion of amateur imitators on YouTube.
Beyoncé : On March 20, 2018, the couple traveled to Jamaica to film a music video directed by Melina Matsoukas.
Beyoncé : The following month, Beyoncé performed at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans.
Beyoncé : Offstage Beyoncé says that while she likes to dress sexily, her onstage dress "is absolutely for the stage."
Beyoncé : Immediately following the performance, Beyoncé announced The Formation World Tour, which highlighted stops in both North America, and Europe.
Beyoncé : Franklin was then dismissed, leaving just Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.
Beyoncé : On January 20, 2009, Beyoncé performed James' "At Last" at First Couple Barack and Michelle Obama's first inaugural ball.
Beyoncé : In 2014, she became the highest-paid black musician in history and was listed among "Time"s 100 most influential people in the world for a second year in a row.
Beyoncé : They made their debut appearance at the 2006 BET Awards and re-appeared in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light".
Beyoncé : Beyoncé occupied the sixth place for "Time magazine"s 2016 Person of the Year.
Beyoncé : "Lemonade" became her most critically acclaimed work to date, receiving universal acclaim according to Metacritic, a website collecting reviews from professional music critics.
Beyoncé : On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay-Z married without publicity.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé has also received co-producing credits for most of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo efforts.
Beyoncé : A statement released from a spokesperson for the magazine said that Beyoncé's look was "far from the glamorous Sasha Fierce" and that it was "a return to her African roots".
Beyoncé : She credits Mariah Carey's singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé's second solo album "B'Day" was released on September 4, 2006, in the US, to coincide with her twenty-fifth birthday.
Beyoncé : In February 2011, Beyoncé launched her second fragrance, Heat Rush.
Beyoncé : The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) listed Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s decade, with a total of 64 certifications.
Beyoncé : Additionally, "Lemonade" was streamed 115 million times through Tidal, setting a record for the most-streamed album in a single week by a female artist in history.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé continued her acting career with starring roles in "The Pink Panther" (2006), "Dreamgirls" (2006), and "Obsessed" (2009).
Beyoncé : Beyoncé's name is a tribute to her mother's maiden name.
Beyoncé : The "B'Day Anthology Video Album" showed many instances of fashion-oriented footage, depicting classic to contemporary wardrobe styles.
Beyoncé : The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, with the name paying tribute to Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnèz Deréon, a respected seamstress.
Beyoncé : "Forbes" magazine began reporting on Beyoncé's earnings in 2008, calculating that the $80 million earned between June 2007 to June 2008, for her music, tour, films and clothing line made her the world's best-paid music personality at the time, above Madonna and Celine Dion.
Beyoncé : Following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of the Lee Greenwood song "God Bless the USA", as a charity single to help raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows' and Children's Benefit Fund.
Beyoncé : In 2007, Beyoncé received the International Artist of Excellence award by the American Music Awards.
Beyoncé : In 2007, Beyoncé was featured on the cover of the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and "People" magazine recognized Beyoncé as the best-dressed celebrity.
Beyoncé : After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his Northern California studio and placed them in "Star Search", the largest talent show on national TV at the time.
Beyoncé : On June 26, 2011, she became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years.
Beyoncé : In April 2011, Beyoncé joined forces with US First Lady Michelle Obama and the National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation, to help boost the latter's campaign against child obesity by reworking her single "Get Me Bodied".
Beyoncé : The eight wins made Beyoncé the most awarded artist in the history of the VMAs (24), surpassing Madonna (20).
Beyoncé : While she almost exclusively releases English songs, Beyoncé recorded several Spanish songs for "Irreemplazable" (re-recordings of songs from "B'Day" for a Spanish-language audience), and the re-release of "B'Day".
Beyoncé : In fall of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled in Parker Elementary School, a music magnet school in Houston, where she would perform with the school's choir.
Beyoncé : The band have supported Beyoncé in most subsequent live performances, including her 2007 concert tour The Beyoncé Experience, I Am... World Tour (2009–2010), The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour (2013–2014) and The Formation World Tour (2016).
Beyoncé : It was 2016's third highest-selling album in the US with 1.554 million copies sold in that time period within the country as well as the best-selling album worldwide with global sales of 2.5 million throughout the year.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé and her mother founded their family's company Beyond Productions, which provides the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon, and its junior collection, Deréon.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé donated all proceeds from the song to hurricane charities for those affected by Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma in Texas, Mexico, Puerto Rico, and other Caribbean Islands.
Beyoncé : In 2005, Beyoncé teamed up with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a range of footwear for House of Deréon.
Beyoncé : In 2006, Beyoncé introduced her all-female tour band Suga Mama (also the name of a song on "B'Day") which includes bassists, drummers, guitarists, horn players, keyboardists and percussionists.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé's music is generally R&B, pop and hip hop but she also incorporates soul and funk into her songs.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé starred opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba in the thriller, "Obsessed".
Beyoncé : On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé teamed up with clothing store C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé at their stores in Brazil.
Beyoncé : In 2006, the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her clothing line House of Deréon.
Beyoncé : On November 30, Ed Sheeran announced that Beyoncé would feature on the remix to his song "Perfect".
Beyoncé : On March 5, 2018, a joint tour with Knowles' husband Jay-Z, was leaked on Facebook.
Beyoncé : In September 2017, Beyoncé collaborated with J Balvin and Willy William, to release a remix of the song "Mi Gente".
Beyoncé : In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother launched a new junior apparel label, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for back-to-school selling.
Beyoncé : On February 6, 2016, Beyoncé released "Formation" and its accompanying music video exclusively on the music streaming platform Tidal; the song was made available to download for free.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé's interest in music and performing continued after winning a school talent show at age seven, singing John Lennon's "Imagine" to beat 15/16-year-olds.
Beyoncé : It ended on October 7, with Beyoncé bringing out her husband Jay-Z, Kendrick Lamar, and Serena Williams for the last show.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé starred in the voice over role of Nala in the remake "The Lion King", which was released on July 19, 2019.
Beyoncé : "B'Day" won the award for Best Contemporary R&B Album.
Beyoncé : Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting".
Beyoncé : On March 1, 2018, DJ Khaled released "Top Off" as the first single from his forthcoming album "Father of Asahd" featuring Beyoncé, husband Jay-Z, and Future.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé started a relationship with Jay-Z after their collaboration on "'03 Bonnie & Clyde", which appeared on his seventh album "" (2002).
Beyoncé : Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington, D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.
Beyoncé : After splitting from her manager and father Mathew Knowles in 2010, Beyoncé released "4" (2011), which was influenced by 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul.
Beyoncé : On June 13, 2017, Beyoncé gave birth to twins Rumi and Sir Carter at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California.
Beyoncé : Her mother co-wrote a book, published in 2002, titled "Destiny's Style" an account of how fashion affected the trio's success.
Beyoncé : In 2009, "The Observer" named her the Artist of the Decade and "Billboard" named her the Top Female Artist and Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade.
Beyoncé : In 2010, "Billboard" named her in their Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years list at number 15.
Beyoncé : In January 2017, it was announced that Beyoncé would headline the Coachella Music and Arts Festival.
Beyoncé : On November 10, Eminem released "Walk on Water" featuring Beyoncé as the lead single from his album "Revival".
Beyoncé : Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005.
Beyoncé : Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2006, she released her second solo album, "B'Day", which contained the US number-one single "Irreplaceable", as well as the UK number-one singles "Déjà Vu" and "Beautiful Liar".
Beyoncé : Friend Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé at her live concerts while learning to become a musical performer for the 2010 film "Country Strong".
Beyoncé : In July 2002, Beyoncé made her theatrical film debut, playing Foxxy Cleopatra alongside Mike Myers in the comedy film "Austin Powers in Goldmember", which spent its first weekend atop the US box office and grossed $73 million.
Beyoncé : On April 16, 2016, Beyoncé released a teaser clip for a project called "Lemonade".
Beyoncé : On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina opened the Beyoncé Cosmetology Center at the Brooklyn Phoenix House, offering a seven-month cosmetology training course for men and women.
Beyoncé : With all 12 tracks of "Lemonade" debuting on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, Beyoncé also became the first female act to chart 12 or more songs at the same time.
Beyoncé : Described as being "sexy, seductive and provocative" when performing on stage, Beyoncé has said that she originally created the alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep that stage persona separate from who she really is.
Beyoncé : On April 14, 2018, Beyoncé played the first of two weekends as the headlining act of the Coachella Music Festival.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé further expanded her acting career, starring as blues singer Etta James in the 2008 musical biopic "Cadillac Records".
Beyoncé : Beyoncé voiced Queen Tara in the 3D CGI animated film, "Epic", released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up", co-written with Sia.
Beyoncé : In 2001, she became the first black woman and second female lyricist to win the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers Pop Music Awards.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé was the third woman to have writing credits on three number-one songs ("Irreplaceable", "Grillz" and "Check on It") in the same year, after Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991.
Beyoncé : Several music publications included the album among the best of 2016, including "Rolling Stone", which listed "Lemonade" at number one.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé experienced depression following the split with Luckett and Roberson after being publicly blamed by the media, critics, and blogs for its cause.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter ( ; born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress.
Beyoncé : The single "Drunk in Love", featuring Jay-Z, peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
Beyoncé : "The Writing's on the Wall" sold more than eight million copies worldwide.
Beyoncé : Jarett Wieselman of the "New York Post" placed her at number one on her list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine "Tina" Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager.
Beyoncé : In 2002, she received Songwriter of the Year from American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers becoming the First African American woman to win the award.
Beyoncé : Her marriage to rapper Jay-Z and her portrayal of Etta James in "Cadillac Records" (2008) influenced her third album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008), which earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010.
Beyoncé : In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a "high-style" mobile game with a social networking component, featuring the House of Deréon collection.
Beyoncé : Beyoncé also won home three competitive awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Cinematography for "Pretty Hurts", as well as best collaboration for "Drunk in Love".
Beyoncé : At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for "I Am ... Sasha Fierce", Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others.
Beyoncé : Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love", and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her 2008 album "I Am ... Sasha Fierce".
Beyoncé : In May 2011, "Billboard" magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters, for having co-written eight singles that hit number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
Beyoncé : At the 59th Grammy Awards in February 2017, "Lemonade" led the nominations with nine, including Album, Record, and Song of the Year for "Lemonade" and "Formation" respectively.
Beyoncé : "Lemonade" debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, making Beyoncé the first act in "Billboard" history to have their first six studio albums debut atop the chart; she broke a record previously tied with DMX in 2013.
Beyoncé : The album's visuals were nominated in 11 categories at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards, the most ever received by Beyoncé in a single year, and went on to win 8 awards, including Video of the Year for "Formation".
Beyoncé : The album debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fifth consecutive number-one album in the US.
Wendy Sulca : Journalist Alma Guillermoprieto has described the phenomena of Sulca and En tus Tierras Bailaré as an example of ""the chaotic transformation of a culture that has always had an infinite and joyful capacity for self-invention.
Wendy Sulca : Wendy Sulca Quispe (born 22 April 1996) is a Peruvian singer of Huayno music, who found fame thanks to YouTube, where her videos "La Tetita" ("The tittie"), "Cerveza, Cerveza" ("Beer, beer") and "Papito" ("Daddy") have enjoyed success.
Wendy Sulca : In April 2010 Sulca released the song "En tus Tierras Bailaré" (In your land I shall dance) with the "YouTube stars" Delfín Quishpe and La Tigresa del Oriente.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Her research was directed by James Young, a professor in the MIT Center for Theoretical Physics.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Her father helped her on her interest in science by helping her with projects for her science classes.
Shirley Ann Jackson : degree in 1968, writing her thesis on solid-state physics.
Shirley Ann Jackson : As a postdoctoral researcher of subatomic particles during the 1970s, Jackson studied and conducted research at a number of physics laboratories in both the United States and Europe.
Shirley Ann Jackson : While a student, she did volunteer work at Boston City Hospital and tutored students at the Roxbury YMCA.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Shirley Ann Jackson, (born August 5, 1946) is an American physicist, and the eighteenth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Her parents, Beatrice and George Jackson, strongly valued education and encouraged her in school.
Shirley Ann Jackson : At Roosevelt Senior High School, Jackson attended accelerated programs in both math and science, and graduated in 1964 as valedictorian.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Jackson elected to stay at MIT for her doctoral work, in part to encourage more African American students to attend the institution.
Shirley Ann Jackson : Jackson began classes at MIT in 1964, one of fewer than twenty African-American students and the only one studying theoretical physics.
Shirley Ann Jackson : She worked on elementary particle theory, and received her Ph.D. degree in nuclear physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1973, the first African-American woman to earn a doctorate degree from MIT.
Shirley Ann Jackson : She is also the second African-American woman in the United States to earn a doctorate in physics, and awarded the National Medal of Science.
Harriet Andersson : Harriet Andersson (born 14 February 1932) is a Swedish actress, best known outside Sweden for being part of director Ingmar Bergman's stock company.
Parker Posey : Posey was raised as a Catholic.
Parker Posey : After Posey's birth, her family lived in Monroe, Louisiana for 11 years.
Parker Posey : She has a twin brother, Christopher.
Parker Posey : Posey has lived in both Greenwich Village and the East Village.
Parker Posey : She provided vocals on several of her ex-boyfriend Ryan Adams' records.
Parker Posey : Parker Christian Posey (born November 8, 1968) is an American actress and musician.
Parker Posey : Since 2018 she has starred as Dr Smith on the Netflix series "Lost in Space".
Parker Posey : Posey attended the State University of New York at Purchase, where she studied drama and roomed with actresses Sherry Stringfield and Orlagh Cassidy.
Parker Posey : Throughout the late 1990s, Posey co-starred in 32 independent films and was nicknamed "Queen of the Indies".
Parker Posey : They later moved to Laurel, Mississippi, where her mother worked as a chef and culinary instructor for the Viking Range Corporation in Greenwood, and her father operated a car dealership.
Parker Posey : Posey was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Lynda (née Patton), a chef, and Chris Posey, owner of a car dealership.
Parker Posey : Posey's first major role in a feature film was in "Dazed and Confused" (1993) with Ben Affleck, Matthew McConaughey, and Jason London.
Leticia Calderón : Leticia Calderón ( born Carmen Leticia Calderón León on July 15, 1968 in Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.
Leticia Calderón : In 1997, she was a protagonist in "Esmeralda" alongside Fernando Colunga where she played blind.
Leticia Calderón : Her first protagonist role was in 1987 when she starred in "La indomable" as María Fernanda Villalpando.
Leticia Calderón : In 2008, Leticia participated in the series "Mujeres asesinas," in the first episode of the show originally titled "Sonia desalmanda" next to Juan Soler and Grettel Valdéz.
Leticia Calderón : In 2015, she was confirmed to star in another Carlos Moreno production, "A que no me dejas," alongside Arturo Peniche, Camila Sodi and Osvaldo Benavides.
Elizabeth Gutiérrez : She participated in the second season of the reality show "Protagonistas de Novela".
Elizabeth Gutiérrez : She went on to play the lead in "El fantasma de Elena", her third leading role.
Elizabeth Gutiérrez : Gutiérrez began her work in telenovelas in 2005, playing the villain Isabela in Venevision International's "Olvidarte jamás".
Gigi Fernández : Fernández retired from the professional tour in 1997, and in 1999, she was named Puerto Rico's "Female Athlete of the Century".
Gigi Fernández : Beatriz "Gigi" Fernández (born February 22, 1964) is a Puerto Rican professional tennis player.
Gigi Fernández : She also won two top-level titles and reached the semifinals at Wimbledon in 1994 (ranked 99 becoming the lowest-ranked grand Slam singles semifinalist at Wimbledon) and the quarterfinals at the US Open in 1991 and 1994.
Gigi Fernández : When she turned professional in 1983, she became Puerto Rico's first female professional athlete.
Gigi Fernández : In 1982 at the Central American-Caribbean Games in Cuba, she teamed with Marilda Juliá to win doubles gold and won a silver medal in the singles as well.
Gigi Fernández : Fernández represented Puerto Rico when San Juan played host to the Pan Am Games in 1979.
Gigi Fernández : Fernández won 17 Grand Slam doubles titles and two Olympic gold medals representing the United States, and reached the world No.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : In 1991 and 1994, she was elected professor of the year by matriculating students.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : The particular challenge in law is that antidiscrimination laws look at gender and race separately and consequently African-American women and other women of color experience overlapping forms of discrimination and the law, unaware of how to combine the two, leaves these women with no justice.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : In particular, women were only discussed in literature and poetry classes while men were also discussed in serious politics and economics.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : Crenshaw's focus on intersectionality is on how the law responds to issues that include gender and race discrimination.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : Her work has been cited as influential in the drafting of the equality clause in the Constitution of South Africa.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : In 2001, she wrote the background paper on Race and Gender Discrimination for the United Nations World Conference Against Racism (WCAR), helped to facilitate the addition of gender in its Conference Declaration, served as a member of the National Science Foundation's Committee to Research Violence Against Women and the National Research Council panel on Research on Violence Against Women.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : Her inspiration for the theory started during her college studies, when she realized that the gender aspect of race was extremely underdeveloped, although the school she was attending offered many classes that addressed both race and gender issues.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : While at Harvard Law School, she was one of the founding organizers of the Critical Race Theory Workshop which originated the term.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : Crenshaw was a member of the Domestic Strategy Group at the Aspen Institute from 1992–1995, the Women's Media Initiative, and was a regular commentator on NPR's "The Tavis Smiley Show".
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : from the University of Wisconsin Law School, where she was a William H. Hastie Fellow, and law clerk to Wisconsin Supreme Court Judge Shirley Abrahamson.
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw : from Harvard Law School in 1984, and the next year, an LL.M.
Ségolène Royal : From the late 1970s, Royal was the partner of François Hollande, former President of France, whom she met at ENA.
Ségolène Royal : In 1972, at the age of 19, Royal sued her father because he refused to divorce her mother and pay alimony and child support to finance the children's education.
Ségolène Royal : She was President of the Poitou-Charentes Regional Council from 2004 to 2014.
Ségolène Royal : Her parents had eight children in nine years: Marie-Odette, Marie-Nicole, Gérard, Marie-Ségolène, Antoine, Paul, Henri and Sigisbert.
Catherine Bréchignac : She clashed with Claude Allègre, the minister at the time, over reforms she oversaw at the institution.
Catherine Bréchignac : In 2005 she was elected future president of the International Council for Science (ICSU).
Catherine Bréchignac : She was replaced by Alain Fuchs in 2010, even though she was a candidate to her own succession.
Catherine Bréchignac : In 1989 she became director of the Aimé Cotton laboratory, and was Director General of the CNRS from 1997 to 2000.
Catherine Bréchignac : According to the International Council for Science, Bréchignac co-founded the field of cluster physics, which straddles the gap between atomic, molecular and solid-state physics.
Catherine Bréchignac : She became President of the "Institut d'optique théorique et appliquée" ("Institute of Optical Theory and Practice") in 2003 and of the "Palais de la découverte" ("Palace of Discovery") in 2004.
Catherine Bréchignac : Daughter of the physicist Jean Teillac and alumnus of the "École Normale Supérieure de Fontenay-aux-Roses", Catherine Bréchignac received her "DEA" (Masters-level qualification) at the "Faculté des sciences d'Orsay" in 1971, her doctorate in 1977, and became a Research Director in 1985.
Carmen Electra : On July 17, 2006, she and Navarro announced their separation, and Electra filed for divorce on August 10, 2006; it was finalized on February 20, 2007.
Carmen Electra : She and Rodman wed in November 1998 at Little Chapel of the Flowers in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Carmen Electra : In 1995, Electra started appearing in television shows.
Carmen Electra : In May 1996, she was featured in a nude pictorial in "Playboy" magazine, the first of several.
Carmen Electra : The couple documented their courtship and marriage in an MTV reality television show called "".
Carmen Electra : Tara Leigh Patrick (born April 20, 1972), known professionally as Carmen Electra, is an American model, actress, television personality, singer and dancer.
Carmen Electra : She began her career as a singer after moving to Minneapolis, where she met Prince, who produced her self-titled debut studio album.
Carmen Electra : This exposure led to higher profile television appearances, including "Baywatch" (cast member in 1997–1998, as Lani McKenzie) and MTV's "Singled Out".
Carmen Electra : During this time, Electra had been dating NBA star Dennis Rodman.
Carmen Electra : On November 22, 2003, Electra married Dave Navarro, lead guitarist for the rock band Jane's Addiction.
Carmen Electra : Soon after, Electra signed a recording contract with Prince's Paisley Park Records and began a short-lived singing career.
Carmen Electra : That same year, she joined the voice cast of the animated series "Tripping the Rift", replacing Gina Gershon as the voice of the sexy android "Six".
Glory Alozie : While representing Nigeria she became African champion twice, and she still holds the African record and Commonwealth record at 100 metres hurdles.
Glory Alozie : On 6 July 2001 she officially became a Spanish citizen and she won the gold medal at the 2002 European Athletics Championships the year after.
Glory Alozie : Glory Alozie Oluchi (born 30 December 1977 in Amator, Abia State) is a Nigerian-born Spanish track and field athlete competing mostly in hurdling.
Du Li : However, she fought back to win a gold medal in the women's 50 metre rifle three positions competition, setting a new Olympic record in the process.
Du Li : Du Li competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she won the gold medal in the women's 10 metre air rifle competition.
Du Li : On November 29, 2009, Du married fellow Chinese Olympic shooting champion Pang Wei in Baoding, Hebei.
Du Li : She later won a silver medal on 6 August 2016 after being second to Virginia Thrasher in the final.
Anna Simó : Corominas was charged with disobeying an order of the Constitutional Court (article 410 of the criminal code).
Anna Simó : She is a member of several associations, including "Ca la Dona" (Woman's House), the "Centre Catòlic de L'Hospitalet" (Catholic Center of L'Hospitalet) and the "Centre d’Estudis de L'Hospitalet" (L'Hospitalet Studies Center).
Anna Simó : She has also been affiliated with the CONC, a Catalan union confederated with the CCOO, since 1990, and served on the works council of the Linguistic Normalisation Consortium.
Anna Simó : Anna Simó earned an undergraduate degree in Catalan philology from the University of Barcelona in 1991 and went on to complete a post-degree program in language planning at the same university in 1992.
Anna Simó : From 1990 to 2003, she worked for the Linguistic Normalisation Consortium ("Consorci per a la normalització lingüística"), including a stint as the head of the Linguistic Normalisation Center in the Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona.
Anna Simó : Anna Simó i Castelló (born 26 July 1968) is a Spanish Catalan politician.
Anna Simó : Simó was elected to the city council of l'Hospitalet in May 2003 and named to the local council of the Barcelonès "comarca", resigning both posts when she entered the Catalan government later that year.
Anna Simó : She has been a member of the ERC's national council since 1994 and of its national executive council since 1998, serving as the party's national secretary for social policy from 2001 to 2004.
Anna Simó : A member of the Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC), she became the Minister of Social Welfare and Family Affairs of the Generalitat de Catalunya in 2003 as part of the first "Tripartite" coalition government formed by the Socialists' Party of Catalonia, ERC and Initiative for Catalonia Greens, a position she held until ERC's ministers were removed from the government in May 2006.
Lindsay Duncan : Aged by make-up, she played Lord Longford's wife, Elizabeth, in the TV film "Longford".
Lindsay Duncan : Lindsay Vere Duncan, (born 7 November 1950) is a British actress.
Lindsay Duncan : Duncan played Servilia Caepionis in the 2005 HBO-BBC series "Rome" and she starred as Rose Harbinson in "Starter for 10".
Lindsay Duncan : At the same time her television work included a filmed version of Frederick Lonsdale's "On Approval" (1982), "Reilly, Ace of Spies" (1983) and "Dead Head" (1985).
Lindsay Duncan : She played Queen Annis, ruler of Caerleon and antagonist of Merlin, in the 5th episode of the fourth series of BBC1's "Merlin".
Lene Hau : Her formalized training is in theoretical physics but her interest moved to experimental research in an effort to create a new form of matter known as a Bose–Einstein condensate.
Lene Hau : Lene Vestergaard Hau (born November 13, 1959 in Vejle, Denmark) is a Danish physicist who is currently the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and of Applied Physics at Harvard University.
Lene Hau : She was also awarded tenure in 1999, and is now Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and Applied Physics at Harvard.
Lene Hau : She received a PhD from Aarhus University.
Lene Hau : In 1999, Hau accepted a two-year appointment as a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University.
Laurie Anderson : Anderson was born in Glen Ellyn, Illinois, on June 5, 1947, the daughter of Mary Louise (née Rowland) and Arthur T. Anderson.
Laurie Anderson : Anderson met singer-songwriter Lou Reed in 1992, and was married to him from 2008 until his death in 2013.
Laurie Anderson : It uses recorded magnetic tape in place of the traditional horsehair in the bow, and a magnetic tape head in the bridge.
Martha Nussbaum : This cognitive response is in itself irrational, because we cannot transcend the animality of our bodies.
Martha Nussbaum : Her interpretation of Plato's "Symposium" in particular drew considerable attention.
Martha Nussbaum : The article also argues that the book is marred by factual errors and inconsistencies.
Martha Nussbaum : Her reviews in national newspapers and magazines garnered unanimous praise.
Martha Nussbaum : "Sex and Social Justice" was highly praised by critics in the press.
Martha Nussbaum : It garnered wide praise in academic reviews, and even drew acclaim in the popular media.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum's work was received with wide praise.
Martha Nussbaum : At the same time, Nussbaum also censured certain scholarly trends.
Martha Nussbaum : In the 1970s and early 1980 she taught philosophy and classics at Harvard, where she was denied tenure by the Classics Department in 1982.
Martha Nussbaum : She was married to Alan Nussbaum from 1969 until they divorced in 1987, a period which also saw her conversion to Judaism, and the birth of her daughter Rachel.
Martha Nussbaum : She has a particular interest in ancient Greek and Roman philosophy, political philosophy, feminism, and ethics, including animal rights.
Martha Nussbaum : To Devlin, the mere fact some people or act may produce popular emotional reactions of disgust provides an appropriate guide for legislating.
Martha Nussbaum : "The New York Times" praised the work as "elegantly written and carefully argued".
Martha Nussbaum : "From Disgust to Humanity" earned acclaim in the United States, and prompted interviews in "The New York Times" and other magazines.
Martha Nussbaum : After studying at Wellesley College for two years, dropping out to pursue theatre in New York, she studied theatre and classics at New York University, getting a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1969, and gradually moved to philosophy while at Harvard University, where she received a Master of Arts degree in 1972 and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1975, studying under G. E. L. Owen.
Martha Nussbaum : Among the people whose books she has reviewed critically are Allan Bloom, Harvey Mansfield, and Judith Butler.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum was the 2002 recipient of the University of Louisville Grawmeyer Award in Education.
Martha Nussbaum : Salon declared: "She shows brilliantly how sex is used to deny some people—i.e., women and gay men—social justice."
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum was born on May 6, 1947, in New York City, the daughter of George Craven, a Philadelphia lawyer, and Betty Warren, an interior designer and homemaker.
Martha Nussbaum : "The Fragility of Goodness: Luck and Ethics in Greek Tragedy and Philosophy" confronts the ethical dilemma that individuals strongly committed to justice are nevertheless vulnerable to external factors that may deeply compromise or even negate their human flourishing.
Martha Nussbaum : Her book "From Disgust to Humanity: Sexual Orientation and the Constitution" was published by Oxford University Press in 2009, as part of their "Inalienable Rights" series, edited by Geoffrey Stone.
Martha Nussbaum : Camille Paglia credited "Fragility" with matching "the highest academic standards" of the twentieth century, and "The Times Higher Education" called it "a supremely scholarly work".
Martha Nussbaum : Her 1986 book "The Fragility of Goodness", on ancient Greek ethics and Greek tragedy, made her a well-known figure throughout the humanities.
Martha Nussbaum : In the 2010 book "From Disgust to Humanity: Sexual Orientation and Constitutional Law" Nussbaum analyzes the role that disgust plays in law and public debate in the United States.
Martha Nussbaum : "Sex and Social Justice" sets out to demonstrate that sex and sexuality are morally irrelevant distinctions that have been artificially enforced as sources of social hierarchy; thus, feminism and social justice have common concerns.
Martha Nussbaum : The book primarily analyzes constitutional legal issues facing gay and lesbian Americans but also analyzes issues such as anti-miscegenation statutes, segregation, antisemitism and the caste system in India as part of its broader thesis regarding the "politics of disgust".
Martha Nussbaum : Alcibiades's presence deflects attention back to physical beauty, sexual passions, and bodily limitations, hence highlighting human fragility.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum's reputation extended her influence beyond print and into television programs like PBS's Bill Moyers.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum also refines the concept of "objectification", as originally advanced by Catharine MacKinnon and Andrea Dworkin.
Martha Nussbaum : "Fragility" brought attention to Nussbaum throughout the humanities.
Martha Nussbaum : She identifies the "politics of disgust" closely with Lord Devlin and his famous opposition to the Wolfenden report, which recommended decriminalizing private consensual homosexual acts, on the basis that those things would "disgust the average man".
Martha Nussbaum : At the same time, Nussbaum argues in support of the legalization of prostitution, a position she reiterated in a 2008 essay following the Spitzer scandal, writing: "The idea that we ought to penalize women with few choices by removing one of the ones they do have is grotesque."
Martha Nussbaum : He rebukes her for "contempt for the opinions of ordinary people" and ultimately accuses Nussbaum herself of "hiding from humanity".
Martha Nussbaum : These legal restrictions include blocking sexual orientation being protected under anti-discrimination laws (see "Romer v. Evans"), sodomy laws against consenting adults (See: "Lawrence v. Texas"), constitutional bans against same-sex marriage (See: California Proposition 8 (2008)), over-strict regulation of gay bathhouses, and bans on sex in public parks and public restrooms.
Martha Nussbaum : Under Nussbaum's consciousness of vulnerability, the re-entrance of Alcibiades at the end of the dialogue undermines Diotima's account of the ladder of love in its ascent to the non-physical realm of the forms.
Martha Nussbaum : Turning to shame, Nussbaum argues that shame takes too broad a target, attempting to inculcate humiliation on a scope that is too intrusive and limiting on human freedom.
Martha Nussbaum : One conservative magazine, "The American Spectator", offered a dissenting view, writing: "[H]er account of the 'politics of disgust' lacks coherence, and 'the politics of humanity' betrays itself by not treating more sympathetically those opposed to the gay rights movement."
Martha Nussbaum : Drawing upon her earlier work on the relationship between disgust and shame, Nussbaum notes that at various times, racism, antisemitism, and sexism, have all been driven by popular revulsion.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum is even more critical of figures like Allan Bloom, Roger Kimball, and George Will for what she considers their "shaky" knowledge of non-Western cultures and inaccurate caricatures of today's humanities departments.
Martha Nussbaum : Rebutting anti-universalist objections, Nussbaum proposes functional freedoms, or central human capabilities, as a rubric of social justice.
Martha Nussbaum : Patrick Hopkins singled out for praise Nussbaum's "masterful" chapter on sexual objectification.
Martha Nussbaum : Her characterization of pornography as a tool of objectification puts Nussbaum at odds with sex-positive feminism.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum has recently drawn on and extended her work on disgust to produce a new analysis of the legal issues regarding sexual orientation and same-sex conduct.
Martha Nussbaum : Noting how projective disgust has wrongly justified group subordination (mainly of women, Jews, and homosexuals), Nussbaum ultimately discards disgust as a reliable basis of judgment.
Martha Nussbaum : "The Boston Globe" called her argument "characteristically lucid" and hailed her as "America's most prominent philosopher of public life".
Martha Nussbaum : Furthermore, Nussbaum argues this "politics of disgust" has denied and continues to deny citizens humanity and equality before the law on no rational grounds and causes palpable social harms to the groups affected.
Martha Nussbaum : Kathryn Trevenen praised Nussbaum's effort to shift feminist concerns toward interconnected transnational efforts, and for explicating a set of universal guidelines to structure an agenda of social justice.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum sides with John Stuart Mill in narrowing legal concern to acts that cause a distinct and assignable harm.
Martha Nussbaum : In place of this "politics of disgust", Nussbaum argues for the harm principle from John Stuart Mill as the proper basis for limiting individual liberties.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum argues that individuals tend to repudiate their bodily imperfection or animality through the projection of fears about contamination.
Martha Nussbaum : More broadly, Nussbaum criticized Michel Foucault for his "historical incompleteness [and] lack of conceptual clarity", but nevertheless singled him out for providing "the only truly important work to have entered philosophy under the banner of 'postmodernism.'"
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum notes that popular disgust has been used throughout history as a justification for persecution.
Martha Nussbaum : She excoriated deconstructionist Jacques Derrida saying "on truth [he is] simply not worth studying for someone who has been studying Quine and Putnam and Davidson".
Martha Nussbaum : "The New York Times" praised "Cultivating Humanity" as "a passionate, closely argued defense of multiculturalism" and hailed it as "a formidable, perhaps definitive defense of diversity on American campuses".
Martha Nussbaum : She also identifies the 'wisdom of repugnance' as advocated by Leon Kass as another "politics of disgust" school of thought as it claims that disgust "in crucial cases ... repugnance is the emotional expression of deep wisdom, beyond reason's power fully to articulate it".
Martha Nussbaum : "Hiding from Humanity" extends Nussbaum's work in moral psychology to probe the arguments for including two emotions—shame and disgust—as legitimate bases for legal judgments.
Martha Nussbaum : In academic circles, Stefanie A. Lindquist of Vanderbilt University lauded Nussbaum's analysis as a "remarkably wide ranging and nuanced treatise on the interplay between emotions and law".
Martha Nussbaum : She eventually rejects the Platonic notion that human goodness can fully protect against peril, siding with the tragic playwrights and Aristotle in treating the acknowledgment of vulnerability as a key to realizing the human good.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum goes on to explicitly oppose the concept of a disgust-based morality as an appropriate guide for legislating.
Martha Nussbaum : A prominent exception was Roger Kimball's review published in "The New Criterion", in which he accused Nussbaum of "fabricating" the renewed prevalence of shame and disgust in public discussions and says she intends to "undermine the inherited moral wisdom of millennia".
Martha Nussbaum : Radical feminist Andrea Dworkin faulted Nussbaum for "consistent over-intellectualisation of emotion, which has the inevitable consequence of mistaking suffering for cruelty".
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum has engaged in many spirited debates with other intellectuals, in her academic writings as well as in the pages of semi-popular magazines and book reviews and, in one instance, when testifying as an expert witness in court.
Martha Nussbaum : Noting the Greek cynic philosopher Diogenes' aspiration to transcend "local origins and group memberships" in favor of becoming "a citizen of the world", Nussbaum traces the development of this idea through the Stoics, Cicero, and eventually the classical liberalism of Adam Smith and Immanuel Kant.
Martha Nussbaum : Emphasizing that female genital mutilation is carried out by brute force, its irreversibility, its non-consensual nature, and its links to customs of male domination, Nussbaum urges feminists to confront female genital mutilation as an issue of injustice.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum defines the idea of treating as an object with seven qualities: instrumentality, denial of autonomy, inertness, fungibility, violability, ownership, and denial of subjectivity.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum also argues that legal bans on polygamy and certain forms of incestuous (e.g.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum posits that the fundamental motivations of those advocating legal restrictions against gay and lesbian Americans is a "politics of disgust".
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum champions multiculturalism in the context of ethical universalism, defends scholarly inquiry into race, gender, and human sexuality, and further develops the role of literature as narrative imagination into ethical questions.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum argues the harm principle, which supports the legal ideas of consent, the age of majority, and privacy, protects citizens while the "politics of disgust" is merely an unreliable emotional reaction with no inherent wisdom.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum condemns the practice of female genital mutilation, citing deprivation of normative human functioning in its risks to health, impact on sexual functioning, violations of dignity, and conditions of non-autonomy.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum notes that liberalism emphasizes respect for "others" as individuals, and further argues that Jaggar has elided the distinction between individualism and self-sufficiency.
Martha Nussbaum : Nussbaum discusses at length the feminist critiques of liberalism itself, including the charge advanced by Alison Jaggar that liberalism demands ethical egoism.
Virginie Despentes : She was named a member of the Académie Goncourt on January 5, 2016.
Virginie Despentes : She is one of the most popular French authors from this era.
Virginie Despentes : Virginie Despentes (; born 13 June 1969) is a French writer, novelist, and filmmaker.
Virginie Despentes : Despentes settled in Lyon, where she worked as a maid, a prostitute in "massage parlors" and peep shows, a sales clerk in a record store, and a freelance rock journalist and pornographic film critic.
Virginie Despentes : In 2000, she directed her first film, "Baise-moi", an adaptation of her own novel, co-directed with former pornographic actress Coralie Trinh Thi.
Vanesa Amorós : Vanesa Amorós Quiles (born 7 December 1982 in Elche, Alicante province, Valencian Community, Spain) is a former Spanish handball player.
Melissa Rauch : On December 4, 2017 Rauch announced on Instagram that she had given birth to a girl named Sadie.
Melissa Rauch : Rauch graduated from Marymount Manhattan College in New York City in 2002.
Melissa Rauch : In 2009, Rauch began playing the recurring role of Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz, a co-worker of Penny's at The Cheesecake Factory who began to date Howard Wolowitz, in the third season of TV's "The Big Bang Theory".
Melissa Rauch : Melissa Ivy Rauch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress.
Rebecca Twigg : Rebecca Twigg (born March 26, 1963) is an American former racing cyclist, who won six world track cycling championships in the individual pursuit.
Rebecca Twigg : She also won 16 US championships (the first – the individual time trial – when she was 18) and two Olympic medals, the silver medal in the 1984 road race in Los Angeles, and a bronze medal in the pursuit in Barcelona in 1992.
Jennifer Heil : Jennifer Heil (born April 11, 1983) is a Canadian freestyle skier from Spruce Grove, Alberta.
Anita Heiss : Dr Anita Marianne Heiss (born 1968) is an Australian author, poet, cultural activist and social commentator whose work spans non-fiction, historical fiction, commercial women’s fiction, poetry, social commentary and travel articles.
Lisa Marie Presley : After her parents divorced, she lived with her mother.
Lisa Marie Presley : 9 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart.
Lisa Marie Presley : Elvis Presley had originally released the single in 1969.
Lisa Marie Presley : Presley officially defected from the church in 2016, though she had been experiencing growing dissent with Scientology as far back as 2008.
Lisa Marie Presley : She is the only child of singer and actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley, as well as the sole heir to her father's estate.
Lisa Marie Presley : Lisa Marie Presley (born February 1, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter.
Sylvana Tomaselli : Tomaselli has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society.
Sylvana Tomaselli : She is a founding member of the European Centre for the Philosophy of Gender, Siegen, Germany, and is currently Director of Studies in History Part I and Social & Political Sciences at St John's College in the University of Cambridge.
Sylvana Tomaselli : She married firstly, on 25 December 1977 at Vancouver, John Paul Jones, son of Captain Geoffrey Jones of Barbados, but they divorced in 1981 without children.
Sylvana Tomaselli : Sylvana Palma Windsor, Countess of St Andrews ("née" Tomaselli, previously Jones; born 28 May 1957) is a Canadian-born academic and historian.
Diana López : Diana López (born January 7, 1984) is an American Olympic Taekwondo competitor from Sugar Land, Texas.
Diana López : She represented the United States at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where she won a bronze medal.
Jasbir Puar : She critiques the deployment of homonationalism in the United States as a justification to violently implement the doctrine of American exceptionalism embodied in the War on Terror.
Jasbir Puar : in Women's Studies from the University of York and completed her Ph.D. in Ethnic Studies at University of California at Berkeley in 1999.
Jasbir Puar : This oppression serves as an excuse for the United States to “liberate” oppressed women and sexual deviants in these countries, simultaneously papering over sexual inequality in the United States.
Jasbir Puar : Jasbir K. Puar is a U.S.-based queer theorist and Professor and Graduate Director of Women’s and Gender Studies at Rutgers University, where she has been a faculty member since 2000.
Jasbir Puar : Through an analysis of the American response to the Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse in 2004, she contends that contemporary discourses of Muslim sexuality only mask and reproduce an underlying belief in American exceptionalism.
Jasbir Puar : The United States flaunts its supposedly liberal openness to homosexuality to secure its identity in contradistinction to sexual oppression in Muslim countries.
Jasbir Puar : United States exceptionalism and homonationalism are mutually constitutive, blending discourses of American Manifest Destiny, racist foreign policy, and an urge to document the unknown (embodied in the terrorist) and conquer it through queering its identity, hence rendering it manageable and knowable.
Jasbir Puar : Her focus is on terrorist corporealities in opposition to "normative patriot bodies", and she argues that "discourses of counterterrorism are intrinsically gendered, raced, sexualized, and nationalized".
Jasbir Puar : Puar argues that traditional heteronormative ideologies now find accompaniment from "homonormative" ideologies replicating the same hierarchical ideals concerning maintenance of dominance in terms related to race, class, gender, and nation-state, a set of ideologies she deems "homonationalism".
Jasbir Puar : She has written widely on South Asian disaporic cultural production in the United States, United Kingdom and Trinidad, LGBT tourism, terrorism studies, surveillance studies, biopolitics and necropolitics, disability and debilitation, theories of intersectionality, affect, and assemblage; animal studies and posthumanism, homonationalism, pinkwashing, and the Palestinian territories.
Jasbir Puar : In "Queer Times, Queer Assemblages", published in 2005, Puar analyzes the War on Terror as an assemblage of racism, nationalism, patriotism, and terrorism, suggesting that it is "already profoundly queer".
Carmen Sevilla : She received a Círculo de Escritores Cinematográficos (Cinema Writers Circle) lifetime award in 2004.
Carmen Sevilla : In 2015 it was reported that she no longer recognized her home.
Carmen Sevilla : Sevilla made her film début in 1948 in "Jalisco Sings in Seville", She joy great famous in the make "The Troublemaker" with Tony Leblanc.
Carmen Sevilla : María del Carmen García Galisteo (born 16 October 1930) known professionally as Carmen Sevilla is a Spanish actress, singer and television presenter.
Georgia Simmerling : She won a bronze medal in team pursuit cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and also won a silver medal in team pursuit at the 2016 World Championships.
Georgia Simmerling : Georgia Simmerling (born 11 March 1989) is a Canadian road and track cyclist, who currently competes for UCI Women's Team .
Sandra Oh : Oh became a U.S. citizen in 2018.
Sandra Oh : They married on January 1, 2003, separated in early 2005, and divorced in late 2006.
Sandra Oh : While in high school, she was elected student council president.
Sandra Oh : Oh was in a relationship with filmmaker Alexander Payne for five years.
Sandra Oh : Oh told her parents that she would try acting for a few years, and promised to return to university if it failed.
Sandra Oh : She also played the flute and continued both her ballet training and acting studies, though she knew that she "was not good enough to be a professional dancer" and eventually focused on acting.
Sandra Oh : Growing up, Oh was one of the few youths of Asian descent in Nepean.
Sandra Oh : Against her parents' advice, she rejected a four-year journalism scholarship to Carleton University to study drama at the National Theatre School of Canada in Montreal, paying her own way.
Sandra Oh : On the first anniversary of her citizenship, she discussed it while hosting "Saturday Night Live" and referred to herself as an "Asian-Canadian-American".
Sandra Oh : Later, at Sir Robert Borden High School, she founded the environmental club BASE (Borden Active Students for the Environment), leading a campaign against the use of styrofoam cups.
Sandra Oh : She has a brother, Ray, and a sister, Grace, and grew up in a Christian household, living on Camwood Crescent in Nepean, where she began acting and ballet at the age of four to correct her pigeon-toed stance.
Sandra Oh : She took drama classes, acted in school plays, and joined the drama club, where she took part in the Canadian Improv Games and Skit Row High, a comedy group.
Sandra Oh : Soon after graduating from the National Theatre School in 1993, she starred in a stage production of David Mamet's "Oleanna" in London, Ontario.
Sandra Oh : On July 8, 2013, Oh received the key to the city of Ottawa, Ontario, from Mayor Jim Watson.
Sandra Oh : She is known for her roles as Cristina Yang on the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy" (2005–2014) and Eve Polastri in the BBC America spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–present).
Sandra Oh : Sandra Miju Oh (born July 20, 1971) is a Canadian-American actress.
Sandra Oh : Her other Canadian films include "Long Life, Happiness & Prosperity" and "Last Night" (1998), for which she again won a Best Actress Genie.
Sandra Oh : Around the same time, she won roles in biographical TV films of two significant female Chinese-Canadians: as Vancouver author Evelyn Lau in "The Diary of Evelyn Lau", where she won the role over more than 1,000 others who auditioned, and as Adrienne Clarkson in a CBC biopic of Clarkson's life.
Rosamund Pike : She also appeared as Sarah Beaumont in an episode of the series "Foyle's War."
Rosamund Pike : Pike, born on 27 January 1979 in London, is the only child of opera singers Caroline Friend and Julian Pike.
Rosamund Pike : While at Oxford, Pike was in a relationship with Simon Woods which lasted two years.
Rosamund Pike : After being turned down by each stage school to which she applied, she gained a place to read English literature at Wadham College, Oxford.
Rosamund Pike : Since December 2009, Pike has been in a relationship with Robie Uniacke, a businessman and mathematical researcher, and they have two sons.
Rosamund Pike : She was then engaged to the director of that production, Joe Wright, but they broke up in 2008.
Rosamund Pike : She also made appearances on British television shows, including "A Rather English Marriage" (1998), "Wives and Daughters" (1999), and "Love in a Cold Climate" (2001), a miniseries based on Nancy Mitford's novels "The Pursuit of Love" and "Love in a Cold Climate".
Victoria Zdrok : Zdrok was crowned Philadelphia's "Best Beauty" in August 1994.
Victoria Zdrok : She is "Playboy's" Playmate for October 1994.
Victoria Zdrok : Zdrok is also a non-practicing attorney, a clinical psychologist and sex therapist.
Victoria Zdrok : In June 2002 she became "Penthouse" magazine's Pet of the Month, later being chosen as their 2004 Penthouse Pet of the Year.
Victoria Zdrok : Victoria Nika Zdrok (; born 3 March 1973) is a Ukrainian-American pornographic actress, author, and model.
Victoria Zdrok : Zdrok did her undergraduate studies at West Chester University, obtained a law degree from Villanova University, and her Ph.D. in psychology from Drexel University.
Victoria Zdrok : Zdrok appeared in "Penthouse" as their June 2002 Pet of the Month.
Victoria Zdrok : Zdrok has written several books on sex, including "The Anatomy of Pleasure" and "Dr. Z on Scoring: How to Pick Up, Seduce and Hook Up With Hot Women".
Valeria Lynch : This recital was broadcast on Channel 13 of Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : After eighteen years together, they separated in 1995.
Valeria Lynch : "Baila Conmigo" was certified gold album and the single was heard in all the clubs in Argentina.
Valeria Lynch : This sold just over 200,000 copies in Argentina alone.
Valeria Lynch : The particularity of this cd is that it was sold in newsstands and magazine, it was distributed abroad by regional labels.
Valeria Lynch : She also made a special album for Chilean television.
Valeria Lynch : In 2005 she released "Nosotras", with the help of producer Roberto Livi.
Valeria Lynch : Later in the year, she presented her new show "Valeria Vale" at Teatro Gran Rex, managing to gather more than 15,000 people in 5 functions.
Valeria Lynch : In 1983 the album "Un poco mas de mi", also known as "Contigo soy capaz de todo" in some countries, was released.
Valeria Lynch : From this Romay allegedly discovered her talent and suggested that she use a pseudonym.
Valeria Lynch : That same year she performed in Carnegie Hall, New York and sold out for two nights.
Valeria Lynch : In November of that year, she was recognized in Peru with the award "Paloma de la Paz."
Valeria Lynch : In 1996 she released her latest studio work for the label BMG.
Valeria Lynch : In November of the same year she began a tour of presentations by US, Argentina and Uruguay with her new tour "Loba".
Valeria Lynch : She also began developing her teaching career, with a string of musical schools located in several cities in Argentina.
Valeria Lynch : The New York Times chose her as "One of the five best voices in the world".
Valeria Lynch : The CD included 4 tracks, with "Sembello" that had released on her album "Caravan of Dreams" in 1992.
Valeria Lynch : This production won a Grammy Award nomination in the category "Best Latin Album" thanks to the orchestrations included, marking the first time the award was extended to Spanish-language recordings.
Valeria Lynch : The story goes that Cavallero saw her sing and was so fascinated that he waited in the dressing room and offered to represent her and launch her career as a romantic singer.
Valeria Lynch : Lynch also returned to musical comedy and was successful with the intelligentsia in Argentina that once did not understand so much success in a clearly popular figure.
Valeria Lynch : The couple had two sons, Federico (born 1979) and Santiago Cavallero (born 1986).
Valeria Lynch : The tour to promote this album convened more than 250 thousand people in its various actions by Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.
Valeria Lynch : Towards the end of that year she attracted more than 100,000 spectators at the concert at the Avenida 9 de Julio, Buenos Aires, and saw another 150,000 people in her recital at the Apple Festival in the province of Mendoza.
Valeria Lynch : In 1988, the album "A cualquier Precio" with a distinctly pop sound and innovative musical sold very successfully.
Valeria Lynch : The tour "A cualquier precio" ran in the main cities of the continent and made television specials for Puerto Rico, United States, Argentina and Mexico.
Valeria Lynch : In 1989 she composed and recorded "la extraña dama" for the TV series of the same name on Channel 9 from Argentina.
Valeria Lynch : On this album, the song "Esto llamado amor" involved renowned American singer Jeffrey Osborne, former lead singer of music group "LTD".
Valeria Lynch : During the 1980s, Valeria Lynch's success spread throughout Latin America.
Valeria Lynch : The album included the song "Hay un mañana" a duet with Mexican singer José José, "el principe de la cancion."
Valeria Lynch : Her record label BMG RCA- released a compilation album entitled "Mis mejores canciones" as a closure of her stage career full of hit songs.
Valeria Lynch : Her version of the song "Mujer Sola", written by the Italian Mia Martini (Domenica Berté), was the first cut of circulation.
Valeria Lynch : Mexican producers had chosen the Mexican Rocío Banquels, but Harold Prince was overwhelming in his statement that "in my music I want Valeria," so it was decided that the two were the protagonists.
Valeria Lynch : In August, she launched her fragrance "Loba", a name inspired by the song "Como una Loba" (1985).
Valeria Lynch : Her songs were not only a success in U.S. and Latin America but their music came to Spain, the Netherlands, Japan, Romania, Italy and the former Soviet Union.
Valeria Lynch : She remained successful due to her avant-garde sound in the last decade, without continental touring as before.
Valeria Lynch : She extensively toured throughout America, was named the "Figure of the Year" by the Association of Entertainment Critics of New York and also presented for the third time in Carnegie Hall, accompanying the singer Marcelo Alejandro as part of a music festival.
Valeria Lynch : In November 2010 she hit the commercial market, after 5 years of silence, with the album "Todo o Nada."
Valeria Lynch : Such was the success that in Buenos Aires, she drew nearly 100,000 spectators in 53 shows with their concert at the Teatro Astros.
Valeria Lynch : Her debut as a pop balladeer was at the nightclub Michelangelo in the barrio of San Telmo.
Valeria Lynch : Also, this year called Nito Artaza to star with important figures in the show "Argentina todo un Show" with great success in their seasons of Mar del Plata and Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : That same year, in an end to the 14-year contract with BMG Ariola, her record label, they released a compilation album with dance arrangements in some songs.
Valeria Lynch : The song "Quisiera ser tu luz", Spanish version of the song "Living From Day To Day / Ani Chaya Li Mi'Yom Le'Yom" the Israeli singer Rita Kleinstein, became a radio hit, and the version of Valeria Years later, he began to sound on the radio from Jerusalem by the spread achieved by YouTube.
Valeria Lynch : 1985 was the year of the launch of the album "Para Cantarle a la vida (To sing to life)", with the singles "Señor amante", "Querido Mio", "Que mal elegiste", "tu eres el hombre" "Yo sin el" and "como una loba" making this album one of the best sellers in the entire region.
Valeria Lynch : Named by the New York Times as one of the 5 best voices on the planet.
Valeria Lynch : Valeria Lynch formally began performing in the 1970s singing jingles and underground rock in English with a group called Expression.
Valeria Lynch : In November 2007 she presented a new show in the Gran Rex theatre in Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : The point of note was the song "Un Nuevo Día" which was presented as a leitmotiv to support Argentina in the World Cup Brazil 2014.
Valeria Lynch : Also in 1985 she was invited to participate in the International Festival of Popular Song at Yamaha Budokan hall in Tokyo, Japan.
Valeria Lynch : She was also invited by Barry Manilow to record a duet "Even Now" that went by the name "Hasta Hoy" for Manilow's album "Grandes Exitos en Español".
Valeria Lynch : She was also part of the TV TRIBU SRL, with which she recorded two songs for the soundtrack of the program, ""I Am A Woman"" and ""Do Not Be Discouraged"" as well as two different versions of the song" Tribu SRL "with the rest of the group, in 1975.
Valeria Lynch : That same year she presented with overwhelming success in 3 functions completely sold-out in the Opera Theatre of Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : In 2000, no longer contracted with multinational record labels, she released her first independent production of the hand of Editorial Atlantida de Buenos Aires, the album "algo natural" achieved platinum status for 60000 copies sold.
Valeria Lynch : In 1969, she debuted on the television show "La Botica del Ángel" with Eduardo Bergara Leumann, singing "Cuando un amigo se va".
Valeria Lynch : In 1984 she signed with RCA Ariola, and started her most successful career point, selling millions of her various recordings.
Valeria Lynch : In July of that same year she starred in a children's show season of "Lucia, la maga"at the Teatro Nacional.
Valeria Lynch : During 2012 Valeria participated as a juror of TV shows "Cantando por un Sueño" and "Soñando por Cantar," broadcast on Channel 13.
Valeria Lynch : During the summer of 2010 she was the main attraction of the magazine Star Carnival in the city of Carlos Paz, in the province of Córdoba, Argentina, and led the box office with 60,000 spectators.
Valeria Lynch : While at night, she starred with Patricia Sosa the musical "Las Hermanas de Carusso"in the Liceo Theatre, also dabbling in classical music, but the public response was not expected, and the season aired only a few weeks.
Valeria Lynch : By the end of 2013 Valeria is resubmitted at the Teatro Gran Rex in Buenos Aires, with its new show titled "La Elegida" on 9/10/23 and November 24.
Valeria Lynch : Singing before more than 15,000 people she won the award for Best Performer of the Festival and the Grand Jury Prize, with the song "Rompecabezas" (Puzzle) that allowed her to overtake the competition La Toya Jackson.
Valeria Lynch : 1994 is the year of the launch of "Caravana de Sueños" an album produced by Michael Sembello, producer of Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson and Donna Summer.
Valeria Lynch : In 1981, Valeria was in Mexico on a promotional tour and people from her record company suggested she audition for the rock opera Evita, directed by Harold Prince.
Valeria Lynch : At age 14 while studying at the Commercial College Donato Álvarez in the neighborhood of La Paternal, she defined her vocation and began to study singing with Clara Calvo and drama with Dante Gilardoni.
Valeria Lynch : Her interpretation of the song "Grande Amore", which was a hit in the voice of Mina Mazzini, was one of the most celebrated musical boxes.
Valeria Lynch : In 2003, she performed with actresses Alicia Mazzer and Emilia Bruzzo in the play "Monologos de la vagina" (Vagina Monologues).
Valeria Lynch : In 2004 her album "Vivo por Valeria" was released, recorded live at the Opera Theater of Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : During this decade, Valeria Lynch's career was more quiet, as she was established in popular taste and adapted to the changing music industry and the market that saw the birth of vinyl gave way to CD and video as primary distribution mode.
Valeria Lynch : "De regreso al amor" was an album of classic pop ballads and rhythm and blues arrangements.
Valeria Lynch : In 2011 Valeria Lynch toured shows in Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Valeria Lynch : Japanese jury chairman Genichi Kawakami said that he chose Lynch for her technique of interpretation, her movement on stage and her mastery of the microphone and said the jury's verdict coincided with the vote of the audience, Valeria getting 91% of votes.
Valeria Lynch : The day of its release the CD was awarded the gold certification and sold-out in performance at the Gran Rex theatre in Buenos Aires for 5 functions.
Valeria Lynch : In 1976 she married Héctor Cavallero, who had discovered her around 1974 when she was singing in the underground clubs of Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : In April 2009 she debuted again with Nito Artaza and together with Chico Novarro from the review show "Arráncame la risa".
Valeria Lynch : In 1977 she released her first album, Valeria Lynch, and the cover was a drawing of her profile made by her friend Horacio Fontova.
Valeria Lynch : Towards the end of the year she recorded with Mexican singer Marco Antonio Muñiz, "Para no estar triste esta navidad" which became number 1 in Mexico; and released "Valeria Canta el Tango", becoming the biggest selling album of tango in Argentinian phonographic history, according to CAPIF, until 2009 (the record now held by Julio Iglesias with his album "Tango").
Valeria Lynch : The song "Amiga Mia", which had been recorded a year before by the Venezuelan singer Miriam Ochoa without commercial success, became a big hit as Valeria's rendition.
Valeria Lynch : During the first half of 2007, she performed musicals by Victor Victoria in his season at the Teatro Teleton de Santiago de Chile.
Valeria Lynch : Between 1983 and 1989, Valeria Lynch was the Argentinean artist who placed the most songs in the main music sales and charts of Latin America.
Valeria Lynch : The song, included on the LP "Energia", sold 60,000 copies and features present in 9 shows at the Teatro Gran Rex de Buenos Aires.
Valeria Lynch : Recorded in Rome in 1991, the album "hablame de amor" had sixteen consecutive performances at the Opera Theater in Buenos Aires, surpassing the record held by the Spanish Julio Iglesias at the same venue.
Valeria Lynch : In 1992 she made a new version of " Estan Tocando nuestra Cancion" with her partner and friend Victor Laplace and her CD "sin red" launched.
Valeria Lynch : In 1986, she published "Sin Fronteras" with the singles "Amame en Cámara Lenta", "Fuera de mi Vida" and "Muñeca Rota", which went multi-platinum in different countries; the song "Y tu no estas" was covered by the legendary Cuban singer La Lupe, giving the lyrics of the song a religious twist and was adopted by the Protestant communities of Latin America, being popular to date.
Valeria Lynch : This new album included the first theme, "Soy tu angel" establishing her songwriting and won the "Gaviota de Plata", and the Viña del Mar International Song Festival in 2002.
Valeria Lynch : During the summer of 2002 she was invited to the prestigious Festival de Viña del Mar in Chile, establishing herself as a composer to win with her song "Soy tu angel"as performed by Oscar Patiño in international competition.
Valeria Lynch : In 2006 she played in the theater "El Nacional" Corrientes Avenue in the City of Buenos Aires the musical Victor Victoria and participated in the jury of the television reality show "Singing for a Dream".
Valeria Lynch : In 1982 she released "Quiereme", the hit single "Mentira", song composed by Chilean Buddy Richard and international success of the Nicaraguan Hernaldo Zúñiga, catapulted her to stardom and the album was promoted throughout the continent.
Valeria Lynch : In the months of November and December she presented her show "Valeria Con Todo" at the Grand Rex theater in Buenos Aires for four nights and received in the US the Latin Grammy award for Musical Excellence for her contribution to popular music from Latin America, recognizing after 32 years from obtaining the record "Quiereme" a Grammy nomination for orchestrating the song "Cambias mi amor".
Valeria Lynch : In March 2008 she presented the show Bien Argentino, drawing over 60,000 spectators, where she shared the stage with Raul Lavie and Laura Fidalgo.
Valeria Lynch : The high ratings that popularised the soap opera "The Strange Lady" in the almost one hundred countries where televised brought the theme song sung by Valeria Lynch to markets like Italy, Israel, Egypt, Romania, Russia, Poland, Hungary, Australia, Greece, the Philippines and Turkey, where their records had not yet been published.
Valeria Lynch : María Cristina Lancelotti (January 7, 1952 in Buenos Aires), better known by her stage name Valeria Lynch, is an Argentine singer and actress.
Valeria Lynch : In 1997 she was invited by the Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias in his concert at the River Plate Stadium, Buenos Aires, singing duo the theme "Experiencia religiosa"
Valeria Lynch : The first major production Lynch took, was with producer Alejandro Romay in the adaptation of the musical "Hair", held at the Teatro Argentino in 1971 where she put her voice to the song "Aquarius-Let The Sunshine In".
Valeria Lynch : In 1980, while performing the musical "Estan tocando nuestra cancion" with Victor Laplace and Cipe Lincovsky in Buenos Aires, she released her third studio album "Capricornio".
Valeria Lynch : In early 2013 she presented at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires as part of the show "Las Elegidas" where accompanied by a symphony orchestra she performed her classic "Piensa en mi
Valeria Lynch : In January 1999 she debuted as an actress in the telenovela "Salvajes" TV channel Azul Argentina, the strip was part of the tropical music genre, from here would follow the single "Llamas en el corazon"performed by Valeria and after Isabel Pantoja the Spanish version recorded in Flemish.
Valeria Lynch : In 1995 came the turn of playing Aurora, the central character in "El beso de la mujer araña", again under the direction of Harold Prince, who was a deciding factor when Argentine producers called him to lead the implementation of the Kiss ... in Buenos Aires, and he inquired about who would be the protagonist, Prince said: "I love Valeria Lynch."
Valeria Lynch : In November of that same year she presented her show Cada 'dia more Valeria', summoning more than 15,000 people at the Gran Rex theater in Buenos Aires, with the presence of Estela Raval, Pimpinela and Palito Ortega.
Valeria Lynch : In that year she made for HBO special recorded music in the Opera theatre of Buenos Aires, called The Romantics, The Last Appointment with Armando Manzanero, Soledad Bravo and Nana Caymi.
Valeria Lynch : During the early months of 2014 she toured Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay taking the month of February in Miami to record the album "Valeria Con Todo" with production of Rafael Vergara and Vicky Echeverry, published by Sony Music Argentina in Latin America, marking her return to a multinational company.
Valeria Lynch : In the winter of 1993 she performed at the Teatro Opera de Buenas Aires three performances, with the participation of Jorge Guinzburg, Antonio Gasalla, Mercedes Sosa, Horacio Fontova, Fabiana Bravo and Sandro.
Valeria Lynch : During the months of June and September led by American television program "Mas te Vale" that included the participation of guest musicians including recalls Maria Martha Serra Lima, Jairo, Victor Heredia, Carmen Flores and Claudia Puyo, among others.
Alda Bandeira : Alda Bandeira Tavares Vaz da Conceição (born September 22, 1949) is a politician in São Tomé and Príncipe.
Alda Bandeira : In 1996 she ran for President of the country, coming in third place with 15% of the vote.
Alda Bandeira : Bandeira was one of the founding members of the Democratic Convergence Party-Reflection Group (PCD-GR), the first public opposition group in the country.
Alda Bandeira : After an overwhelming victory for the party in the 1991 elections, Bandeira held the office of foreign minister from 1991 until 1993.
Amantle Montsho : At the 2014 Commonwealth Games Montsho failed a routine drugs test.
Amantle Montsho : In March 2015 Botswana Athletics Association handed her a 2-year ban from sports.
Amantle Montsho : There she became Botswana's first ever gold medallist at the Games by winning the 400 m with a Games record time of 50.10 seconds.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : She also practiced as a lawyer during this time.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : "Forbes" magazine declared her the 57th most powerful woman in the world in 2006 and the 11th in 2007.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : A member of all right-wing governments formed in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, she was the first woman in France to hold the portfolios of Defense (2002–2007), the Interior (2007–2009) and Foreign Affairs (2010–2011).
Michèle Alliot-Marie : Alliot-Marie was the last President of the Rally for the Republic (1999–2002), an incarnation of the Gaullist party, and was the first woman to chair a major French political party.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : Michèle Yvette Marie-Thérèse Jeanne Honorine Alliot-Marie (; born 10 September 1946), known in France as MAM, is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from France.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : The operation was allegedly intended to justify a response operation against the Laurent Gbagbo government in the context of the 2004 crisis in Ivory Coast.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : She kept the Defense portfolio in Jean-Pierre Raffarin's three governments and in Dominique de Villepin's government.
Michèle Alliot-Marie : These former ministers are suspected of having allowed the exfiltration of the mercenaries responsible for the attack on the Bouaké camp in 2004, killing nine French soldiers.
Meseret Defar : Meseret Defar Tola (Amharic: መሰረት ደፋር; born 19 November 1983) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes chiefly in the 3000 metres and 5000 metres events.
Meseret Defar : On 3 June 2006 she ran the 5000 metres in New York City in a then-world record time of 14:24.53 – she subsequently improved the record to 14:16.63 at the Bislett Games in Oslo on 15 June 2007.
Meseret Defar : Defar has been successful in the 5000 m at the Olympic Games, taking gold at the 2012 London Olympics, 2004 Athens Olympics and bronze at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Meseret Defar : On 3 February 2007 she ran the 3000 metres indoor in Stuttgart (Germany) in a world record time of 8:23.72.
Jang Mi-ran : At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she won the gold medal in the +75 kg category.
Jang Mi-ran : In 2016, a Korean drama based around her life called "Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo", aired.
Jang Mi-ran : She broke the world records in the snatch with 140 kg, in the clean and jerk with 186 kg, and combined with 326 kg.
Jang Mi-ran : Jang Mi-ran (; born October 9, 1983) is a South Korean Olympic weightlifter.
Jang Mi-ran : Mu Shuangshuang, who lifted 319 kg in overalls as well, ranked second because of bodyweight, but broke the record an attempt earlier.
Jade Boho : In September 2011 she announced she would not play for Equatorial Guinea anymore.
Jade Boho : Jade Boho Sayo (born 30 August 1986), simply known as Jade, is a Spanish-born Equatorial Guinean footballer who plays as a forward for EdF Logroño and the Equatorial Guinea women's national team.
Jade Boho : Jade took the surnames of her mother, Lourdes Cristina Boho Sayo, an Equatoguinean emigrant who received Spanish citizenship in August 1980, and, five years later, played Oud Anna in the film "Dust", before Jade was born.
Christine Werner : She received several subsidies for literature from the Austrian government and presented her texts to the public in Austria and Germany.
Christine Werner : Christine Werner was born in 1954 in Vienna, Austria; today she is living in Vienna and Styria.
Christine Werner : Christine Werner (born 26 August 1954 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer.
Christine Werner : In her own words, she is "an author, an action artist and an artist for the Net".
Christine Werner : Christine Werner is a member of the Austrian authors' associations Grazer Autorenversammlung (GAV), Literary Circle of Linz and ÖDA (Austrian Authors writing in Dialect).
Christine Werner : She is a playwright, and she writes literary cabaret, poetry, radio plays, short stories and novels.
Núria Espert : She went to Institut Maragall, a high school in Barcelona, and she started to study theatre while she was taking some courses of music and languages.
Núria Espert : She married the actor , who would later become her manager.
Núria Espert : As a tribute to this actress, the city of Fuenlabrada named a theatre "Sala Municipal de Teatro Núria Espert".
Núria Espert : Núria Espert Romero (born L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain June 11, 1935) is a theatre and television Catalan actress, and theatre and opera director.
Eva Wagner-Pasquier : The joint appointment at Bayreuth followed a long feud in which Wolfgang had favoured his second wife Gudrun and daughter Katharina as successors, the overseeing committee, the Richard Wagner Foundation of Bayreuth, had favoured Eva, and Wieland's daughter Nike had also put herself forward.
Eva Wagner-Pasquier : Eva Wagner-Pasquier is married to the French film producer Yves Pasquier.
Eva Wagner-Pasquier : She has also worked for Houston Grand Opera, the Théâtre du Châtelet, the Teatro Real, the Festival d'Aix-en-Provence, and is currently an Artistic Consultant to The Metropolitan Opera.
Eva Wagner-Pasquier : Following the death of her uncle Wieland Wagner, Wagner-Pasquier acted as her father's assistant at Bayreuth from 1967 to 1975.
Eileen Atkins : Dame Eileen June Atkins, (born 16 June 1934) is an English actress and occasional screenwriter.
Eileen Atkins : In 2008, she won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress and the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for "Cranford".
Emma Watson : Watson has said she speaks some French, though "not as well" as she used to.
Emma Watson : Her parents divorced when she was young, and Watson moved to England to live with her mother in Oxfordshire while spending weekends at her father's house in London.
Emma Watson : For financial and scripting reasons, the original book was divided into two films which were shot consecutively.
Emma Watson : One book is selected per month and is discussed in the last week of that month.
Emma Watson : I think it's much more realistic that they would argue and that there would be problems."
Emma Watson : Rowling supported Watson from her first screen test.
Emma Watson : Later that year, Watson became the youngest person to appear on the cover of "Teen Vogue", an appearance she reprised in August 2009.
Emma Watson : In May 2007, she took AS levels in English, Geography, Art, and History of Art.
Emma Watson : Both received generally negative reviews.
Emma Watson : For Watson, much of the humour of the film sprang from the tension among the three lead characters as they matured.
Emma Watson : Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson (born 15 April 1990) is an English actress, model and activist.
Emma Watson : Radcliffe eventually signed for the final films on 2 March 2007, but Watson was considerably more hesitant.
Emma Watson : Harry may show off his expanding wizardly skills ... but Hermione ... earns the loudest applause with a decidedly unmagical punch to Draco Malfoy's deserving nose."
Emma Watson : "The Tale of Despereaux" was released in December 2008 and grossed $87 million worldwide.
Emma Watson : While the film mostly received mixed reviews, critics gave almost unanimous praise for Watson's portrayal.
Emma Watson : Despite the success of "Order of the Phoenix", the future of the "Harry Potter" franchise became surrounded in doubt, as all three lead actors were hesitant to sign on to continue their roles for the final two episodes.
Emma Watson : Although critics panned Radcliffe's performance, labelling him "wooden", they praised Watson; "The New York Times" lauded her performance, saying: "Luckily Mr. Radcliffe's blandness is offset by Ms. Watson's spiky impatience.
Emma Watson : Watson received an Otto Award from the German magazine "Bravo" for her performance.
Emma Watson : Watson continued her involvement with People Tree, resulting in the release of a 2010 Autumn/Winter collection.
Emma Watson : By July 2007, Watson's work in the "Harry Potter" series was said to have earned her more than £10 million, and she acknowledged she would never have to work for money again.
Emma Watson : While on film sets, she and her peers were tutored for up to five hours a day.
Emma Watson : Watson continued her involvement in fashion advertising when she announced she had been chosen as the face of Lancôme in March 2011.
Emma Watson : Principal photography for the sixth "Harry Potter" film began in late 2007, with Watson's part being filmed from 18 December to 17 May 2008.
Emma Watson : The film's director, Sandra Goldbacher, commented that Watson was "perfect" for the starring role of aspiring actress Pauline Fossil: "She has a piercing, delicate aura that makes you want to gaze and gaze at her."
Emma Watson : She explained that the decision was significant, as the films represented a further four-year commitment to the role, but eventually conceded that she "could never let [the role of] Hermione go", signing for the role on 23 March 2007.
Emma Watson : Watson's filming for the final instalment, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", began on 18 February 2009 and ended on 12 June 2010.
Emma Watson : Nominated for three awards for "Goblet of Fire", Watson won a bronze Otto Award.
Emma Watson : Casting agents found Watson through her Oxford theatre teacher, and producers were impressed by her confidence.
Emma Watson : Watson was appreciative of the more assertive role Hermione played, calling her character "charismatic" and "a fantastic role to play".
Emma Watson : In February 2011, Watson was awarded the Style Icon award from British "Elle" by Dame Vivienne Westwood.
Emma Watson : On 25 May 2014, she graduated from Brown University with a bachelor's degree in English literature.
Emma Watson : Watson, who was not paid for the collaboration, admitted that competition for the range was minimal, but argued that "Fashion is a great way to empower people and give them skills; rather than give cash to charity you can help people by buying the clothes they make and supporting things they take pride in"; adding, "I think young people like me are becoming increasingly aware of the humanitarian issues surrounding fast fashion and want to make good choices but there aren't many options out there."
Emma Watson : In 2004, "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" was released.
Emma Watson : "Ballet Shoes" was broadcast in the UK on Boxing Day 2007 to an audience of 5.7 million viewers, to mixed reviews.
Emma Watson : Critics praised the increasing maturity of Watson and her teenage co-stars; "The New York Times" called her performance "touchingly earnest".
Emma Watson : Filming began in summer 2011, and the film was released in September 2012.
Emma Watson : Watson was nominated for five awards for her performance in "Philosopher's Stone", winning the Young Artist Award for Leading Young Actress.
Emma Watson : Three years later, the British press reported that Watson was to replace Keira Knightley as the face of the fashion house Chanel, but this was denied by both parties.
Emma Watson : In 2006, Watson played Hermione in "The Queen's Handbag", a special mini-episode of "Harry Potter" in celebration of Queen Elizabeth II's 80th birthday.
Emma Watson : Although "Prisoner of Azkaban" proved to be the lowest-grossing "Harry Potter" film of the entire series, Watson's personal performance won her two Otto Awards and the Child Performance of the Year award from "Total Film".
Emma Watson : With "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005), both Watson and the "Harry Potter" film series reached new milestones.
Emma Watson : In June 2009, following several months of rumours, Watson confirmed that she would be partnering with Burberry as the face of their Autumn/Winter 2009 campaign, for which she received an estimated six-figure fee.
Emma Watson : Watson starred in two 2015 releases, the thriller films "Colonia", opposite Daniel Brühl and Michael Nyqvist; and "Regression" by Alejandro Amenábar, alongside Ethan Hawke and her "Harry Potter" colleague David Thewlis.
Emma Watson : A year later, Watson again starred as Hermione in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", the second instalment of the series.
Emma Watson : Watson won the inaugural National Movie Award for Best Female Performance.
Emma Watson : Watson worked as a creative adviser for the company to create a spring line of clothing, which was released in February 2010; the range featured styles inspired by southern France and London.
Emma Watson : "The Washington Post" felt Watson to have given "[her] most charming performance to date", while "The Daily Telegraph" described the lead actors as "newly liberated and energised, eager to give all they have to what's left of the series".
Emma Watson : As the fame of the actress and the series continued, Watson and fellow "Harry Potter" co-stars Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint left imprints of their hands, feet and wands in front of Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on 9 July 2007.
Emma Watson : The "Los Angeles Times" said Watson and her peers had matured between films, while "The Times" criticised director Chris Columbus for "under-employing" Watson's hugely popular character.
Emma Watson : In "The Bling Ring" (2013), Watson stars as Nicki.
Emma Watson : After eight auditions, producer David Heyman told Watson and fellow applicants Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint that they had been cast for the roles of the school friends Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley, respectively.
Emma Watson : In 1999, casting began for "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (released as "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" in the United States), the film adaptation of British author J. K. Rowling's best-selling novel.
Emma Watson : She also appeared in Burberry's 2010 Spring/Summer campaign alongside her brother Alex, musicians George Craig and Matt Gilmour, and model Max Hurd.
Emma Watson : Watson's first non-"Potter" role was the 2007 BBC film "Ballet Shoes", an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Noel Streatfeild.
Emma Watson : In May 2010, Watson was reported to be in talks to star in a film adaptation of "The Perks of Being a Wallflower".
Emma Watson : In June 2012, Watson was confirmed for the role as Ila in Darren Aronofsky's "Noah", which began filming the following month, and was released in March 2014.
Marta Tibor : Marta Tibor (, June 7, 1983 in Sombor, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sprint canoer who has competed since mid-2000s.
Ana Firmino : She was born in 1953 on the island of Sal, but it was not until she was in her late 20s that she dedicated herself to a career in music.
Ana Firmino : She is a well-regarded interpreter of the native "morna" as well as other traditional genres.
Ana Firmino : Ana Firmino (born 1953) is a Cape Verdean singer.
Ana Firmino : She has performed for many years in Cape Verde and Europe particularly in Portugal, appearing in film and on television releasing several solo albums including "Amor e Tao Sabe" (1998).
Ana Firmino : Her two film credits are "Fintar o Destino" (1998) (released as "Dribbling Fate" in the USA) and "Testamento do Senhor Napumoceno" (English: Napumoceno's Will") (1997).
Kate Mosse : A number one bestseller internationally, it has sold millions of copies and was the bestselling title in the UK for 2006.
Kate Mosse : In 2000 she was named European Woman of Achievement for her contribution to the arts.
Kate Mosse : Katharine Louise Mosse (born 20 October 1961) is an English novelist, non-fiction and short story writer and broadcaster.
Samantha Barks : She reached the final where she finished third.
Samantha Barks : Barks was born and brought up in Laxey, on the Isle of Man.
Samantha Barks : She attended Laxey Primary School in Laxey and St Ninian's High School, Douglas before moving to London to study A levels at The Arts Educational Schools (ArtsEd) in Chiswick.
Samantha Barks : Samantha Jane Barks (born 2 October 1990) is a Manx actress and singer who has performed on stage and screen as well as television.
Michiyo Akaishi : Akaishi's debut story, "Marshmallow Tea wa Hitori de", appeared in the January 1980 issue of "Bessatsu Shōjo Comic".
Tulsi Gabbard : Gabbard served in a field medical unit of the Hawaii Army National Guard in a combat zone in Iraq from 2004 to 2005 and was deployed to Kuwait from 2008 to 2009.
Tulsi Gabbard : On February 2, 2019, Gabbard officially launched her 2020 presidential campaign.
Tulsi Gabbard : In 1983, when Gabbard was two years old, her family moved to Hawaii, where her family had lived in the late 1970s.
Ann Beattie : Beattie was married to the writer David Gates.
Ann Beattie : Entitled "Lincoln Perry’s Charlottesville," the book contains an introductory essay and artist's interview by Beattie.
Ann Beattie : She holds an undergraduate degree from American University and a master's degree from the University of Connecticut.
Ann Beattie : The first version was not well received by audiences, though upon its re-release in 1982, with a new title and ending to match that in book, the movie was successful, and is now considered a cult classic.
Ann Beattie : Her first novel, "Chilly Scenes of Winter" (1976), was adapted as a film alternatively titled "Chilly Scenes of Winter" or "Head Over Heels" in 1979 by Joan Micklin Silver, starring John Heard, Mary Beth Hurt, and Peter Riegert.
Ann Beattie : In 2005 she was selected as winner of the Rea Award for the Short Story, in recognition of her outstanding achievement in that genre.
Ann Beattie : In 2005, the two collaborated on a published retrospective of Perry's paintings.
Ann Beattie : Ann Beattie (born September 8, 1947) is an American novelist and short story writer.
Ann Beattie : She has received an award for excellence from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters and the PEN/Malamud Award for excellence in the short story form.
Ann Beattie : In 1976, she published her first book of short stories, "Distortions", and her first novel, "Chilly Scenes of Winter", which was later made into a film.
Ann Beattie : Beattie has taught at Harvard College and the University of Connecticut and was for a long time associated with the University of Virginia, where she was first appointed as a part-time lecturer in 1980.
Vesna Pisarović : Her song "Everything I Want" placed 11th in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
Vesna Pisarović : She began singing in clubs and writing songs.
Vesna Pisarović : In the mid-1990s she moved to Zagreb, Croatia, where she graduated from the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences.
Vesna Pisarović : Vesna Pisarović (born 9 April 1978) is a Croatian pop and jazz singer.
Vesna Pisarović : In 2002 Vesna Pisarović won the annual Dora festival, the event that determines Croatia's entry for the Eurovision Song Contest.
Vesna Pisarović : From her earliest childhood she attended a music school, where she played the flute, sang in choirs and participated in various music contests.
Éliane Radigue : In the early 1960s, she was assistant to Pierre Henry, creating some of the sounds which appeared in his works.
Éliane Radigue : She returned to composition, picking up where she left off, using the same working methods and goals as before, finishing "Adnos II" in 1979 and "Adnos III" in 1980.
Éliane Radigue : She soon met him, and in the early '50s became his student, working periodically at the Studio d'Essai during visits to Paris.
Éliane Radigue : Her goal at this point was to create a slow, purposeful "unfolding" of sound through the use of analogue synthesizers and magnetic tape, with results she felt to be closer to the minimal composers of New York at the time than to the French musique concrète composers who had been her previous allies.
Éliane Radigue : She later married the French-born American artist Arman with whom she lived in Nice while raising their three children, before returning to Paris in 1967.
Éliane Radigue : She had studied piano and was already composing before hearing a broadcast by the founder of musique concrète Pierre Schaeffer.
Éliane Radigue : She participated in their first album "Before the Libretto" on the Quecksilber label in 2005.
Éliane Radigue : Éliane Radigue (born January 24, 1932) is a French electronic music composer.
Éliane Radigue : The first third of the "Trilogie", "Kyema", was her first recording to be released on Phill Niblock's XI label.
Éliane Radigue : As her own work matured, Schaeffer and Henry felt that her use of microphone feedback and long tape loops (as heard in "Vice-Versa" and "Feedback Works 1969-1970") was moving away from their ideals, though her singular practice was still related to their methods.
Éliane Radigue : After investigating Tibetan Buddhism, she quickly converted and spent the next three years devoted to its practice under her guru Pawo Rinpoche, who subsequently sent her back to her musical work.
Éliane Radigue : The work was influenced as much by the Tibetan Book of the Dead Bardo Thodol and her meditation practice, as by the deaths of Pawo Rinpoche and of her son .
Éliane Radigue : After that work's premiere at Mills College at the invitation of Robert Ashley, a group of visiting French music students suggested that her music was deeply related to meditation and that she should look into Tibetan Buddhism, two fields she was not familiar with.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Alfonso was given custody of their sons.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Carmen and her second husband Rossi separated in 1994 and divorced in 1995.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : In January 1989, Carmen's first husband died in a skiing accident in Colorado.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Gen. Franco died on 20 November 1975 and the family lost their political power.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Alfonso and Carmen separated in 1979, received a civil divorce 1982 and an annulment in 1986.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : General Franco named Alfonso Duke of Cadiz and made him a Royal Highness, making Carmen a princess.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Carmen then gave birth to her last child, María "Cynthia" Francisca Matilda Rossi, in Paris on 28 April 1985, barely four months after her wedding.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : On 18 June 2006 in Cazalla de la Sierra, Seville, she married a third time to a Spaniard, José Campos García (born in Santander, 13 years her junior).
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : After separating from the Duke of Anjou, Carmen lived with a Frenchman of Italian descent, Jean-Marie Rossi (b. Paris, 18 November 1930, 20 years her senior), divorced from Barbara Hottinguer, by whom he had twin daughters Mathilda and Marella in 1971, and a son Frederick, and in Rueil-Malmaison on 11 December 1984 she married him civilly.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : She became a grandmother on 6 March 2007 with the birth of granddaughter Eugenia.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Carmen was married on 8 March 1972 in the Chapel of the Palace of El Pardo in Madrid when she was 21 years old to Prince Alfonso, Duke of Anjou, son of Infante Jaime of Spain, Duke of Segovia and grandson of King Alfonso XIII of Spain.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : María del Carmen Martínez-Bordiú y Franco, 2nd Duchess of Franco, Grandee of Spain (born 26 February 1951 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish aristocrat and social figure.
Carmen Martínez-Bordiú : Her maternal grandparents were the fascist dictator caudillo Francisco Franco, the Spanish Head of State, and Carmen Polo y Martínez-Valdés, 1st Lady of Meirás Grandee of Spain.
Chie Shinohara : All of these were illustrated by Shinohara herself.
Elfriede Jelinek : It has been praised and condemned by leading literary critics.
Elfriede Jelinek : She studied art history and theater at the University of Vienna.
Elfriede Jelinek : She was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2004 for her "musical flow of voices and counter-voices in novels and plays that, with extraordinary linguistic zeal, reveal the absurdity of society's clichés and their subjugating power".
Elfriede Jelinek : Elfriede Jelinek (; born 20 October 1946) is an Austrian playwright and novelist.
Michelle Rodriguez : I mean, we're getting flak everywhere we go."
Michelle Rodriguez : Her lawyer claimed it was a clerical error.
Michelle Rodriguez : The charges were later dropped, after the roommate declined to press the allegations in court.
Michelle Rodriguez : Later, she moved to Puerto Rico until the age of 17, and finally settled in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Michelle Rodriguez : She was expected to spend the full 180-day term in jail but was released 18 days later due to overcrowding.
Michelle Rodriguez : She cited her high doses of allergy-relieving steroids as part of the reason for her erratic behavior.
Michelle Rodriguez : With her films grossing over $5 billion (U.S.) collectively, a 2013 "Entertainment Weekly" article described Rodriguez as "arguably the most iconic actress in the action genre, as well as one of the most visible Latinas in Hollywood".
Michelle Rodriguez : Rodriguez moved to the Dominican Republic with her mother when she was eight years old and lived there until age 11.
Michelle Rodriguez : On October 10, 2007, following a hearing, she was sentenced to 180days' jail time after agreeing to admit to violating her probation.
Michelle Rodriguez : Mayte Michelle Rodriguez (born July 12, 1978) is an American actress.
Michelle Rodriguez : In April 2006, she pleaded guilty to one charge of driving under the influence, and chose to pay a fine and spend five days in jail.
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2009, Rodriguez also starred in "Trópico de Sangre", an independent film based on the Dominican Republic's historic Mirabal sisters.
Michelle Rodriguez : She described herself as bisexual in another interview later that month: "Bi, yeah, I fall under the B category of LGBT".
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2011, she appeared with Aaron Eckhart in the science fiction film "" which grossed over in the worldwide box office.
Michelle Rodriguez : She also provided the voice of Liz Ricarro in the Cartoon Network series "IGPX."
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2008, Rodriguez appeared in the political drama "Battle in Seattle" opposite Charlize Theron and Woody Harrelson.
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2009, she appeared in "Fast & Furious", the fourth installment of "The Fast and the Furious" film series.
Michelle Rodriguez : In March 2002, Rodriguez was arrested for assault after getting into a fight with her roommate.
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2004, Rodriguez lent her voice to the video game "Halo 2," playing a Marine.
Michelle Rodriguez : In September 2007, Rodriguez allegedly violated her probation by neither completing her community service nor following an alcohol education program.
Michelle Rodriguez : In early 2000, Rodriguez broke off an engagement to a Muslim boyfriend, citing opposition to religious requests he made of her.
Michelle Rodriguez : She went to jail for 48 hours, performed community service at the morgues of two New York hospitals, completed a three-month alcohol program, and was placed on probation for three years.
Michelle Rodriguez : Her mother, Carmen Milady Rodriguez ("née" Pared Espinal), is Dominican, and her father, Rafael Rodriguez, was a Puerto Rican, who served in the U.S. Army.
Michelle Rodriguez : Rodriguez also branched into television, playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series "Lost".
Michelle Rodriguez : In June 2004, Rodriguez pleaded no contest in Los Angeles to three of the charges: hit and run, drunken driving, and driving with a suspended license.
Michelle Rodriguez : In November 2003, Rodriguez went to court to face eight misdemeanor charges based on two driving incidents, including a hit and run and driving under the influence (DUI).
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2012, she returned to play the good clone and bad clone of Rain Ocampo in "".
Michelle Rodriguez : She has also had numerous voice work appearances in video games such as "Call of Duty" and "Halo", and lent her voice for the 3D animated film "Turbo" and the television series "IGPX".
Michelle Rodriguez : In 2010, Rodriguez appeared in Robert Rodriguez's "Machete".
Kei Kusunoki : Just recently she returned to manga, drawing "Bitter Virgin".
Kei Kusunoki : , real name , is a Japanese manga artist best known for her horror and comedy manga series.
Kei Kusunoki : Kusunoki focused most of her career on anime production.
Kei Kusunoki : She debuted in 1982 in "Ribon Original" with "Nanika ga Kanojo Tōri Tsuita?".
Sabine Meyer : Her first teacher was her father, also a clarinetist.
Sabine Meyer : She began her career as a member of the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Berlin Philharmonic, where her appointment as one of the orchestra's first female members caused controversy.
Sabine Meyer : In addition to her work as a soloist, Sabine Meyer is a committed player of chamber music and plays all styles of classical music.
Sabine Meyer : Sabine Meyer (born 1959) is a German classical clarinetist.
Martha Wells : Her novels have been translated into eight languages.
Martha Wells : The speech was well-received and generated a great deal of discussion.
Martha Wells : in Anthropology from Texas A&M University.
Martha Wells : She lives in College Station, Texas, with her husband.
Martha Wells : Martha Wells was born in Fort Worth, Texas, and has a B.A.
Martha Wells : Martha Wells (born September 1, 1964) is an American writer of speculative fiction.
Martha Wells : Wells is known for the complex, realistically detailed societies she creates; this is often credited to her academic background in anthropology.
Martha Wells : This story features one of the main characters from "The Element of Fire."
Martha Wells : In 2006, she released a revised edition of "The Element of Fire".
Martha Wells : She has published a number of fantasy novels, young adult novels, media tie-ins, short stories, and nonfiction essays on fantasy and science fiction subjects.
Martha Wells : As an aspiring writer Wells attended many local writing workshops and conventions, including the Turkey City Writer's Workshop taught by Bruce Sterling.
Martha Wells : Her fourth novel was a stand-alone fantasy, "Wheel of the Infinite".
Martha Wells : She has also taught writing workshops at ArmadilloCon, WorldCon, ApolloCon, Writespace Houston, and was the Special Workshop Guest at FenCon in 2018.
Martha Wells : In May 2018, her novella "The Murderbot Diaries: All Systems Red" was number 8 on "The New York Times" Bestseller List for Audio.
Martha Wells : Wells has won a Nebula Award, two "Locus" Awards, and two Hugo Awards.
Martha Wells : "The Element of Fire" and "The Death of the Necromancer" are stand-alone novels which take place in the country of Ile-Rien, which is also the setting for the "Fall of Ile-Rien" trilogy: "The Wizard Hunters" (2003), "The Ships of Air" (2004), and "The Gate of Gods" (2005).
Martha Wells : Her third novel, "The Death of the Necromancer" (1998), was nominated for a Nebula Award.
Martha Wells : Three prequel short stories to the "Fall of Ile-Rien" trilogy were published in "Black Gate Magazine" in 2007 and 2008.
Martha Wells : During 2018, Wells was the leader of the story team and lead writer for the new Dominaria expansion of the card game "".
Martha Wells : Her fantasy short stories include "The Potter's Daughter" in the anthology "Elemental" (2006), which was selected to appear in "The Year's Best Fantasy #7" (2007).
Martha Wells : Wells was toastmaster of the World Fantasy Convention in 2017, where she delivered a speech called "Unbury the Future" about marginalized creators in the history of science fiction and fantasy, movies, and other media and the deliberate suppression of the existence of those creators.
Martha Wells : Wells has written two young adult fantasy novels, "Emilie and the Hollow World" and "Emilie and the Sky World" published by Angry Robot/Strange Chemistry in 2013 and 2014.
Martha Wells : Her second novel, "City of Bones" (1995) received a starred review from "Publishers Weekly" and a black diamond review from "Kirkus Reviews", and was on the 1995 "Locus" Recommended Reading List for fantasy.
Martha Wells : Wells' longest-running fantasy series is "The Books of the Raksura" which included five novels and two short fiction collections published by Night Shade Books: "The Cloud Roads" (2011), "The Serpent Sea" (2012), "The Siren Depths" (2012), "Stories of the Raksura Vol 1: The Falling World & The Tale of Indigo and Cloud" (2014), "Stories of the Raksura Vol 2: The Dead City & The Dark Earth Below" (2015), "The Edge of Worlds" (2016), and "The Harbors of the Sun" (2017).
Martha Wells : She has written media tie-ins, including "Reliquary" and "Entanglement" set in the "Stargate Atlantis" universe, "Archaeology 101", a short story based on "Stargate SG-1" for issue No.
Martha Wells : The series was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Series in 2018 and "The Edge of Worlds" was reviewed in "The New York Times".
Érika de Souza : Érika Cristina de Souza (born March 9, 1982) is a Brazilian professional basketball player for Uninassau Basquette of the Women's Brazilian Basketball League.
Érika de Souza : A member of the Brazil women's national basketball team, de Souza competed in three editions of the Olympic Games, 2004, 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics as well as four World Championships.
Jessica Harper : She has written eleven books for children, and made seven albums of songs for children.
Jessica Harper : She attended the North Shore Country Day School in Winnetka, Illinois, and Sarah Lawrence College in New York.
Jessica Harper : Jessica Harper (born October 10, 1949) is an American actress, producer, and singer.
Jessica Harper : She appeared in the fourth season of "It's Garry Shandling's Show" and in the Steven Spielberg/Tom Cruise film "Minority Report".
Jessica Harper : She has two sisters, Lindsay Harper duPontan illustrator and Diana Harper a teacher and three brothers: a twin brother, William Harper, a composer; Sam Harper, a screenwriter and director; and Charles Harper.
Jessica Harper : Her maternal grandfather, Charles Francis Emery, was an Episcopal priest.
Carmen Maura : From 1964 to 1970, she was married to a lawyer, Francisco Forteza, with whom she has two children, Carmen and Pablo.
Carmen Maura : María del Carmen García Maura (born 15 September 1945) is a Spanish actress.
Carmen Maura : Maura has won more Goya Awards for Best Leading Actress than any other actress in the history of Spanish film.
Carmen Maura : Maura was born in Madrid to Salvador García Santa-Cruz and Carmen Maura Arenzana.
Esperanza Aguirre : After her retirement, she divided her spare time between the dedication to her 6 grandchildren and her passion for golf.
Esperanza Aguirre : Known by her professed anglophilia, she has cited her admiration for the figure of Margaret Thatcher.
Esperanza Aguirre : She was head of the Department of Publicity and Tourism, where she remained until 1979.
Esperanza Aguirre : In 1976 Aguirre became a civil servant, as member of the Corps of Information of Tourism's Technicians.
Esperanza Aguirre : In 1987 she left the Liberal Party and joined Popular Alliance, which later, in 1989, was refounded as the People's Party (PP).
Esperanza Aguirre : The then new President, José María Aznar, appointed her to be Minister of Education, Culture and Sports.
Esperanza Aguirre : She was succeeded in those posts in 1999 by Mariano Rajoy.
Esperanza Aguirre : She studied in the "La Asunción" School and in the British Council School of Madrid and earned a degree in Law at the Complutense University of Madrid in 1974.
Esperanza Aguirre : She also chaired the People's Party of the Community of Madrid between 2004 and 2016.
Esperanza Aguirre : Esperanza Aguirre self-defines as a "liberal".
Esperanza Aguirre : Aguirre remained as President of the People's Party of the Community of Madrid.
Esperanza Aguirre : Esperanza Aguirre y Gil de Biedma (; born 3 January 1952) is a Spanish politician.
Esperanza Aguirre : According to Jorge del Palacio, Aguirre aimed to develop a Spanish version of the uneasy union between Conservatism and the Liberalism inspired by F. A. Hayek.
Esperanza Aguirre : In the general election of 1996 she was the candidate for the Senate for Madrid of the People's Party, after her designation as a member of the National Executive Committee of the Party; and she became a senator.
Esperanza Aguirre : While in opposition, she was a member of the Standing Committee of the Madrid City Council, a CP spokeswoman on the areas of Culture, Education, Youth and Sports Affairs, and the Moncloa-Aravaca district.
Esperanza Aguirre : She was replaced as spokesperson of the PP municipal group by José Luis Martínez-Almeida.
Esperanza Aguirre : When the regional elections took place in May 2003, the People's Party won a plurality of seats.
Esperanza Aguirre : However, the election of a leftist coalition was not possible due to two dissenting deputies of the PSOE, Eduardo Tamayo and María Teresa Sáez, who refused to obey the party whip in the first two votes, the election of the speaker and the election of the president.
Esperanza Aguirre : When the Liberal Union merged with the Liberal Party in December 1984, she held different positions in the National Executive and the Political Council of José Antonio Segurado's Liberal Party.
Esperanza Aguirre : Designated in 2015 by Mariano Rajoy as the PP's Mayoral candidate for the municipality of Madrid, she subsequently ran first in the PP's list for the May 2015 Madrid municipal election.
Esperanza Aguirre : Aguirre was born in Madrid on 3 January 1952 being the eldest daughter of José Luis Aguirre Borrell, a noted lawyer, and Piedad Gil de Biedma Vega de Seoane, the sister of the poet Jaime Gil de Biedma.
Esperanza Aguirre : Following an August 2019 request filed by the Prosecution service of the Audiencia Nacional before the instructing judge Manuel García-Castellón, the former charged Aguirre (along with her successors in the presidency of the Madrid region, Ignacio González and Cristina Cifuentes) with alleged crimes of illicit funding, diversion of public money and document forgery on 2 September 2019 in the proceedings of the Púnica corruption case.
Esperanza Aguirre : On 24 April 2017, she resigned as municipal councillor (and from all relating offices) after the imprisonment of her former right-hand man, Ignacio González (also her successor as regional president) for misappropriation of public funds in the Lezo corruption scandal.
Inger Miller : She is the daughter of Lennox Miller, an Olympic champion runner from Jamaica.
Inger Miller : Together with Jill Hawkins, Miller started Miller-Hawkins Productions, a full-service event coordinating company.
Inger Miller : She was 1999 World 200 m champion; 1999 World Champs 100 m silver medalist; 1996 Olympic 4 × 100 m relay gold medalist; 4 × 100 m relay gold medalist at 1997 World Champs; 2003 World Outdoor 4 × 100 m silver medalist.
Maria de la Pau Janer : Her father, Gabriel Janer Manila, is also a well-known writer.
Maria de la Pau Janer : Maria de la Pau Janer (; born 13 January 1966 in Majorca) is a writer from Spain who works in Spanish and Catalan.
Maria de la Pau Janer : She is a member of the Associació d'Escriptors en Llengua Catalana.
Maria de la Pau Janer : She was married to Joan Oliver Araujo.
Olga Neuwirth : for viola d'amore.
Olga Neuwirth : As a child at the age of seven, Neuwirth began lessons on the trumpet.
Olga Neuwirth : Olga Neuwirth (born 4 August 1968 in Graz) is an Austrian composer.
Olga Neuwirth : The surround recording released at Kairos was awarded the Diapason d'Or.
Olga Neuwirth : Earlier in her career, Neuwirth had the chance to meet with Italian composer Luigi Nono, who had similarly radical politics, and has claimed this had a strong influence on her life.
Olga Neuwirth : Her thesis was written on the music in Alain Resnais's film "L'Amour à mort".
Olga Neuwirth : In 1993/94 she studied with Tristan Murail and worked at IRCAM, producing such works as "...?risonanze!..."
Olga Neuwirth : In 1985/86, she studied music and art at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music with Elinor Armer.
Olga Neuwirth : She has numerous chamber music works released on the Kairos label, and has collaborated with Elfriede Jelinek on an opera of David Lynch's film "Lost Highway" incorporating both live and pre-recorded audio and visual feeds, alongside other electronics.
Olga Neuwirth : The world premiere took place in Graz in 2003, performed by the Klangforum Wien with the electronics realized at the Institut für Elektronische Musik (IEM).
Luuka Jones : Luuka Jones (born 18 October 1988) is a New Zealand slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2006.
Luuka Jones : At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro she won a silver medal in the K1 event.
Beatriz Paredes Rangel : Paredes Rangel studied Sociology at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) but never graduated.
Beatriz Paredes Rangel : Beatriz Elena Paredes Rangel (born 18 August 1953) is a Mexican politician who served as president of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Beatriz Paredes Rangel : In the 2006 Federal District election she ran for Head of Government (mayor) of Mexico City, representing an alliance of the PRI and the PVEM; she lost the election against Marcelo Ebrard.
Beatriz Paredes Rangel : She began her political career at the age of 21 as a Tlaxcala state deputy (1974–77) and then served as advisor for the Governor of Tlaxcala (1978–80).
Beatriz Paredes Rangel : In 1982 she was appointed Undersecretary for Agrarian Reform and from 1987 to 1992 she served as Governor of Tlaxcala.
Sofia Arvidsson : Lena Sofia Alexandra Arvidsson (born 16 February 1984) is a retired Swedish tennis player.
Malú : Malú (full name María Lucía Sánchez Benitez) is a Spanish singer.
Malú : The Spanish singer is the niece of the famous composer and guitarist Paco de Lucía, and is known for songs such as "Aprendiz", "Como Una Flor", "Toda", "Diles", "Si Estoy Loca" and "No Voy a Cambiar".
Kathryn Newton : Newton was born in Orlando, Florida, and is the only child of Robin and David Newton.
Kathryn Newton : Meanwhile, she also starred in two short films, "Abbie Down East" (2002) and "Bun-Bun" (2003).
Kathryn Newton : She started her career at age four, making her television debut on the soap opera "All My Children", playing Colby Marian Chandler from 2001 to 2004.
Kathryn Newton : In 2010 Newton won two Young Artist Awards for "Best Performance in a TV Comedy Series" and "Best Performance in a TV series (Comedy or Drama)" for Gary Unmarried.
Kathryn Newton : She had the lead role, Alex, in the 2012 film "Paranormal Activity 4", the fourth in the franchise, and won an award at the 34th Young Artist Awards for her performance in the film.
Kathryn Newton : In 2017, Newton appeared in the HBO series "Big Little Lies" based on the Liane Moriarty novel of the same name.
Kathryn Newton : Newton played the role of Chase Rubin-Rossi in the 2011 film "Bad Teacher" alongside Cameron Diaz.
Kathryn Newton : Beginning in season 10, she had a recurring role as Claire Novak on "Supernatural".
Kathryn Newton : In 2008 Newton was cast in the role of Louise Brooks in the CBS television series "Gary Unmarried".
Kathryn Newton : Kathryn Love Newton (born February 8, 1997) is an American actress, best known for her role as Allie Pressman in the Netflix TV series "The Society", Abigail Carlson in "Big Little Lies", Lucy Stevens in "Pokémon Detective Pikachu", Louise Brooks in the CBS television series "Gary Unmarried", as well as for her role as Alex Nelson in the 2012 film "Paranormal Activity 4", which earned her the 2013 Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actress in a Feature Film.
Kathryn Newton : She is also known for portraying the older version of Claire Novak in the CW series "Supernatural" and for her role as the older Joanie Clark in the AMC television series "Halt and Catch Fire".
Yargelis Savigne : Yargelis Savigne Herrera (born 13 November 1984 in Niceto Pérez, Guantanamo) is a Cuban athlete competing in the triple jump and long jump.
Yargelis Savigne : She won a gold medal at the 2007 World Championships in the triple jump, with a distance of 15.28 m. At the 2008 World Indoor Championships, Savigne lay in second before her final attempt, with an area record of 14.95 m, behind Hrysopiyi Devetzi's Greek record of 15.00 m. However, Savigne jumped 15.05 m on her final attempt to take the gold medal.
Marianne Thyssen : From 1999-2014 she served as leader of the European People's Party's (EPP) Belgian delegation and from 2004-2009 was elected first vice-president of the EPP.
Marianne Thyssen : In 2014 she was appointed to the European Commission as Commissioner in charge of Employment, Social Affairs, Skills and Labour Mobility for the European Union (EU).
Daniele Pietropolli : Daniele Pietropolli (born 11 July 1980 in Bussolengo, Veneto) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for .
Fiona Shaw : Her father, Denis Wilson, was an ophthalmic surgeon and her mother, Mary, was a physicist.
Fiona Shaw : She received her degree in philosophy at University College Cork.
Fiona Shaw : Shaw has collaborated with Warner on a number of occasions, on both stage and screen.
Fiona Shaw : She was awarded an Honorary CBE in 2001.
Fiona Shaw : Shaw is a lesbian and was previously in a relationship with actress Saffron Burrows.
Fiona Shaw : Shaw has also worked in film and television, including "My Left Foot" (1989), "Mountains of the Moon" (1990), "Three Men and a Little Lady" (1990), "Super Mario Bros." (1993), "Undercover Blues" (1993), "Persuasion" (1995), "Jane Eyre" (1996), "The Butcher Boy" (1997), "The Avengers" (1998), "Gormenghast" (2000), and five of the "Harry Potter" films in which she played Harry Potter's aunt Petunia Dursley.
Fiona Shaw : She received much acclaim as Julia in the National Theatre production of Richard Sheridan's "The Rivals" (1983).
Olga Kurylenko : One of her first acting appearances was in Seal's music video, "Love's Divine" in 2003, but her film career truly began in France during 2005.
Olga Kurylenko : Kurylenko moved from native Berdyansk to Moscow at 15.
Olga Kurylenko : Olga Konstiantinivna Kurylenko (born 14 November 1979) is a French-Ukrainian actress and model.
Olga Kurylenko : She married French fashion photographer Cedric van Mol in 2000, but the couple divorced four years later.
Olga Kurylenko : In 2007, she starred in "Hitman" alongside Timothy Olyphant.
Olga Kurylenko : She received the certificate of excellence award at the 2006 Brooklyn International Film Festival for her performance in "L'Annulaire", and also starred in the "Paris, je t'aime" segment ""Quartier de la Madeleine" opposite Elijah Wood.
Olga Kurylenko : She also appeared in "Oblivion", a science fiction film starring Tom Cruise and directed by Joseph Kosinski.
Cristina Tàrrega : Cristina Tárrega (Valencia, 1968) is a Spanish television presenter.
Cristina Tàrrega : She is married to the football player Mami Quevedo and they have a son.
Yolande Moreau : Yolande Moreau (born 27 February 1953) is a Belgian comedian, actress, film director and screenwriter.
Yolande Moreau : She made her directorial debut with the movie When the Sea Rises, which she co-wrote and starred in.
Yolande Moreau : In 1989, she joined Jérôme Deschamps and Macha Makeieff's troupe, of which she became one of the stars, especially on the TV programme, "Les Deschiens".
Marina Vlady : Marina Vlady (born Marina Catherine de Poliakoff-Baydaroff; 10 May 1938) is a French actress.
Marina Vlady : From 1955 to 1959, she was married to actor/director Robert Hossein.
Marina Vlady : From 1963 to 1966, she was married to Jean-Claude Brouillet, a French entrepreneur, owner of two airlines and member of French Resistance.
Marina Vlady : She lived with French oncologist Léon Schwartzenberg from the 1980s until his death in 2003.
Sandra Myers : Sandra Myers (born January 9, 1961 in Little River, Kansas) is a retired 400 metres sprinter who represented Spain after switching from the United States.
Sandra Myers : She became US champion at 400 metres hurdles in 1981, but received Spanish nationality in 1987 and competed for Spain since.
Sandra Myers : In 1991 she won a silver medal at the World Indoor Championships and a bronze medal at the World Championships.
Edda Moser : In 2006 she founded the yearly (Festival of German language).
Edda Moser : Three CDs documenting this festival have appeared thus far at the German publishing house Bastei Lübbe.
Edda Moser : She gave her farewell performance in Munich in 1999 at the Cuvilliés Theatre.
Edda Moser : Edda Moser is involved in promoting the use of proper German instead of Denglisch.
Edda Moser : She studied there at the Stern Conservatory with Hermann Weißenborn and Gerty König and made her debut as Kate Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly" at the Deutsche Oper Berlin in 1962.
Edda Moser : After retiring from opera, Moser remained active as a recitalist during the late 1990s.
Edda Moser : Edda Moser (born 27 October 1938) is a German operatic soprano.
Edda Moser : She maintained an extensive repertoire, singing both coloratura and lirico spinto roles.
Edda Moser : She made her American debut in November 1968, when she appeared at the Metropolitan Opera in the role of Wellgunde in "Das Rheingold".
Edda Moser : She gave several concerts in Germany with Ivan Törzs at the piano (Dresden, Semperoper 1997, 1999) with programs ranging from Johann Adolph Hasse to Clara Schumann and Richard Strauss.
Edda Moser : Various albums on EMI with Lieder by Robert Schumann ("Frauenliebe und -leben"), Clara Schumann ("Drei Lieder nach Friedrich Rückert"), Brahms, Wolf ("Mignon Lieder"), Strauss ("Brentano Lieder", "Ophelia Lieder"), Pfitzner and Schubert.
Vicky Leandros : In 2000 Leandros started producing her own records.
Vicky Leandros : In 1958 her parents took her to Germany where she stayed with her father permanently after her parents' divorce.
Vicky Leandros : The album "Jetzt" / "Now" was a success and her own compositions received critical praise.
Vicky Leandros : From 1982 until 1986 Leandros was married to Greek entrepreneur Ivan Zissiadis the father of her son Leandros Zissiadis (born 1980).
Vicky Leandros : Leandros has received various awards including gold and platinum records from all around the world for discs that have sold in excess of 150 million copies.
Vicky Leandros : In 1965 Leandros released her first single "Messer, Gabel, Schere, Licht".
Vicky Leandros : Vassiliki Papathanasiou (, born 23 August 1949), generally known as Vicky Leandros (), is a Greek singer living in Germany.
Vicky Leandros : Her father wanted to expand his career and went to Germany while she grew up at her grandmother's house until the age of eight.
Vicky Leandros : Enno owns and manages the country estate Gut Basthorst since 1982 In 2005 Leandros and Enno separated after 19 years of marriage.
Vicky Leandros : Leandros was born in Palaiokastritsa, Corfu.
Vicky Leandros : In 1967 she received an offer to sing for Luxembourg at the "Eurovision Song Contest" with the song "L'amour est bleu".
Vicky Leandros : She is the daughter of singer, musician and composer Leandros Papathanasiou (; also known as Leo Leandros as well as Mario Panas).
Annerys Vargas : There she was awarded best server and blocker.
Annerys Vargas : She was selected tournament's "Best Blocker".
Annerys Vargas : While playing a game Puerto Rico, where she was such an idol, she lost a shoe and a fan jumped to the court and picked it up, she had to finish the game with just one shoe.
Annerys Vargas : The same season she won the 2007 CEV Top Teams Cup.
Annerys Vargas : After winning the Superliga, she celebrated with her team taking a bath at the Murcia's Plaza Circular.
Annerys Vargas : She participated at the 2008 FIVB Women's World Olympic Qualification Tournament, and her team finished in 4th place failing to qualify to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Annerys Vargas : Playing with the Spanish team Grupo 2002 Murcia, win the Supercup, Queen Cup and Spanish Superliga.
Annerys Vargas : Later that year, she won the Best Blocker and bronze medal at the 2003 NORCECA Championship.
Annerys Vargas : Joined the Puerto Rican professional team Vaqueras de Bayamón from the LVSF for the 2005 season.
Annerys Vargas : After a successful 2006 season, she won the Dominican Republic "Volleyball Athlete of the Year" award.
Annerys Vargas : Won the 2008 CEV Challenge Cup with Vakifbank Gunes Sigorta Stambuł and was awarded "Best Blocker".
Annerys Vargas : Annerys Victoria Vargas Valdez (born August 7, 1981 in Santo Domingo) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who won four consecutive gold medals at the Central American and Caribbean Games.
Roseanne Barr : They're the final arbiters."
Roseanne Barr : Because then it wouldn't be Hillary."
Roseanne Barr : Their efforts to have children were unsuccessful.
Roseanne Barr : The 'domestic goddess', the whole thing."
Roseanne Barr : I totally lost touch with reality ... (and) I didn't know what the truth was ...
Roseanne Barr : "I think we would be so lucky if Trump won.
Roseanne Barr : The couple stayed together until 2002.
Roseanne Barr : A shouting match in a hallway reportedly ensued.
Roseanne Barr : I just wanted to drop a bomb on my family".
Roseanne Barr : Hitler jokes are never funny."
Roseanne Barr : Since it was six months past the statute of limitations, the suit was thrown out.
Roseanne Barr : She ended up voting for President Obama.
Roseanne Barr : She also stated she would run for Prime Minister of Israel.
Roseanne Barr : Barr said, "[so] my mother called in a rabbi to pray for me, but nothing happened.
Roseanne Barr : She threatened to quit the show if Williams did not leave.
Roseanne Barr : Geraldine said they did not speak for 12 years, but had reconciled.
Roseanne Barr : Although 13 episodes were in production, a hysterectomy brought a premature end to both projects.
Roseanne Barr : Instead, she took her chances with an ambitious project – a real movie.
Roseanne Barr : Her candidacy called attention to economics, personal health and meditation.
Roseanne Barr : While institutionalized, she had a baby, whom she put up for adoption.
Roseanne Barr : She later stated on her website that the project had been canceled.
Roseanne Barr : Her behavior changed so radically that she was institutionalized for eight months at Utah State Hospital.
Roseanne Barr : Barr hosts the show as herself.
Roseanne Barr : A pilot was filmed but initially ended up being shelved by the network.
Roseanne Barr : ABC let Williams go after the thirteenth episode.
Roseanne Barr : In 1991, she voiced the baby Julie in "Look Who's Talking Too".
Roseanne Barr : She did not appear on the ballot in her home state of Hawaii, which did not allow write-in votes.
Roseanne Barr : Barr purchased the property in 2007 for $1.78 million.
Roseanne Barr : In October 2011, NBC picked up the show but later dropped ir.
Roseanne Barr : Barr is on the autism spectrum.
Roseanne Barr : Barr has stated she supports gay marriage.
Roseanne Barr : The shows took place at De Montfort Hall.
Roseanne Barr : They had three children: Jessica, Jennifer, and Jake.
Roseanne Barr : On September 19, she appeared at the Occupy Wall Street protests and spoke in support of the protestors.
Roseanne Barr : She added that not everything was "made up", saying, "Nobody accuses their parents of abusing them without justification".
Roseanne Barr : Jim Vallely of "Arrested Development" had been tapped to pen the series.
Roseanne Barr : It was the most popular ad, based on the number of TiVo users rewinding and watching it over.
Roseanne Barr : Barr called her progressive politics the sole reason behind the pilot's rejection.
Roseanne Barr : She was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress.
Roseanne Barr : Barr also said she made the tweet, which she called wrong and indefensible, at 2:00 am while on Ambien, a sedative.
Roseanne Barr : Barr refused to say certain lines and eventually walked off set.
Roseanne Barr : In 2005, she returned to stand-up comedy with a world tour.
Roseanne Barr : "She stated any 'guilty' Wall Street bankers should be forced to give up any income over $100 million, and if they are unable to live on that, be sent to re-education camps, and if that doesn't help be beheaded".
Roseanne Barr : Sheehan was told it was too late to have her name removed, so she instead announced that she would be leaving the campaign.
Roseanne Barr : Barr later deleted her tweet.
Roseanne Barr : They live on a macadamia nut farm located on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Roseanne Barr : Her Jewish upbringing was influenced by her devoutly Orthodox Jewish maternal grandmother.
Roseanne Barr : Pentland and Barr divorced on January 16, 1990.
Roseanne Barr : Barr refuses to use the term "blue collar" because it masks the issue of class.
Roseanne Barr : She said she was notified that the show would not be picked up due to its being labeled "too polarizing" by network executives.
Roseanne Barr : On July 14, she came in second, losing the nomination to Jill Stein.
Roseanne Barr : She played Kathy Griffin's fairy godmother, granting her wish to be on the A-List for one night only.
Roseanne Barr : Barr has stated, "Friday, Saturday, and Sunday morning I was a Jew; Sunday afternoon, Tuesday afternoon, and Wednesday afternoon we were Mormons."
Roseanne Barr : She remained the only one to have done so until comedian Chelsea Handler hosted in 2010.
Roseanne Barr : During the late 1990s she had gastric bypass surgery.
Roseanne Barr : Her father's family were Jewish emigrants from Russia, and her maternal grandparents were Jewish emigrants from Austria-Hungary and Lithuania.
Roseanne Barr : She received 67,326 votes nationwide, placing sixth overall with 0.05% of the popular vote; Stein, who appeared on the ballot of thirty-six states and the District of Columbia, placed far ahead of her in fourth place with 0.36% of the popular vote and 469,627 votes.
Roseanne Barr : The show premiered on October 18, 1988, and was watched by 21.4 million households, making it the highest-rated debut of that season.
Roseanne Barr : In November 1994, she became pregnant through in-vitro fertilization and they had a son named Buck.
Roseanne Barr : The conspiracy theory falsely claims Hogg gave a Nazi salute at a March for Our Lives rally on March 24.
Roseanne Barr : Melvin Belli, her parents' lawyer, said they had passed a lie detector test "with flying colors".
Roseanne Barr : In January 2011, Barr released her third book, "Roseannearchy: Dispatches from the Nut Farm".
Roseanne Barr : From 2009 to 2010, she hosted a politically themed radio show on KPFK.
Roseanne Barr : She disputed allegations of racism, saying she believed Jarrett was Saudi (or white).
Roseanne Barr : Following her rendition, she mimicked the often-seen actions of players by spitting and grabbing her crotch as if adjusting a protective cup.
Roseanne Barr : In 1994, she released a second book, "My Lives".
Roseanne Barr : The magazine's publisher, Josh Neuman, said the photos were taken for satire and were not done for shock value.
Roseanne Barr : She told Tanner Stransky of "Entertainment Weekly", "We built the show around my actual life and my kids.
Roseanne Barr : "Roseanne" ran for nine seasons from 1988 to 1997.
Roseanne Barr : In August 2015, summary judgment was granted in favor of Barr.
Roseanne Barr : She formally announced her candidacy for the party's presidential nomination on February 2.
Roseanne Barr : She later said she was singing as loudly as possible to hear herself over the public-address system, so her rendition of the song sounded "screechy".
Roseanne Barr : A July CNN story reported she did not endorse Trump as she only supports herself for president—"I will be writing myself in in every election from now until I win."
Roseanne Barr : Despite questions of her sincerity regarding her campaign, Barr and her family have insisted her desire to run for president was "very real."
Roseanne Barr : At 16, Barr was hit by a car; the incident left her with a traumatic brain injury.
Roseanne Barr : When Barr was three years old, she got Bell's palsy on the left side of her face.
Roseanne Barr : Over 300 hours were filmed and were released as a film called "Roseanne for President!"
Roseanne Barr : Barr's surrogate reportedly chided the party for not respecting Barr's candidacy.
Roseanne Barr : She appeared three times on "Saturday Night Live" from 1991 to 1994, co-hosting with then-husband Tom Arnold in 1992.
Roseanne Barr : In an interview with "The Jewish Daily Forward" she invoked tikkun olam in her support of bringing women into politics and religion.
Roseanne Barr : She later tried out at The Comedy Store in Los Angeles and went on to appear on "The Tonight Show" in 1985.
Roseanne Barr : Barr has studied Kabbalah at the Kabbalah Centre and frequently comments on the discipline.
Roseanne Barr : Barr referred to the tweet as a "bad joke".
Roseanne Barr : Film critic Roger Ebert gave her a positive review saying, "Barr could have made an easy, predictable and dumb comedy at any point in the last couple of years.
Roseanne Barr : She told Oprah Winfrey, "I was in a very unhappy relationship and I was prescribed numerous psychiatric drugs ... to deal with the fact that I had some mental illness ...
Roseanne Barr : Barr's parents kept their Jewish heritage secret from their neighbors and were partially involved in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Roseanne Barr : In her routine she popularized the phrase, "domestic goddess", to refer to a homemaker or housewife.
Roseanne Barr : In a later interview with Sean Hannity, Barr said that her tweet was intended to be a political statement rather than racial one.
Roseanne Barr : In 1998, she portrayed the Wicked Witch of the West in a production of "The Wizard of Oz" at Madison Square Garden.
Roseanne Barr : Barr, who is Jewish, said she was "making fun of Hitler, not his victims".
Roseanne Barr : She won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her work on the show.
Roseanne Barr : In the same interview, Werner said, "I don't think Roseanne, to this day, understands that this is something legislated by the Writers Guild, and it's part of what every show has to deal with.
Roseanne Barr : She released her first children's DVD, "Rockin' with Roseanne: Calling All Kids", that month.
Roseanne Barr : After stating that he would not, Barr's former spouse Tom Arnold appeared on the roast.
Roseanne Barr : Her paternal grandfather changed his surname from "Borisofsky" to "Barr" upon entering the United States.
Roseanne Barr : She and Tom Werner later came to an agreement on relinquishing her producer's stake in a spin-off titled "The Conners", which ABC ordered for the fall season soon after.
Roseanne Barr : Barr was roasted by Comedy Central in August 2012.
Roseanne Barr : Barr was offered the role of Peg Bundy in "Married... with Children" but turned it down.
Roseanne Barr : In the mid-1990s, Barr had multiple cosmetic surgeries performed, such as a breast reduction, tummy tuck, and a nose job.
Roseanne Barr : It pays off, in that Barr demonstrates that there is a core of reality inside her TV persona, a core of identifiable human feelings like jealousy and pride, and they provide a sound foundation for her comic acting."
Roseanne Barr : In November 2018, Barr was said to have had a heart attack, but she later went on social media and said she was not suffering from any medical issues.
Roseanne Barr : That same year, she made her film debut in "She-Devil", playing a scorned housewife, Ruth.
Roseanne Barr : In March 2008, she headlined an act at the Sahara Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
Roseanne Barr : Years later, Barr learned that Bell's palsy was usually temporary and that the Mormon elder came "exactly at the right time".
Roseanne Barr : Barr was part of an incest recovery group, something she said her parents knew about but for which they were "in denial".
Roseanne Barr : Within three weeks, the television show was revived as spinoff "The Conners", with mostly the same cast and crew, minus Barr.
Roseanne Barr : The revival of her show in March 2018 caused the photos to resurface on social media and renewed mentions of the incident in the Jewish magazine "The Forward" and the "Los Angeles Times", among others.
Roseanne Barr : It reads "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj" .
Roseanne Barr : Barr was initially defensive, but later posted an apology "for making a bad joke about [Jarrett's] politics and her looks."
Roseanne Barr : In 1997, she made guest appearances on "3rd Rock from the Sun" and "The Nanny".
Roseanne Barr : Barr later revealed that she was misdiagnosed and that her vision problem is really due to a mole resting behind her eye, which can be corrected through surgery.
Roseanne Barr : The success of her act led to her own series on ABC, called "Roseanne".
Roseanne Barr : After being fired by Roseanne, Geraldine filed a $70.3 million breach of contract lawsuit in Superior Court of Los Angeles County on December 18, 1991.
Roseanne Barr : In 2004, she voiced Maggie, one of the main characters in the animated film "Home on the Range".
Roseanne Barr : Geraldine claimed Arnold tried to dominate Barr "for his own reasons".
Roseanne Barr : During the first season, Barr sought more creative control over the show, opposing Williams' authority.
Roseanne Barr : A ratings success, it was renewed for an additional season, but was canceled after Barr made a controversial tweet condemned as racist by many commentators.
Roseanne Barr : Barr appeared on the ballot in California,
Roseanne Barr : Moore developed the comedy fest with comedian Jeff Garlin.
Roseanne Barr : In 1970, when Barr was 18 years old, she moved out by informing her parents she was going to visit a friend in Colorado for two weeks, but never returned.
Roseanne Barr : She is the oldest of four children born to Helen (née Davis), a bookkeeper and cashier, and Jerome Hershel "Jerry" Barr, who worked as a salesman.
Roseanne Barr : Later that day, ABC canceled "Roseanne" and removed the show's content from the network website.
Roseanne Barr : In a 1991 interview with "People", Barr described herself as an incest survivor, accusing both of her parents of physical and sexual abuse, claims which they and Geraldine publicly denied.
Roseanne Barr : Fox News TV host Bill O'Reilly was highly critical of her for "mocking the Holocaust" and "Extra"'s Mario Lopez stated "Come on, Roseanne.
Roseanne Barr : On April 15, 2009, Barr made an appearance on Bravo's 2nd Annual A-List Awards in the opening scenes.
Roseanne Barr : In 2002, Barr met Johnny Argent online after running a writing competition on her blog and began dating him in 2003, after a year of phone conversations.
Roseanne Barr : She released her autobiography in 1989, titled "Roseanne—My Life As a Woman".
Roseanne Barr : For the final two seasons, Barr earned $40 million, making her the second-highest-paid woman in show business at the time, after Oprah Winfrey.
Roseanne Barr : Barbara Ehrenreich called Barr a working-class spokesperson representing "the hopeless underclass of the female sex: polyester-clad, overweight occupants of the slow track; fast-food waitresses, factory workers, housewives, members of the invisible pink-collar army; the despised, the jilted, the underpaid," but a master of "the kind of class-militant populism that the Democrats, most of them anyway, never seem to get right."
Roseanne Barr : Roseanne Barr has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on the north side of the 6700 block of Hollywood Blvd.
Roseanne Barr : Sanofi, which manufactures Ambien, responded by tweeting that "racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication", though noted Ambien had been linked to reduced inhibitions.
Roseanne Barr : Zimmerman's parents allege that Barr sought to "cause a lynch mob to descend" on their home.
Roseanne Barr : Roseanne Cherrie Barr (born November 3, 1952) is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and politician.
Roseanne Barr : Barr's return to the stage culminated in an HBO Comedy Special "Roseanne Barr: Blonde N Bitchin"', which aired November 2006, on HBO.
Roseanne Barr : Geraldine was also Barr's manager while performing in comedy clubs and at the start of her sitcom.
Roseanne Barr : On August 4, 2012, Barr won the presidential nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party.
Roseanne Barr : She said Barr promised her half the earnings from the "Roseanne" show for helping invent the "domestic goddess" character in 1981, serving as "writer, organizer, accountant, bookkeeper and confidante".
Roseanne Barr : In the summer of 2003, she took on the dual role of hosting a cooking show called "Domestic Goddess" and starring in a reality show called "The Real Roseanne Show" about hosting a cooking show.
Roseanne Barr : Barr won an Emmy, a Golden Globe, a Kids Choice Award, and three American Comedy Awards for her part in the show.
Roseanne Barr : After failed discussions with ABC as well as CBS and Fox, Carsey-Werner and Barr agreed not to continue the negotiations.
Roseanne Barr : Roseanne Barr was born on November 3, 1952, in Salt Lake City, Utah, to a Jewish family.
Roseanne Barr : Barr became outraged when she watched the first episode of "Roseanne" and noticed that in the credits, Williams was listed as creator.
Roseanne Barr : Barr filed with the Federal Election Commission as a Green Party presidential candidate in January 2012.
Roseanne Barr : At six years old, Barr discovered her first public stage by lecturing at LDS churches around Utah and was elected president of a Mormon youth group.
Roseanne Barr : Barr filed for divorce from Tom Arnold on April 18, 1994 in the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, citing irreconcilable differences.
Roseanne Barr : That same year, Barr hosted her own talk show, "The Roseanne Show", which ran for two years before it was canceled in 2000.
Roseanne Barr : Since 2008, she and partner Johnny Argent have hosted a weekly radio show on Sundays, on KCAA in the Los Angeles area, called "The Roseanne and Johnny Show".
Roseanne Barr : On November 28, 2014, Barr's series, "Momsters: When Moms Go Bad" debuted on the Investigation Discovery cable network, a network that she says she's a "little obsessed with".
Roseanne Barr : The cancellation announcement from ABC president Channing Dungey, the first African-American woman to head the network, called Barr's remark "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values."
Roseanne Barr : The Nazi theme was reportedly her suggestion, and featured her with a Hitler mustache and swastika arm-band, holding a tray of burnt gingerbread man cookies the article referred to as "burnt Jew cookies".
Roseanne Barr : In 2014, the parents of George Zimmerman, the man known for fatally shooting Trayvon Martin in a fight, filed a lawsuit against Barr for tweeting their home address and phone number in 2012.
Roseanne Barr : Barr revisited this incident during her "Comedy Central Roast" in 2012, wherein she once again belted out the last few bars of the national anthem, without screeching.
Roseanne Barr : "Roseanne" was revived in 2018 on ABC.
Roseanne Barr : On May 29, 2018, Barr responded to a thread on Twitter about Valerie Jarrett, a senior advisor to former President Obama.
Roseanne Barr : In April 2007, Barr hosted season three of "The Search for the Funniest Mom in America" on Nick at Nite.
Roseanne Barr : Barr had met Arnold in 1983 in Minneapolis, where he opened for her stand-up comedy act.
Roseanne Barr : On August 5, 2011, Barr appeared on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and announced her candidacy for president in the 2012 presidential election, running on the self-created "Green Tea Party" ticket.
Roseanne Barr : On May 29, 2018, the series was canceled by ABC in the aftermath of a tweet widely considered to be racist.
Roseanne Barr : Barr had crafted a "fierce working-class domestic goddess" persona in the eight years preceding her sitcom and wanted to do a realistic show about a strong mother "who was not a victim of patriarchal consumerism."
Roseanne Barr : In 1970, when she was 17, Barr had a child, Brandi Ann Brown, whom she placed for adoption; they were later reunited.
Roseanne Barr : That same year, Barr became the first female comedian to host the MTV Video Music Awards on her own.
Roseanne Barr : In 2015, Barr revealed she had been diagnosed with both macular degeneration and glaucoma, and thus was gradually losing her eyesight and expected to eventually go blind; she was consuming medical marijuana to decrease her intraocular pressure that is a feature of these diseases.
Roseanne Barr : On February 14, 2011, Barr and Geraldine appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" where Barr admitted the word "incest" could have been the wrong word to use and should have waited until her therapy was over before revealing the "darkest time" in her life.
Roseanne Barr : Barr was given a prime speaking role at the Green Party National Convention in Baltimore, Maryland, but decided to instead send a surrogate (Farheen Hakeem) to speak on her behalf.
Roseanne Barr : In 2011, she appeared in a Super Bowl XLV commercial for Snickers along with comedian Richard Lewis.
Roseanne Barr : Barr was followed by a film crew throughout her entire campaign, with documentarian Eric Weinrib directing, leading to questions about the sincerity of her campaign.
Roseanne Barr : On March 23, 2009, it was announced that Barr would be returning to primetime with a new sitcom, wherein she would once again play the matriarch.
Roseanne Barr : Eric Gilliland was attached as co-creator, writer and executive producer; Gilliland was also a writer on "Roseanne".
Roseanne Barr : While in Colorado, Barr did stand-up gigs in clubs in Denver and other Colorado towns.
Roseanne Barr : Barr repeatedly criticized Jill Stein after losing the Green Party nomination, and caused controversy by using alleged transphobic words in statements about Stein on Twitter.
Roseanne Barr : Stein chose Cheri Honkala as her running-mate after campaign manager Ben Manski said Barr was shortlisted for the job.
Roseanne Barr : Barr began her career in stand-up comedy before gaining acclaim in the television sitcom "Roseanne" (1988–1997; 2018).
Roseanne Barr : Barr later said that the Padres had suggested she "bring humor to the song", but many criticized the episode, including President George H. W. Bush, who called her rendition "disgraceful".
Roseanne Barr : In February 2006, Barr performed her first-ever live dates in Europe as part of the Leicester Comedy Festival in Leicester, England.
Roseanne Barr : On July 13, 2011, "Roseanne's Nuts", a reality show featuring Barr, boyfriend Johnny Argent, and son Jake as they run a macadamia nut and livestock farm in Big Island, Hawaii was premiered on Lifetime but, was canceled in September of that year.
Roseanne Barr : In 1986, she performed on a Rodney Dangerfield special and on "Late Night with David Letterman", and the following year had her own HBO special called "The Roseanne Barr Show", which earned her an American Comedy Award for the funniest female performer in a television special.
Roseanne Barr : In 1987, "The Cosby Show" executive producers Marcy Carsey and Tom Werner wanted to bring a "no-perks family comedy" to television.
Roseanne Barr : Shortly after losing the Green Party nomination, Barr announced that she would run on the Peace and Freedom Party ticket with activist Cindy Sheehan as her running mate.
Roseanne Barr : On April 28, 2017, it was reported that Barr, along with most of the original cast, were shopping an eight-episode revival of "Roseanne", with its original cast and Barr serving as producer, to various networks and Netflix.
Roseanne Barr : On May 16, 2017, ABC picked up the revival for mid-season 2018.
Roseanne Barr : Two nights earlier, Barr had returned to primetime network TV with a guest spot on NBC's "My Name Is Earl", playing a crazy trailer park manager.
Roseanne Barr : Barr voiced her support for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in a June 2016 "The Hollywood Reporter" interview.
Roseanne Barr : On February 4, 1974, Barr married Bill Pentland, a motel clerk she met while in Colorado.
Roseanne Barr : Barr has a lesbian sister, Geraldine Barr, and a gay brother, Ben Barr, both of whom inspired her to introduce gay characters into her sitcom.
Roseanne Barr : In 2010, Barr appeared in Jordan Brady's documentary about stand-up comedy, "I Am Comic".
Roseanne Barr : On February 14, 1995, Barr married Ben Thomas, her one-time personal security guard, at Caesars Tahoe with a reception at Planet Hollywood.
Roseanne Barr : In late March 2018, Barr tweeted about a conspiracy theory involving David Hogg, a survivor of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, Florida.
Roseanne Barr : They hired "Cosby" writer Matt Williams to write a script about factory workers and signed Barr to play Roseanne Conner.
Roseanne Barr : On July 25, 1990, Barr performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" off-key before a baseball game between the San Diego Padres and Cincinnati Reds at Jack Murphy Stadium.
Roseanne Barr : Barr gave Amy Sherman-Palladino and Joss Whedon their first writing jobs on "Roseanne".
Roseanne Barr : Barr elicited criticism in July 2009 when she posed as Adolf Hitler in a feature for the satirical Jewish publication "Heeb" magazine, called "That Oven Feelin.
Roseanne Barr : Four days later, on January 20, 1990, Barr married fellow comedian Tom Arnold and became known as Roseanne Arnold during the marriage.
Roseanne Barr : In the summer of 2014 Barr joined Keenen Ivory Wayans and Russell Peters as a judge on "Last Comic Standing" on NBC.
Roseanne Barr : In February 2010, Barr headlined the inaugural Traverse City Comedy Arts Festival in a project of the Traverse City Film Festival, founded by filmmaker Michael Moore.
Roseanne Barr : In August 2011, it was reported that Barr was working on a new sitcom with 20th Century Fox Television titled "Downwardly Mobile".
Roseanne Barr : On March 30, 2018, ABC renewed the series for an 11th season, with thirteen episodes.
Roseanne Barr : In 1988, Barr brought Arnold onto her sitcom, "Roseanne", as a writer.
Roseanne Barr : On March 27, 2018, the revived, 10th season of "Roseanne" premiered on ABC to high ratings.
Roseanne Barr : Barr's running mate, Cindy Sheehan, immediately had disagreements with Barr, from Barr's views on policy, to Barr's desire to only campaign online, and Barr's treatment of Green Party nominee Jill Stein, leading Sheehan to request that her name be taken off the Peace and Freedom Party ticket.
Roseanne Barr : During "Roseanne"s final season, Barr was in negotiations between Carsey-Werner Productions and ABC executives to continue playing Roseanne Conner in a spin-off.
Pauline Marois : ".
Pauline Marois : Her mother's efforts to have the family recite the Holy Rosary at night generally lasted for two or three days.
Pauline Marois : Her three brothers, Denis, Robert and Marc, and her sister, Jeannine, would all graduate with university degrees.
Pauline Marois : According to Marois, her parents were nationalists and devout Catholics, but remained rather uninvolved politically.
Pauline Marois : A daughter of Marie-Paule (born Gingras) and Grégoire Marois, a heavy machinery mechanic, she is the oldest of five children.
Pauline Marois : On September 4, 2012, Marois led her party to minority victory in the Quebec general election, thus becoming the first female premier in the province's history.
Pauline Marois : Marois has recalled that her father was sympathetic to the ideas of the Social Credit and the "Union Nationale" party; he kept current with the news and even bought the family a television set in the early 1950s.
Pauline Marois : She was raised in a small two-story brick house built by her father in Saint-Étienne-de-Lauzon, a village now amalgamated with the city of Lévis, facing the provincial capital on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River.
Pauline Marois : During her youth, Marois recalls in her autobiography, published in 2008, her parents had "profound intuitions", and although her father regretted his own lack of status and education, he was ready to sacrifice to get a decent education for his children.
Pauline Marois : Marois was born at Saint-François d'Assise Hospital in Limoilou, a working-class neighborhood of Quebec City.
Pauline Marois : Pauline Marois (; born March 29, 1949) is a Canadian politician from Quebec, who served as the 30th Premier of Quebec (2012–2014) and was leader of the Parti Québécois (2007–2014).
Stoya : Stoya was born to a Scottish father and a Serbian mother.
Stoya : Some of her jobs in Philadelphia included being a secretary, flier distributor, and a go-go dancer.
Stoya : As a child, she wanted to become a dancer, starting dance lessons at the age of three.
Stoya : She was home-schooled and received her high-school diploma before the age of sixteen.
Stoya : On June 25, 2018 Stoya published her first book.
Stoya : She financed and directed her first film in February 2014.
Stoya : After careful consideration, Stoya agreed.
Stoya : That eventually led her to modelling and working for alt-erotic websites.
Stoya : In October 2007, Digital Playground signed her to an exclusive, three-year contract.
Stoya : Stoya appeared in several music videos for bands that, according to her, "no one will ever hear of."
Stoya : After relocating to Philadelphia, she attended a summer program at UArts.
Stoya : As of 2014, she left Digital Playground and is now focusing her career on directing.
Stoya : Because her father worked in IT, Stoya had access to a lot of electronics and gaming equipment, which she says developed her love for technology.
Stoya : Stoya has acknowledged the importance of social networking in her career; she is active on MySpace, Twitter, Tumblr, and various Internet forums.
Stoya : Afterwards, she dated pornographic actor James Deen for several years.
Stoya : The scene in question never happened, but, in August 2007, she met with several Digital Playground representatives and was asked if she would star in a pornographic movie with male talent.
Stoya : In 2009, Stoya appeared in her first mainstream crossover project as Kamikazi Shegun 5000 in the award-winning 48 Hour Film Project "The Kingpin of Pain."
Stoya : Stoya was featured in two DVD productions for Razordolls, and she made a non-sex, cameo appearance in two Vivid Alt titles before being contacted by Digital Playground with a proposition to perform in a hardcore lesbian scene with Sophia Santi.
Stoya : The first scene that she shot for them was for "Stoya Video Nasty" (promoted on the DVD box as the first film featuring her engaging in heterosexual intercourse), but her first movie released by the company was "Jack's POV 9".
Sabine Lisicki : Her off-court interests include reading, music, and athletics.
Sabine Lisicki : She is fluent in German, English and Polish.
Sabine Lisicki : She is gluten-intolerant.
Sabine Lisicki : Her father, who introduced her to the sport at the age of seven, has a doctorate in sport science and is her coach.
Sabine Lisicki : Her serve is often regarded as her main weapon and with it, for the year up to November 2013, she was ranked fifth in the WTA for first service points won, 70.7%, and fifth for service games won, 73.7%.
Sabine Lisicki : Since 2004, Lisicki has trained at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Bradenton, Florida, where she is sponsored and managed by IMG.
Sabine Lisicki : Lisicki's parents emigrated to West Germany from Poland in 1979; her father, Dr. Richard Lisicki, is of German and Polish descent and her mother, Elisabeth, of Polish.
Sabine Lisicki : In the bronze medal match, they lost to third seeds Mike Bryan and Lisa Raymond.
Sabine Lisicki : Lisicki reached the second round at Roland Garros where she retired against compatriot Mona Barthel after injuring her wrist.
Sabine Lisicki : Sabine Katharina Lisicki (; born 22 September 1989) is a German tennis player.
Sabine Lisicki : She also held the record for the most aces in a singles match, hitting 27 aces during her second-round encounter against Belinda Bencic at the 2015 Aegon Classic, until it was surpassed by Kristýna Plíšková at the 2016 Australian Open.
Sabine Lisicki : In doing so she became only the second woman in Wimbledon history to make it to the semifinals while entering the tournament as a wildcard.
Sabine Lisicki : She finished her year ranked as world number 15.
Sabine Lisicki : In October, Lisicki reached her first WTA final at the Tashkent Open, where she lost in three sets to fellow teenager Sorana Cîrstea.
Sabine Lisicki : Lisicki carried her good form over to Miami where she beat fellow countrywoman Julia Görges, Ana Ivanovic, and Sara Errani to advance to her second Premier Mandatory quarterfinal in a row.
Mónica Cruz : She is the younger sister of actress Penélope Cruz.
Mónica Cruz : She gave birth to her first child, Antonella Cruz Sánchez on May 14, 2013.
Mónica Cruz : In 2005, she starred in the Spanish television show "Un Paso Adelante" alongside Beatriz Luengo, Miguel Ángel Muñoz, Pablo Puyol and Silvia Marty.
Mónica Cruz : She is the middle child of three; older sister Penélope is an actress, and younger brother Eduardo (born in 1986) is a singer.
Magdalena Álvarez : After this election, she was named as Minister of Public Works.
Magdalena Álvarez : In March 2014 the judge imposed Ms Alvarez a civil bail of 29 million Euros and proceeded to seize several properties and 6 bank accounts when she was unable to provide the guarantee.
Magdalena Álvarez : Just before those elections, in January, Álvarez – married and the mother of one daughter – was elected president of the Socialist Political Conference committee.
Magdalena Álvarez : Magdalena Álvarez Arza is a Spanish Politician, who from 2004 to 2009 served as Minister of Public Works (Fomento).
Magdalena Álvarez : During her time as a minister, neither of her two budgets were approved by the Parliament.
Magdalena Álvarez : Álvarez holds a doctorate in Economic and Business Science from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, and taught Economics at the Spanish National Open University between 1977 and 1990; at the Escuela de Prácticas Jurídicas in Málaga (1981–1989); and at the Instituto de Estudios Fiscales (1981–1989).
Magdalena Álvarez : In 1996, after the regional elections, she was confirmed in her post by Chaves, subsequently focusing on the payment of Andalucía's public debt and autonomous finance.
Magdalena Álvarez : On 2 July 2013 Alvarez was formally charged by Judge Alaya in the ERE case in Andalusia, due to a consistent pattern of alleged misappropriation of public funds between 2001 and 2010 under the leadership of the PSOE.
Magdalena Álvarez : In the Spanish General Election of 2004, she was number one on the Socialist list for the Chamber of Deputies for the Province of Mâlaga, while supporting José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero in his successful bid to become Prime Minister of Spain.
Magdalena Álvarez : She was Chief Inspector of the Tax delegation to Málaga from 1987–1989, Director of Regional Economic Incentives (1989–1993) a Director of the Department of Financial Inspection of the National Tax Inspectorate.
Magdalena Álvarez : In the subsequent elections, in March 2000, Chaves kept her as head of the Ministry of Economy and Revenue for the sixth Andaluz Parliament.
Magdalena Álvarez : She is an MP for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) for Málaga Province.
Ester Partegàs : Her work is also in numerous private collections in the US and Europe.
Ester Partegàs : She participated in the International Studio and Curatorial Program, New York, in 1999.
Ester Partegàs : Ester Partegàs (born 1972 in La Garriga, Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish contemporary artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.
Ester Partegàs : (sculpture) from the Universitat de Barcelona and has completed postgraduate studies at Hochschule der Künste in Berlin.
Ester Partegàs : Her work has been exhibited internationally, including the Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum (Connecticut), Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (Madrid), 2nd Moscow Bienniale, Weatherspoon Art Museum (Greensboro, North Carolina), Walker's Point Center for the Arts (Milwaukee, Wisconsin), Virginia Commonwealth University (Richmond, Virginia), Cercle Cultural Caja Madrid (Barcelona), SculptureCenter (New York), Rice University Art Gallery (Houston, Texas), Queens Museum of Art (New York) and Whitney Museum of American Art (Altria, New York).
Véronique Tadjo : Brought up in Abidjan, she travelled widely with her family.
Véronique Tadjo : Véronique Tadjo (born 1955) is a writer, poet, novelist, and artist from Côte d'Ivoire.
Mai Charoenpura : Mai was educated in England, at Farringtons School.
Mai Charoenpura : In 2007, Charoenpura performed in Manchester, for a concert organized by former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, to celebrate his ownership of Manchester City F.C.
Mai Charoenpura : Mai Charoenpura (; born January 5, 1969), also known by the former stage name Mai Siriwimol (), is a Thai singer and actress.
Mai Charoenpura : As a singer, since 1989 Charoenpura has released dozens of albums, music videos and performed in many concerts.
Mai Charoenpura : She came to international notice for her portrayal of the villainous Lady Srisudachan in the 2001 film, "The Legend of Suriyothai", directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol, and released theatrically in the United States in 2003.
Mai Charoenpura : She has three sisters, Venic White, Vipavee Maguire, and a half sister, actress Intira Jaroenpura.
Mai Charoenpura : Since the 1980s, Charoenpura has acted in numerous roles on Thai television and in films.
Anatole Novak : Anatole Novak (born 12 February 1937 in La Mure) was a French professional road bicycle racer.
Katharine McPhee : She graduated in 2002.
Katharine McPhee : McPhee is of Irish, Scottish, and German descent.
Katharine McPhee : She finished as the runner-up to Taylor Hicks.
Katharine McPhee : The family moved to the Sherman Oaks neighborhood of Los Angeles when she was 12 years old.
Katharine McPhee : On May 22, 2014, McPhee filed for divorce from Cokas, after "having been separated for the past year."
Katharine McPhee : McPhee took over the lead female role of Jenna in "Waitress" as her Broadway debut.
Katharine McPhee : McPhee was born in Los Angeles, California.
Anjelica Huston : On May 23, 1992, Huston married sculptor Robert Graham.
Anjelica Huston : Huston made her directorial debut with the 1996 film "Bastard Out of Carolina".
Anjelica Huston : She has written two memoirs: "A Story Lately Told" and "Watch Me".
Anjelica Huston : Anjelica Huston (; born July 8, 1951) is an American actress, director, producer, author, and former fashion model.
Anjelica Huston : Her first notable role was in Bob Rafelson's remake of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1981).
Anjelica Huston : This was followed by "Agnes Browne" (1999), in which she also starred.
Anjelica Huston : Huston was born in Santa Monica, California, and is the daughter of director and actor John Huston and prima ballerina and model Enrica Soma.
Anjelica Huston : Huston earned BAFTA nominations for her work in two Woody Allen films: "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989) and "Manhattan Murder Mystery" (1993).
Anjelica Huston : She received further Academy Award nominations for her performances in "Enemies: A Love Story" (1989) and "The Grifters" (1990), for Best Supporting Actress and Best Actress, respectively.
Anjelica Huston : She received acclaim for her portrayal of the Grand High Witch in the 1990 film adaptation of Roald Dahl's "The Witches", and earned two Golden Globe nominations for starring as Morticia Addams in "The Addams Family" (1991) and its sequel Addams Family Values (1993).
Anjelica Huston : Huston became the third generation of her family to receive an Academy Award, when she won Best Supporting Actress for her performance in 1985's "Prizzi's Honor", joining her father, director John Huston, and grandfather, actor Walter Huston.
Jolin Tsai : Having a dedicated fanbase composed mostly by female and gay people, Tsai is considered a gay icon.
Jolin Tsai : Her seventh studio album, "J-Game", was released in April 2005.
Jolin Tsai : The album sold more than 260,000 copies in Taiwan alone.
Jolin Tsai : In November 2007, she provided a guest vocals on Kylie Minogue's "In My Arms", which was included on the Asia edition of Minogue's album, "X".
Jolin Tsai : Jolin Tsai (; ; born September 15, 1980) is a Taiwanese singer, songwriter, dancer, actress, and businesswoman.
Jolin Tsai : However, she emerged champion at the singing competition where she sang a rendition of Whitney Houston's "Greatest Love of All" in the final round.
Anne Igartiburu : She studied Industrial Marketing.
Anne Igartiburu : From 2005 to 2009 she hosted the Spanish adaptation of "Dancing with the Stars" ("¡Mira quién baila!").
Anne Igartiburu : Igartiburu has also been associated with the Eurovision Song Contest: she was the Spanish spokesperson in the 2002, 2003 and 2004 contests, and she hosted the Spanish national final in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014, and 2016.
Anne Igartiburu : Since 2005, Igartiburu has presented the annual New Year's Eve celebration broadcast for TVE live from Madrid's Puerta del Sol.
Anne Igartiburu : She started working in the local television of Mondragón in 1993.
Anne Igartiburu : Anne Igartiburu Verdes (born 18 February 1969 in Elorrio, Biscay, Spain) is a Spanish Basque television presenter and actress.
Anne Igartiburu : In 2006 she hosted the special show "Gala 50 años de TVE", which celebrated the 50th anniversary of TVE, alongside Laura Valenzuela and Paula Vázquez.
Anne Igartiburu : She then worked in Euskal Telebista, and later in Telecinco, hosting "Una pareja feliz" alongside Antonio Hidalgo in the 1994-1995 season.
Anne Igartiburu : She was married to ballet dancer Igor Yebra from 2004 to 2006.
Anne Igartiburu : Igartiburu has two adopted daughters, Noa (born 2000 in India) and Carmen (born 2011 in Vietnam).
Giorgia Bronzini : After a 16-year career, in August 2018 Bronzini announced that she would retire at the end of the season and become a "directeur sportif" with Trek Bicycle Corporation's new women's team in 2019.
Giorgia Bronzini : She has taken a total of 80 victories on the road and the track, including stages of the Giro Rosa, the Route de France Féminine, the Tour of Qatar, the Tour of California, and the Tour of Chongming Island.
Giorgia Bronzini : Giorgia Bronzini (born 3 August 1983) is an Italian professional racing cyclist.
Giorgia Bronzini : She won the women's road race in the UCI Road World Championships in both 2010 and 2011 and the women's points race in the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in 2009.
İdil Biret : She graduated with three prizes at the age of 15.
İdil Biret : When she was seven, the Turkish parliament enacted a special law which enabled her to study abroad, studying at the Paris Conservatory in France under the tutelage of Nadia Boulanger.
İdil Biret : Idil Biret also recorded the etudes (volume 1 and 2) of György Ligeti for Naxos, which was released in 2003.
İdil Biret : Biret's wide repertoire encompasses much of the late Classical and Romantic piano literature.
İdil Biret : She also credits for having introduced her to composers such as Brahms, whose complete works she would later record.
İdil Biret : Biret recorded most of the sonatas near Brussels between 2001–2005 (three were recorded in 1994).
İdil Biret : In 2004 the sale of her Naxos CDs worldwide reached two million copies.
İdil Biret : She continued her education with Alfred Cortot and Wilhelm Kempff.
İdil Biret : İdil Biret (born 21 November 1941) is a Turkish concert pianist, renowned for her interpretations of the Romantic repertoire.
İdil Biret : Idil Biret has played in cycles the complete piano works of Beethoven and Brahms.
İdil Biret : In 1995, Biret's recordings of Chopin's entire oeuvre was awarded the "Grand Prix du Disque Frédéric Chopin" in Poland.
İdil Biret : Biret began her lessons at the age of five with , who had studied under Nadia Boulanger and Alfred Cortot.
İdil Biret : In 2007 she was decorated with Distinguished Service Order – Cavalry Cross by the Polish President Lech Kaczynski for her contributions to Polish culture with her recordings and performances of Chopin's music.
İdil Biret : The same year, she won the "Diapason d'Or" prize in France for her recording of Boulez's sonatas, which was selected among the best recordings of the year by the newspaper "Le Monde".
İdil Biret : Her recordings of 20th century classical pieces include the three piano sonatas of Pierre Boulez (Naxos Records 1995) as well as the piano works and editions of Wilhelm Kempff (Marco Polo 1991).
İdil Biret : In the 1990s she played Beethoven’s five Piano Concertos, the Choral Fantasia and the Triple Concerto in five concerts.
İdil Biret : Biret has been a State Artist since 1971, an honorary title issued to artists by the government of Turkey for their contributions into the Turkish culture.
İdil Biret : In 1997 she played all the solo piano works of Brahms in a series of five recitals in Germany during the composer’s centennial anniversary.
İdil Biret : She has been a jury member at several piano competitions: Van Cliburn (US), Queen Elisabeth (Belgium), Montreal (Canada), Liszt (Weimar, Germany) and Busoni (Italy).
İdil Biret : Biret also received the following awards: the Lili Boulanger Memorial Prize in Boston (US), the Harriet Cohen/Dinu Lipatti Gold Medal in London (UK) the Polish Prize for Artistic Merits, the National Knight Merit Order of France, the Adelaide Ristori Prize, Italy.
İdil Biret : In the 1980s she performed in two series of concerts Beethoven’s 32 sonatas and the piano transcription (Liszt) of all the 9 Symphonies, the latter broadcast live by Radio France.
İdil Biret : Biret also gave concerts at the festivals of Berlin, Montreal, Istanbul, Dubrovnik, Montpellier, Nohant, Persepolis, Royan and Athens.
İdil Biret : From the age of 16, Biret played as a soloist with the most distinguished orchestras in the world including the London Symphony, the Philharmonia, the London Philharmonic, the Boston Symphony, the Leningrad Philharmonic, the Leipzig Gewandhaus, the Dresden Staatskapelle, the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, the Tokyo Philharmonic, the Warsaw Philharmonic, the Orchestre National de France and the Sydney Symphony.
İdil Biret : Earlier, in the 1970s she recorded in New York for Finnadar/Atlantic records works by Boucourechliev, Anton Webern, Alban Berg, %C4%B0lhan_Mimaro%C4%9Flu, Leo Brouwer, Castiglioni, Alexander Scriabin, Sergei Prokofiev and Nikolai Myaskovsky.
Kirsten Gillibrand : While in the House of Representatives, Gillibrand served on the following committees:
Kirsten Gillibrand : She was noted for voting against the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, citing concerns regarding insufficient oversight and excessive earmarks.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Her campaign finance records showed that she received $23,200 in contributions from the company's employees during her 2006 campaign for Congress.
Kirsten Gillibrand : The Gillibrands had their first son, Theodore, in 2003, and their second son, Henry, in 2008.
Kirsten Gillibrand : She also published earmark requests she received and her personal financial statement.
Kirsten Gillibrand : While serving in the House, Gillibrand was a member of the Blue Dog Coalition, a caucus of fiscally conservative Democrats.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Born and raised in upstate New York, Gillibrand graduated from Dartmouth College and from the UCLA School of Law.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand has said her work at private law firms allowed her to take on "pro bono" cases defending abused women and their children and tenants seeking safe housing after lead paint and unsafe conditions were found in their homes.
Kirsten Gillibrand : from UCLA School of Law and passed the bar exam in 1991.
Kirsten Gillibrand : She said that she never hid her work for Philip Morris, and she added that as an associate at her law firm, she had had no control over which clients she worked for.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Ninety-seven percent of donations to her 2018 campaign totaled $100 or less.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand's tenure at Davis Polk included serving as a defense attorney for tobacco company Philip Morris during major litigation, including both civil lawsuits and U.S. Justice Department criminal and civil racketeering and perjury probes.
Kirsten Gillibrand : In 1984, she graduated from Emma Willard School, an all-women's private school located in Troy, New York, and then enrolled at Dartmouth College.
Kirsten Gillibrand : In 1992, she took a leave from Davis Polk to serve as a law clerk to Judge Roger Miner on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Albany.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Questioned during the campaign about her work on behalf of Philip Morris, Gillibrand stated that she had voted in favor of all three anti-tobacco bills in that session of Congress.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand met her husband, Jonathan Gillibrand, a venture capitalist and British national, on a blind date.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Following her time at Davis Polk, Gillibrand served as Special Counsel to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Andrew Cuomo during the last year of the Clinton administration.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Her maternal grandparents were businessman Peter Noonan and Dorothea "Polly" Noonan, a founder of the Albany Democratic Women's Club and a leader of the city's Democratic political machine.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand considered running for office in 2004, in New York's 20th congressional district, against the three-term Republican incumbent John E. Sweeney.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Following Senator Clinton's appointment as Secretary of State in 2009, Governor David Paterson selected Gillibrand to fill the Senate seat that had been vacated by Clinton.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Gillibrand won her bid for reelection in 2008 over former New York Secretary of State Sandy Treadwell by a 62% to 38% margin.
Kirsten Gillibrand : Kirsten Elizabeth Gillibrand (née Rutnik; ; born December 9, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician and a member of the Democratic Party.
Ulrike Meyfarth : Ulrike Nasse-Meyfarth (born 4 May 1956) is a German former high jumper.
Ulrike Meyfarth : Because of the West German boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics, she did not compete there.
Ulrike Meyfarth : The 1984 Summer Olympics event in Los Angeles was Ulrike Meyfarth's last major championship.
Ulrike Meyfarth : She added another 2 cm to equal the standing world record and became the youngest Olympic champion in athletics in an individual event, at only 16 years old.
Chen Ruolin : She became the first Chinese female diver who claimed all the gold medals in women's platform events in Olympic Games, World Cup and World Championships.
Chen Ruolin : In the 2011 World Aquatics Championships held in Shanghai, Chen won two gold medals for Women's 10 m platform and Women's 10 m synchro platform (partnering Wang Hao).
Courteney Cox : She has English ancestry.
Courteney Cox : The film was released in theaters April 15, 2011.
Courteney Cox : The lifestyle show, which aired on the We cable channel, struggled with low ratings and was not renewed for a second season.
Courteney Cox : Cox has two older sisters, Virginia and Dorothy, and an older brother, Richard Jr.
Courteney Cox : She voiced Daisy in the animated film "Barnyard" (2006).
Courteney Cox : According to Cox, the series was canceled after the second season in 2008.
Courteney Cox : Her parents divorced in 1974 and her mother then married businessman Hunter Copeland (uncle to music promoter and business manager Ian Copeland and The Police drummer Stewart Copeland).
Courteney Cox : A joke reference to this is made in the opening credits of the episode "The One After Vegas", where the rest of the cast has "Arquette" added to their names.
Courteney Cox : Her other films include "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" with Jim Carrey (1994), "The Runner" (1999), "3000 Miles to Graceland" (2001), and "The Shrink Is In" (2001).
Courteney Cox : In June 2012, Arquette filed for divorce after nearly two years of separation from Cox.
Courteney Cox : A "Friends" reunion film was rumored to be in production following the success of "Sex and the City" (2008), but this has been denied by Warner Bros. and others.
Courteney Cox : Cox and her husband David Arquette were the executive producers of the series.
Courteney Cox : The dedication "For Courteney and David, who did get married" – a reference to Monica and Chandler's decision not to marry in the episode – appears during the fade out to the tag scene.
Courteney Cox : Cox appeared in the 1984 music video for Bruce Springsteen's "Dancing in the Dark" as the young woman pulled onstage at the St. Paul Civic Center to dance with Springsteen.
Courteney Cox : A few years later, Cox signed a deal with ABC Studios (formerly Touchstone Television) to star in her own series.
Courteney Cox : In late 2003, Cox and Arquette produced one season of the reality television series "Mix It Up."
Courteney Cox : Both Cox and Arquette reprised their respective roles from the "Scream" trilogy in 2011's "Scream 4".
Courteney Cox : Between seasons five and six, Cox married David Arquette and consequently changed her name to Courteney Cox Arquette.
Courteney Cox : She met her husband, David Arquette, who played her on-screen love interest, Dwight "Dewey" Riley, while filming the first "Scream" film.
Courteney Cox : Her early film roles include "Masters of the Universe" (1987), "" (1988), and "I'll Be Home for Christmas" (1988).
Courteney Cox : She played Jewel Jagger, the tough-as-nails assistant of Larry Burrows (James Belushi), in "Mr. Destiny" (1990).
Courteney Cox : Cox married actor David Arquette on June 12, 1999, at Grace Cathedral in San Francisco.
Courteney Cox : In July 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" announced that Cox had signed on to star in a three-episode arc for the television series "Scrubs".
Courteney Cox : After graduating from Mountain Brook High School, Cox left for Mount Vernon College in Washington, D.C. (now part of George Washington University), but did not complete her architecture course, opting instead to pursue a career in modeling and acting.
Courteney Cox : According to the "Guinness Book of World Records" (2005), Cox (along with her female co-stars) became the highest-paid TV actress of all time, with her 1 million-per-episode fee for the final two seasons of "Friends".
Courteney Cox : Her early television work includes a starring role in the short-lived television series "Misfits of Science" (1985), and later in a recurring role as Lauren Miller, the girlfriend of Alex P. Keaton (Michael J.
Courteney Cox : Cox starred as Lucy Spiller, a cynical tabloid editor, in "Dirt" (2007), a television drama for FX.
Courteney Cox : At first the most famous cast member of the new show, Cox joined Jennifer Aniston (Rachel Green), Lisa Kudrow (Phoebe Buffay), Matt LeBlanc (Joey Tribbiani), Matthew Perry (Chandler Bing) and David Schwimmer (Ross Geller) for what became her most famous role, lasting for 10 seasons until 2004.
Courteney Cox : She is a daughter of businessman Richard Lewis Cox and Courteney Copeland (née Bass).
Courteney Cox : After the conclusion of "Friends", Cox was producer Marc Cherry's first choice to be offered a starring role as Susan Mayer on "Desperate Housewives", but Cox was unavailable due to her pregnancy and the role later went to Teri Hatcher.
Courteney Cox : Later in 1994, Cox was asked to audition for the part of Rachel Green on a new sitcom, "Friends"; she was cast as Monica Geller instead.
Courteney Cox : Cox also appeared in the high-profile Hollywood films "Scream" (1996), "Scream 2" (1997), and "Scream 3" (2000) as reporter Gale Weathers.
Courteney Cox : After "Friends", Cox starred in the independent film "November" (2005) which had a limited theatrical release; costarred with Tim Allen in the critically derided "Zoom" (2006), and cameoed in the big-budget remake of "The Longest Yard" (2005) as Lena, the girlfriend of Paul Crewe (Adam Sandler).
Nicki Minaj : She has her own way of doing it.
Nicki Minaj : Something gotta give.
Nicki Minaj : You help me, I help you.
Nicki Minaj : I don't label myself."
Nicki Minaj : His words were our words in our conversations all the time."
Nicki Minaj : That's how it goes to me."
Nicki Minaj : When I met her the other day, I felt like I knew her for my whole life.
Nicki Minaj : He's the boy that lives inside of me.
Nicki Minaj : My mom motivated me, but it wasn't a strict household.
Nicki Minaj : She has an ill vocal delivery.
Nicki Minaj : She's so warm and considerate and caring.
Nicki Minaj : But once I started doing all that weird shit—I'm not mad at it because it got everyone's attention."
Nicki Minaj : And she's a rapid evolver, discarding old modes as easily as adopting new ones."
Nicki Minaj : Her physique, notably her buttocks, has attracted significant attention from the media.
Nicki Minaj : She's amazingly talented and I've been wearing her clothes forever, so to meet her was like, 'Yay!'
Nicki Minaj : She's a walking exaggeration, outsize in sound, personality and look.
Nicki Minaj : Me and my friends in high school, we were reciting all of the Jay lyrics.
Nicki Minaj : She said she was fired from "at least 15 jobs" for similar reasons.
Nicki Minaj : I was really interested in her mind and her aura [and] I was really, really into Jay-Z.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj's father was addicted to alcohol and other drugs, and had a violent temper, burning down their house in December 1987.
Nicki Minaj : She filed for a marriage license in August 2019.
Nicki Minaj : She kind of reminds me of a female Busta Rhymes, like how she throws her voice in different directions."
Nicki Minaj : Minaj began dating rapper Meek Mill in early 2015.
Nicki Minaj : In late 2014, Minaj separated from her longtime boyfriend Safaree Samuels, whom she had dated since 2000.
Nicki Minaj : As a small child, Minaj and a sibling lived with her grandmother in Saint James.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj recalled, "I don't think I had a lot of discipline in my household.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj has been affiliated with several manufacturing companies and has endorsed a number of products during her career.
Nicki Minaj : She announced their official marriage on October 21.
Nicki Minaj : On January 5, 2017, she announced via Twitter that she had ended their two-year relationship.
Nicki Minaj : Several tracks on "The Pinkprint" are believed to have been inspired by the end of their relationship.
Nicki Minaj : She said, further: "I never really told Foxy how much she has influenced me and how much she changed my life, and you've gotta tell people that when they're alive to even be able to take the compliment, instead of paying tribute to them when they're no longer here", adding that Foxy Brown was "the most influential female rapper" for her, though she initially was compared to Lil Kim when she debuted.
Nicki Minaj : By then, the family had a house on 147th Street.
Nicki Minaj : Kim accused Minaj of copying her image, saying: "If you are going to steal my swag, you gonna have to pay.
Nicki Minaj : Carol worked in payroll and accounting departments during Minaj's youth.
Nicki Minaj : Martha appeared in the "Moment 4 Life" video as Minaj's apparent fairy godmother.
Nicki Minaj : Her mother, who had moved to The Bronx in New York City to attend Monroe College, brought the family to Queens when Minaj was five.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj is known for her animated rapping style and her unique flow.
Nicki Minaj : Ice-T said about Minaj's rapping style, "[Minaj] does her thing.
Nicki Minaj : A promotional single, "Rich Sex", featuring American rapper Lil Wayne, was released on June 11, 2018.
Nicki Minaj : The artwork portrays Lil' Kim decapitating Minaj with a sword.
Nicki Minaj : Her verse on Kanye West's "Monster" was critically acclaimed and contributed greatly to her popularity; many critics said she had the best verse in the song.
Nicki Minaj : Following the release of "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded", critics suggested that the track "Stupid Hoe" may have contained attacks directed at Kim.
Nicki Minaj : With her parents frequently fighting during her childhood, Minaj lived through characters she created as a means of escape.
Nicki Minaj : In November 2010, Minaj assumed the alter ego Nicki Teresa, wearing a colorful headdress and calling herself "healer to her fans" during a visit to the Garden of Dreams Foundation at Fuse Studios in New York.
Nicki Minaj : After graduation, Minaj wanted to become an actress, and she was cast in the Off-Broadway play "In Case You Forget" in 2001.
Nicki Minaj : She called Betsey Johnson a fashion inspiration: "[Betsey] is a free spirit.
Nicki Minaj : A fragment of a diss track called "Tragedy" was released in response by Minaj in April 2011.
Nicki Minaj : The alter egos are incorporated with her lyrics in British accents (Roman Zolanski) or soft-spokenness (Harajuku Barbie).
Nicki Minaj : At the age of 19, as she struggled with her acting career, she worked as a waitress at a Red Lobster in the Bronx, but was fired for discourtesy to customers.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj successfully auditioned for admission to Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, which focuses on visual and performing arts.
Nicki Minaj : "The New York Times" called Minaj "a sparkling rapper with a gift for comic accents and unexpected turns of phrase.
Nicki Minaj : In 2016, Minaj was included on the annual "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world.
Nicki Minaj : In December 2018, Minaj began dating childhood friend Kenneth "Zoo" Petty.
Nicki Minaj : Although many critics describe her technique as bubblegum rap, Minaj said: "What people don't know is that before I was doing that craziness I was doing me, I was just doing regular sounding rap that anyone could hear and identify with.
Nicki Minaj : During New York Fashion Week 2018, at an after party hosted by "Harper's Bazaar", fellow rapper Cardi B caused significant controversy when she threw one of her shoes at, and attempted to physically fight, Minaj.
Nicki Minaj : The album was preceded by the promotional singles "Roman in Moscow" and "Stupid Hoe".
Nicki Minaj : That year, she was named Female Artist of the Year at the 2008 Underground Music Awards.
Nicki Minaj : Jada Pinkett Smith is one of Minaj's role models in her acting career.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj was inspired by R&B singer Monica, singing "Why I Love You So Much" at every talent show she entered.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj cites Foxy Brown and Jay-Z as major influences: "I really loved [Foxy] as a female rapper.
Nicki Minaj : With designer Jeremy Scott, Minaj signed an endorsement deal with Adidas' fall and winter 2012 campaign to appear in internet advertisements and commercials for Adidas Originals.
Nicki Minaj : That December, Mattel produced a custom-made, Minaj-themed Barbie doll valued at about $15,000 for auction on charitybuzz.
Nicki Minaj : Her mother, Carol Maraj, is also a gospel singer with Afro-Trinidadian ancestry.
Nicki Minaj : In 2013, she was a judge on the twelfth season of "American Idol".
Nicki Minaj : She subsequently played supporting roles in the films "The Other Woman" (2014) and "" (2016).
Nicki Minaj : She and Kesha appeared on the remix of Spears' "Till the World Ends", which peaked at number-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Nicki Minaj : Roman has a mother, Martha Zolanski, who appeared on "Roman's Revenge" with a British accent and singing on "Roman Holiday" for the first time.
Nicki Minaj : Lil' Kim later suggested in an interview with "105's Breakfast Club" that the song "Automatic" was similar to her unreleased material, also calling Minaj "obnoxious" and "catty".
Nicki Minaj : On November 7, 2019, "Tusa", Minaj's collaboration with Colombian singer Karol G was released to streaming platforms.
Nicki Minaj : While performing in Atlanta as part of her Pink Friday Tour, she called Monica one of her all-time greatest musical influences.
Nicki Minaj : She has an elder brother named Jelani, an older sister named Maya, a younger brother named Micaiah, and a younger sister named Ming.
Nicki Minaj : Set to her song, "Masquerade", her segment of the advertisement was filmed in Brooklyn and also featured Big Sean, Derrick Rose, Sky Ferreira and 2NE1 in other locations worldwide.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj has been embroiled in a feud with rapper Lil' Kim since her success with "Pink Friday".
Nicki Minaj : For "Pink Friday", Minaj created another alter ego: Roman Zolanski, "a demon inside her", Minaj's "twin brother" whose character she assumes when she is angry.
Nicki Minaj : Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj (), is an American rapper and singer.
Nicki Minaj : Onika Tanya Maraj was born on December 8, 1982, in Saint James, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
Nicki Minaj : Although she was scheduled to headline the June 3 Hot 97 Summer Jam at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey, at the request of Lil Wayne she canceled her appearance the day of the show after Peter Rosenberg of the station dismissed her single "Starships" as "not real hip-hop".
Nicki Minaj : Throughout her career, she has received numerous accolades, including six American Music Awards, 11 BET Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, four "Billboard" Music Awards, two "Billboard" Women in Music Awards, and 10 Grammy Award nominations.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj was the first female artist included on MTV's annual Hottest MC List.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj began her headlining Pink Friday Tour on May 16, 2012, which was followed by the beginning October 14, 2012.
Nicki Minaj : Lil' Kim reignited the feud with the release of her mixtape "Black Friday" (the title of which directly referenced Minaj).
Nicki Minaj : Roman has been compared to Eminem's alter ego Slim Shady, and on "Roman's Revenge" Minaj and Eminem collaborate as their alter egos.
Nicki Minaj : She responded to the situation in an interview with HOT 97's Angie Martinez saying, "She picked a fight with Foxy, then she picked a fight with Eve, then she picked a fight with Remy, then it was Mrs. Wallace, then it was Nicki Minaj.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj's third studio album, "The Pinkprint", was released in 2014.
Nicki Minaj : Minaj's work has influenced numerous artists including Cardi B, Doja Cat, Tinashe, Lizzo, Bhad Bhabie, Asian Da Brat, Saweetie, and Megan Thee Stallion.
Nicki Minaj : In October, Minaj became the first female solo artist to have seven songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100 simultaneously and the first woman to appear on MTV's Annual Hottest MC List.
Nicki Minaj : Its lead single, "Chun-Li", was released on April 12, 2018, and peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Michelle Fairley : Fairley appeared in a number of British television shows, including "The Bill", "Holby City" and "Casualty".
Michelle Fairley : She took over the role of Mrs. Granger from Heather Bleasdale (who had played Mrs. Granger in "Chamber of Secrets") in the "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" films.
Michelle Fairley : Some of her earlier roles were as Cathy Michaels on ITV1's "Inspector Morse" in the episode titled "The Way Through The Woods" and as Nancy Phelan in "Lovejoy" in the episode 9 of Season 3 titled "Smoke Your Nose".
Estela de Carlotto : She was an elementary school teacher and a housewife without any public action.
Estela de Carlotto : In 2015, she was listed as one of BBC's 100 Women.
Estela de Carlotto : It was one of the few cases where a missing body was returned to a family.
Estela de Carlotto : Carlotto retired on August 30
Estela de Carlotto : She married Guido Carlotto, an industrial labourer of Italian descent, with whom she had four children.
Estela de Carlotto : Through stories, she could ascertain that her daughter had given birth to a boy, and that her grandson was appropriated and his identity changed.
Estela de Carlotto : Carlotto and her family always called the baby Guido, because that was the name the mother wanted for him.
Estela de Carlotto : on August 5, 1977, the armed forces kidnapped and tortured her husband, who was freed after payment of 40 million pesos (equivalent to 30 000 dollars at that time).
Estela de Carlotto : But from the restoration of the true identity of her child, there are strong suspicions that the baby could have been born in the vicinity of La Cacha or in a hospital in the province of Buenos Aires.
Estela de Carlotto : She then began to seek and demand the release of her grandson and other children kidnapped or disappeared by military forces during the military dictatorship.
Estela de Carlotto : In April 1978, a companion of captivity of her daughter, who had been freed, informed her that Laura was still alive and pregnant.
Estela de Carlotto : She was on hand with President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner to inaugurate the "Jardin des Mères et Grand-mères de la Place de Mai" in Paris, in 2008.
Estela de Carlotto : She searched for him for nearly 36 years, until, on August 5, 2014, after a DNA check voluntarily made by the person concerned, her grandson was identified, and became the 114th in the list of recovered grandchildren.
Estela de Carlotto : On August 25 of that year, she was summoned by the military and was handed the dead body of her daughter, who was buried in La Plata two days later.
Estela de Carlotto : Some testimonies collected before realized that that place could have been the Military Hospital in Buenos Aires.
Estela de Carlotto : Shortly before the childbirth, was taken to an unspecified location -there disputes on which place-, which gave birth on June 26, 1978.
Estela de Carlotto : Carlotto made arrangements for her daughter's freedom, and came to meet with the general Reynaldo Bignone, who told her that Laura would not stay alive.
Estela de Carlotto : Shortly after his public appearance, Hurban changed his name to Ignacio Guido Montoya Carlotto.
Estela de Carlotto : One of her daughters, Laura Estela Carlotto, was kidnapped and missing while pregnant in Buenos Aires, in late 1977.
Estela de Carlotto : In late November 1977, Laura, three months pregnant, was kidnapped and taken to clandestine detention center La Cacha in La Plata, until the end of August 1978.
Estela de Carlotto : Carlotto has received several awards for her work with Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo (Abuelas de Plaza de Mayo), including the United Nations Prize in the Field of Human Rights and Félix Houphouët-Boigny Peace Prize, awarded by the Unesco.
Estela de Carlotto : In April 1978, Carlotto began to participate in the activities of Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo.
Estela de Carlotto : Enriqueta Estela Barnes was born on October 22, 1930, in Buenos Aires, within a family of English descent.
Estela de Carlotto : In the 1970s, when ruled the country the civil-military dictatorship self-appointed National Reorganization Process (1976-1983), three of her children were involved in politics: Laura Estela, a student of History at the National University of La Plata, militated in the Peronism, Claudia belonged to the Peronist University Youth and Guido Miguel integrated the student center of his high school.
Estela de Carlotto : Enriqueta Estela Barnes de Carlotto (Buenos Aires, born 22 October 1930) is an Argentine human rights activist and president of the association of Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo.
Nuria Martínez : She participated in two Olympic Games, three World Championships and in four European Championships:
Nuria Martínez : Nuria Martínez Prat (born February 29, 1984) is a Spanish professional basketball player for Spar CityLift Girona.
Beata Mikołajczyk : Beata Mikołajczyk ( ; born 15 October 1985) is a Polish sprint canoer.
Beata Mikołajczyk : She earned a bronze medal.
Anita Bryant : In addition, during this time, she also appeared in advertisements for Coca-Cola, Kraft Foods, Holiday Inn, and Tupperware.
Anita Bryant : "Paper Roses", "In My Little Corner of the World", and "Till There Was You", each sold over one million copies, and were awarded a gold disc by the RIAA.
Anita Bryant : Bryant released several albums on the Carlton and Columbia labels.
Anita Bryant : After her parents divorced, her father went into the U.S. Army and her mother went to work, taking her children to live with their grandparents temporarily.
Anita Bryant : Bryant placed a total of 11 songs on the U.S.
Anita Bryant : Bryant led several more campaigns around the country to repeal local anti-discrimination ordinances, including campaigns in St. Paul, Minnesota; Wichita, Kansas; and Eugene, Oregon.
Anita Bryant : In 1960, Bryant married Bob Green (1931–2012), a Miami disc jockey, with whom she eventually raised four children: Robert Jr. (Bobby), Gloria, and twins Billy and Barbara.
Anita Bryant : Bryant became Miss Oklahoma in 1958 and was a second runner-up in the 1959 Miss America pageant at age 19, right after graduating from Tulsa's Will Rogers High School.
Anita Bryant : She divorced him in 1980, drawing criticism of hypocrisy from the Christian right regarding the indissolubility of Christian marriage which Bryant had championed and "the deterioration of the family" against which she had preached.
Anita Bryant : Anita Jane Bryant (born March 25, 1940) is an American singer and anti-gay rights activist.
Anita Bryant : In 1977, she ran the "Save Our Children" campaign to repeal a local ordinance in Dade County, Florida which prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi married Rajesh Nihalani in 1998.
Archie Panjabi : He is Sindhi Hindu and a bespoke tailor.
Archie Panjabi : She graduated from Brunel University with a degree in management studies in 1994.
Archie Panjabi : Archana "Archie" Panjabi (born 31 May 1972) is an English actress, best known for her role as Kalinda Sharma on "The Good Wife".
Archie Panjabi : She provided the voices for several characters in the British children's television animation "Postman Pat".
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi was awarded the Chopard Trophy at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007.
Archie Panjabi : Panjabi next appeared in 2007 with Angelina Jolie in the film adaptation of "A Mighty Heart", a book by Mariane Pearl, wife of the journalist Daniel Pearl.
Archie Panjabi : Her first Hollywood role, as a British diplomat, was in the Oscar-winning "The Constant Gardener", released in 2005.
Anett Kontaveit : Kontaveit has won one singles title on the WTA Tour as well as eleven singles and five doubles titles on the ITF circuit.
Anett Kontaveit : Kontaveit won the Estonian Championships in 2009 and again in 2010, being the youngest player ever in Estonia to do so.
Stefanie Vögele : She was introduced to tennis at the age of four by her parents.
Stefanie Vögele : Stefanie Vögele (born 10 March 1990) is a professional Swiss tennis player.
Stefanie Vögele : During this period, she never won a main-draw match in a WTA event.
Stefanie Vögele : Vögele also played in ITF tournaments.
Stefanie Vögele : Vögele who has three sisters is coached by Ivo Werner.
Stefanie Vögele : In 2011, Stefanie failed to qualify for the main draw of the Grand Slams.
Stefanie Vögele : For the first five months of the year, Vögele participated in several WTA events, needing to play through the qualifying rounds of most tournaments.
Stefanie Vögele : Vögele had strong showings in July, advancing to the second round and semifinals in Prague and Portorož, respectively.
Stefanie Vögele : At Roland Garros, she defeated María Irigoyen and Misaki Doi, before losing to Heather Watson.
Stefanie Vögele : In June, Vögele played in Birmingham, defeating seeded Ekaterina Makarova en route to a quarterfinal showing.
Stefanie Vögele : Playing at Wimbledon for the first time, she lost to defending champion Venus Williams in the first round.
Stefanie Vögele : Playing at her third French Open, she lost to Serena Williams in the first round.
Stefanie Vögele : At the US Open, she defeated Lenka Wienerová, before losing to Aleksandra Wozniak.
Stefanie Vögele : She lost in the first round of Wimbledon qualifiers to Carla Suárez Navarro.
Stefanie Vögele : She lost in the first round of qualifiers of the Australian Open to Lesia Tsurenko.
Stefanie Vögele : In the first round, she defeated wild card Tamira Paszek.
Kirsty Coventry : In addition, she picked up the female swimmer of the meet honors.
Kirsty Coventry : In 2012, she was elected to the International Olympic Committee Athletes' Commission.
Kirsty Coventry : Coventry attended and swam competitively for Auburn University in Alabama, in the United States.
Kirsty Coventry : Kirsty Leigh Coventry (born 16 September 1983) is the current Minister of Youth, Sport, Arts and Recreation in the Cabinet of Zimbabwe as of September 2018.
Kirsty Coventry : Coventry, in the second semi-final of the 100 m Backstroke, set a new world record of 58.77 seconds.
Christina Aguilera : (2001).
Christina Aguilera : Yok musun?
Christina Aguilera : During the Christmas period of 2007, the fragrance became the number one perfume in the United Kingdom, and later in 2009 it was the country's fourth best selling perfume.
Christina Aguilera : They married on November 19, 2005, at an estate in Napa County, California.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera participated in the AIDS Project Los Angeles' Artists Against AIDS "What's Going On?"
Christina Aguilera : A year later, she signed a letter from the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) to the South Korean government requesting that the country stop its alleged killing of dogs for food.
Christina Aguilera : Her first fragrance, Xpose, was released in Europe in late 2004 and sold relatively well.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera has helped raise over $148 million for WFP and other hunger relief agencies in 45 countries.
Christina Aguilera : Her worldwide ad campaign included a television ad shot by David LaChapelle and was released in the United States in Macy's department stores.
Christina Aguilera : cover project, and became the face for MAC Cosmetics and spokesperson for MAC AIDS Fund in 2004.
Christina Aguilera : She joined the television series two years later, where she performed musical numbers and sketch comedy until its cancellation in 1994.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera has reinvented her public image on numerous occasions throughout her career.
Christina Aguilera : It won as the people's choice for favorite celebrity fragrance at the annual UK Fifi Awards 2008.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera points out the musical film "The Sound of Music" and its lead actress, Julie Andrews, as her first inspiration for singing and performing.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera released her third fragrance, Inspire, accompanied with a body care collection, in September 2008.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera's works have earned her numerous awards and accolades, including five Grammy Awards.
Christina Aguilera : The album, titled "Liberation", was released in June 15, 2018 to favorable reviews.
Christina Aguilera : After receiving a video about the treatment of foxes from PETA vice president Dan Mathews, Aguilera replaced it with a faux-fur stole, further stating that she was "very upset" because she "only ever wears fake fur".
Christina Aguilera : After the show ended, Aguilera moved to Japan and recorded her first song, "All I Wanna Do", a duet with Japanese singer Keizo Nakanishi.
Christina Aguilera : After terminating Kurtz's services, RCA hired Irving Azoff as Aguilera's new manager.
Christina Aguilera : In 2010, Aguilera auctioned tickets for her planned tour for Christie's A Bid to Save the Earth, which benefited the non-profit environmental groups Conservation International, Oceana, Natural Resources Defense Council, and The Central Park Conservancy.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera became engaged with marketing executive Jordan Bratman, with whom she had dated since 2003, in February 2005.
Christina Aguilera : In October 2000, she filed a breach of fiduciary duty lawsuit against Kurtz for improper, undue and inappropriate influence over her professional activities.
Christina Aguilera : Also in 2013, Aguilera was one of "Time"s 100 Most Influential People in the World.
Christina Aguilera : In 1991, Aguilera auditioned for a position on "The Mickey Mouse Club", although she did not meet its age requirements.
Christina Aguilera : The album, titled "Back to Basics", was released in August 2006.
Christina Aguilera : In November 2010, Aguilera was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Christina Aguilera : Following Hurricane Sandy in 2012, Aguilera performed "Beautiful" to open the "" benefit telethon; all proceeds went to the American Red Cross.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera was nominated for a VH1 Do Something Award for her work with the organization and her efforts in response to the earthquake.
Christina Aguilera : During the Back to Basics Tour in 2006, Aguilera performed in a stole made of fur designed by Roberto Cavalli, unaware that it was made from real fur of a white fox.
Christina Aguilera : The album, titled "Lotus", followed in November 2012.
Christina Aguilera : Later that year, she appeared in the Martin Scorsese documentary "Shine a Light" chronicling a two-day Rolling Stones concert in New York City's Beacon Theatre, in which Aguilera performs "Live with Me" alongside the band's lead vocalist Mick Jagger.
Christina Aguilera : After "Reflection", Aguilera attracted the attention of RCA's A&R Ron Fair and was signed with the label quickly afterwards.
Christina Aguilera : During the promotion of "Back to Basics", her image was also inspired by the "Golden age of Hollywood" actresses including Marlene Dietrich, Marilyn Monroe, Carole Lombard, Greta Garbo and Veronica Lake.
Christina Aguilera : Despite the successes, Aguilera was displeased with the music and image her manager Steve Kurtz had aligned her to, feeling unable to control her own image.
Christina Aguilera : Throughout her career, Aguilera has endorsed several brands, including Sears, Levi's, Skechers, Mercedes-Benz, Versace, Virgin Mobile, Orange UK, Oreo, Sony Ericsson and soft drink giants Coca-Cola, and Pepsi in 2001 and 2006, respectively.
Christina Aguilera : Christina María Aguilera (, ; born December 18, 1980) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality.
Christina Aguilera : During her youth in the Pittsburgh area, Aguilera sang the US national anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner", before Pittsburgh Penguins hockey, Pittsburgh Steelers football, and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball games, and the 1992 Stanley Cup Finals.
Christina Aguilera : "Liberation" debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200 chart, becoming Aguilera's seventh US top-ten album.
Christina Aguilera : Her self-titled debut album, released in 1999, reached number one in the US and spawned three US number-one singles: "Genie in a Bottle", "What a Girl Wants", and "Come On Over Baby (All I Want Is You)".
Christina Aguilera : Its release was preceded by two singles: "Accelerate" featuring Ty Dolla Sign and 2 Chainz and "Fall in Line" featuring Demi Lovato.
Christina Aguilera : Aguilera's eponymous debut album followed in August 1999 and peaked at number one on the US "Billboard" 200.
Irene Cara : Her performing career started on Spanish-language television, professionally singing and dancing.
Irene Cara : She works with her band Hot Caramel, which she formed in 1999.
Irene Cara : As a result, Erica Gimpel assumed the role.
Irene Cara : Cara married stuntman and film director Conrad Palmisano (who was 15 years her senior) in Los Angeles, California in April 1986 and they divorced in 1991.
Irene Cara : Along with her career in acting and hit singles, Cara released several albums: "Anyone Can See" in 1982, "What A Feelin'" in 1983, and "Carasmatic" in 1987, the most successful of these being "What A Feelin".
Irene Cara : Irene Cara Escalera (born March 18, 1959), known professionally as Irene Cara, is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actress.
Irene Cara : Cara is also known for playing the role of Coco Hernandez in the 1980 film "Fame", and for recording the film's title song "Fame".
Devon Aoki : As an actress she has appeared in films "2 Fast 2 Furious", "D.E.B.S.
Devon Aoki : She has an older sister and a younger brother, as well four half-siblings including Steve Aoki.
Devon Aoki : Her daughter Alessandra appeared in Guess Kids spring 2018 advertising campaign.
Devon Aoki : Devon Edwenna Aoki (born August 10, 1982) is an American actress and fashion model.
Devon Aoki : Devon Aoki is married to James Bailey, and they have a son and two daughters: James Hunter, Alessandra Linville, and Eleanor Talitha.
Devon Aoki : She was cast as Tatsu Yamashiro in "Arrow" season 3, but was replaced by Rila Fukushima due to a scheduling conflict.
Michelle Branch : The lead single, "Are You Happy Now?
Michelle Branch : The following singles, however, "Breathe" and "'Til I Get over You", did not match the first single's success.
Michelle Branch : They were initially known as "The Cass County Homewreckers" as a joke by Branch's husband, but they trimmed it down to The Wreckers.
Michelle Branch : It was originally slated for release in June 2005 but was delayed because of reasons surrounding Branch's pregnancy.
Michelle Branch : The baby was born on August 28, 2018, named Rhys James Carney.
Michelle Branch : On April 14, 2011, it was announced that Branch had finished recording the album, she also added that "only mixing/mastering left.
Michelle Branch : Branch separated from Landau in 2014, and their divorce was finalized in November 2015.
Michelle Branch : In February 2018, it was announced that Branch and Carney were expecting their first child.
Michelle Branch : In 2017, Branch and her daughter moved into Carney's home in Nashville.
Michelle Branch : On February 2, 2014, she confirmed on Twitter that the rest of the album would be recorded in Nashville for a pop-rock sound.
Michelle Branch : In a previous webcast, she premiered a song from the album called "Spark".
Michelle Branch : Beginning to sing at the age of three, Branch enrolled in voice lessons at Northern Arizona University when she was eight, and received her first guitar for her 14th birthday.
Michelle Branch : In December 2010, Branch announced her return to her pop/rock roots for her album, "West Coast Time".
Michelle Branch : Branch has stated that her music has been influenced by The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, Aerosmith, Lisa Loeb, Joni Mitchell, Queen, Alanis Morissette, Jewel, Fleetwood Mac and Cat Stevens.
Michelle Branch : On November 5, 2013, Branch announced that she had started recording a new album in London with Martin Terefe.
Michelle Branch : On December 12, 2011, Branch released a song titled "If You Happen to Call" for free download on the official website.
Michelle Branch : On June 1, 2011, Branch announced that the album is called "West Coast Time" and slated for a September 2011 release date.
Michelle Branch : On May 26, 2011, Branch hosted a live webchat with fans in which she previewed her new single "Loud Music", which was released to the iTunes Store on June 14, 2011.
Michelle Branch : In the webcast, Branch also mentioned songs on the album called "Mastermind" and "The Story Of Us" and also added that "Through The Radio" would be a hidden track on the CD.
Michelle Branch : The duo's first single "Leave the Pieces" was released in February 2006, while their album "Stand Still, Look Pretty" was released in May.
Michelle Branch : In 2015, Branch met Patrick Carney of The Black Keys at a Grammy party and the two started dating during the production of "Hopeless Romantic".
Michelle Branch : In January 2011, Branch confirmed in an interview with Katie Krause from Hollywire.com that the album would be released later that year.
Michelle Branch : In June 2008, she played several live shows in preparation for the album's release with her sister Nicole singing backing vocals.
Michelle Branch : The couple live in Nashville with their children and two Irish wolfhounds, Charlotte and Darla.
Michelle Branch : The song was co-written and produced by British writers Jim Irvin and Julian Emery who collaborated with Michelle on several songs on the album.
Michelle Branch : Michelle Jacquet DeSevren Branch (born July 2, 1983) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
Michelle Branch : In 2002, Branch teamed up with Santana, alongside songwriters Gregg Alexander and Rick Nowels, to produce the song "The Game of Love", which went on to win a Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.
Michelle Branch : ", was a chart success, earning Branch a nomination for the Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance, though the song lost to Pink's "Trouble".
Michelle Branch : In October 2007, she announced that she was working on a new solo album and later reported the title would be "Everything Comes and Goes".
Michelle Branch : In July 2005, Branch began collaborating with her backup singer and longtime friend Jessica Harp.
Michelle Branch : The group was nominated for the 2006 CMA Awards Vocal Duo of the Year and for a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for the song "Leave the Pieces" in December 2006.
Michelle Branch : Branch married her bass player Teddy Landau in Mexico on May 23, 2004, and gave birth to a girl named Owen on August 3, 2005.
Anette Olzon : It was a matter of heart.
Anette Olzon : EPs, Live Albums & MCDs:
Anette Olzon : At twenty-one, she played the leading role in the rock opera/musical "Gränsland" in Helsingborg.
Anette Olzon : The next album "Omega" was released in 2004.
Anette Olzon : In her earlier days, Olzon took singing lessons at the Copenhagen Music Conservatorie, in Helsingør, Denmark, with a private teacher.
Anette Olzon : The first band she joined at seventeen years of age (Take Cover) was a cover band.
Anette Olzon : The band received huge feedback for a demo they sent out in 1999, and Alyson Avenue was soon able to contact various labels.
Anette Olzon : In 2018 the band reunited and played at Melodicrockfest Scandinavia in Malmö in early June.
Anette Olzon : About the album, Olzon said: "The overall message of the album is that life can be really dark and filled with hardship and sadness, but you can always choose to see some light coming through, to make you stronger and full of life – making you SHINE... no matter what."
Anette Olzon : In November 2000, their debut album "Presence of Mind" was released to positive reviews.
Anette Olzon : The first song from "Shine", "Falling", was released for digital download on 17 December 2013 along with a lyric video on YouTube.
Anette Olzon : Olzon also sang a duet with Michael Bormann (ex-Jaded Heart singer) on his album "Conspiracy".
Anette Olzon : Olzon then joined Alyson Avenue, at first only as a studio singer, but later as their leading lady, replacing the male vocalist.
Anette Olzon : Main composer and keyboardist Niclas Olsson gathered the band, recording a four track demo which resulted in a record deal with AOR Heaven.
Anette Olzon : Olzon officially joined Nightwish as their new lead singer in early 2007, chosen from about 2,000 applicants of which 10 made it to prove their place in front of the band.
Anette Olzon : Olzon has played with several bands, in studio and live, including Brother Firetribe on the song "Heart Full of Fire" from the album of the same name in 2008, The Rasmus on the single "October & April" in 2009, Pain on the song "Follow Me", "Feed Us" from "Cynic Paradise" in 2008 and Black Mount Rise on the single "Apart & Astray" in 2015.
Anette Olzon : On 29 August 2017 it was announced that Anette Olzon would be collaborating with former Sonata Arctica guitarist Jani Liimatainen for a project known as "The Dark Element".
Anette Olzon : Olzon lives in Helsingborg with her husband, former Pain bassist Johan Husgafvel, whom she married on 10 August 2013, and her three children: sons, Seth (Blyckert) (born 11 July 2001) from her first marriage, Nemo (born 30 July 2010), and Mio (born 28 March 2013).
Paola Espinosa : Four years later, she was even more outstanding, having won three gold medals and one silver medal.
Paola Espinosa : In the synchronized jumps, she participated with Tatiana Ortiz, who was also an Olympic medalist.
Paola Espinosa : She was also the champion of the Central America and Caribbean Games in Mayaguez 2010.
Paola Espinosa : On 8 August 2008, she was the champion of the Mexico national team at the Opening ceremony of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games at the National Stadium in Beijing.
Paola Espinosa : At Kazan University in 2013, she won a bronze medal in the synchronized dive and fourth in the individual dive.
Paola Espinosa : In 1987, the Espinosa Sánchez family moved to La Paz from Mexico City with Paola, who was barely nine months old.
Paola Espinosa : In Athens in 2004, from speciality platform jumps of 10 meters, she placed in the individual jump and fifth in synchronized jumps.
Paola Espinosa : Paola Milagros Espinosa Sánchez (born 31 July 1985) is a Mexican diver and represented Mexico at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she was her national team's flagbearer, and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Paola Espinosa : She was recognized as the first athlete with the most number of medals from Mexico in the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games.
Paola Espinosa : On 26 October 2011, in the city of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, she won the gold medal in the 10-meter platform.
Paola Espinosa : During the Pan-American Games which were held in Santo Domingo, she won, together with Laura Sánchez, two silver medals in synchronized diving, the first in 3-meter platform and the other in the 10-meter platform.
Paola Espinosa : On Tuesday, 31 July 2012, in the Olympic Games in London, she won a silver medal in the 10-meter synchronized platform together with Alejandra Orozco, with a score of 343.32.
Catherine Naglestad : Catherine Naglestad, born in San Jose of Scandinavian parentage, and grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area, is an American soprano singer.
Catherine Naglestad : She earned her Bachelor of Music from the San Francisco Conservatory, furthering her studies in Rome, Milan and New York.
Marissa Mayer : For both degrees, her specialization was in artificial intelligence.
Marissa Mayer : She joined Google in 1999 as employee number 20.
Marissa Mayer : In 2005, Mayer became Vice President of Search Products and User Experience.
Marissa Mayer : She was awarded the Centennial Teaching Award and the Forsythe Award from Stanford.
Marissa Mayer : Mayer was born in Wausau, Wisconsin, the daughter of Margaret Mayer, an art teacher of Finnish descent, and Michael Mayer, an environmental engineer who worked for water companies.
Marissa Mayer : in 2017, Mayer started Lumi Labs with former colleague Enrique Munoz Torres.
Marissa Mayer : Mayer went on to graduate with honors from Stanford with a BS in symbolic systems in 1997 and an MS in computer science in 1999.
Marissa Mayer : Marissa Ann Mayer (; born May 30, 1975) is an American businesswoman and investor.
Karin Gayer : She began to study psychology but interrupted and ended her studies because she “could not find what she was searching for”.
Karin Gayer : She published poetry and narrative fiction.
Karin Gayer : Karin Gayer began to write literature at school.
Karin Gayer : Her first book made its appearance in 2002 and was published by Arovell Verlag.
Karin Gayer : She published in Austrian and German literary magazines, in anthologies and on the radio.
Karin Gayer : Karin Gayer (born 1969 in Mödling near Vienna) is an Austrian writer.
Kristen Wiig : Kristen Carroll Wiig (; born August 22, 1973) is an American actress, comedian, writer, and producer.
Kristen Wiig : , she voiced Lola Bunny in the series "The Looney Tunes Show".
Keisha Castle-Hughes : Due to not having any previous acting experience, she went directly from her Auckland school classroom to the film set when the shoot began in New Zealand in late 2001.
Keisha Castle-Hughes : In 2008 Castle-Hughes appeared in the Australian comedy-drama film "Hey, Hey, It's Esther Blueburger", which was filmed in late 2006.
Keisha Castle-Hughes : She soon followed the role by appearing in Prince's controversial "Cinnamon Girl" music video and with a shoot in "Vanity Fair" magazine.
Keisha Castle-Hughes : Castle-Hughes was born in 1990 in Donnybrook, Western Australia, to a Māori mother, Desrae Hughes, and Tim Castle, an Anglo-Australian father.
Keisha Castle-Hughes : She also performed as Mary of Nazareth in the 2006 film "The Nativity Story".
Keisha Castle-Hughes : Their daughter, Felicity-Amore Hull, was born on 25 April 2007.
Maxi Gnauck : Her parents were expecting a boy and they planned to name him Max so, when the baby turned out to be a girl, they simply added an 'i', creating an uncommon name for Germany.
Maxi Gnauck : In April 1986, Maxi officially announced her retirement and began a four-year course in sports coaching at the University of Leipzig.
Maxi Gnauck : In 1980 she was selected East German Sportspersonality of the Year.
Maxi Gnauck : She was one of the first female gymnasts to perform a triple twist on floor.
Maxi Gnauck : Considered one of the best uneven bars competitors of all time, Maxi was also an excellent tumbler.
Maxi Gnauck : By age eight, Maxi had won her first medals at the Kreisspartakiade.
Maxi Gnauck : In 2000, she was inducted into the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame.
Maxi Gnauck : When she was nine she changed her club to SC Dynamo Berlin, where she was coached by Jurgen Heritz.
Maxi Gnauck : Maxi Gnauck (born 10 October 1964) is a retired artistic gymnast who represented East Germany.
Marisol Padilla Sánchez : Confidential" and "Traffic".
Marisol Padilla Sánchez : Marisol Padilla Sánchez is a Mexican-American actress.
Leire Martínez : With Leire, the band has released the albums A las cinco en el Astoria, Cometas por el Cielo and El planeta imaginario.
Leire Martínez : Leire Martínez Ochoa (born June 22, 1979 in Errenteria, Guipúzcoa), is a Basque Spanish singer, songwriter and the current lead vocalist of the band La Oreja de Van Gogh after Amaia Montero's departure in 2007.
Leire Martínez : She participated in the television show Factor X in 2007 performing covers of Julieta Venegas, Vanessa Paradis and Lisa Stansfield.
Lisa Gerrard : Her voice has been described as rich, deep, dark, mournful and unique.
Lisa Gerrard : She has said that she grew up with "Mediterranean music blaring out of the houses" and that this influenced her music, particularly on later Dead Can Dance albums and in her solo and collaborative works.
Lisa Gerrard : She received a Golden Globe Award for the music score to the film "Gladiator", on which she collaborated with Hans Zimmer.
Lisa Gerrard : Lisa Gerrard (; born 12 April 1961) is an Australian musician, singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group Dead Can Dance with music partner Brendan Perry.
Lisa Gerrard : Gerrard was also invited by Denez Prigent to collaborate with him on his piece "Gortoz a ran – J'attends" (meaning "I await"), a piece that was later used in the soundtrack of Ridley Scott's film "Black Hawk Down".
Lisa Gerrard : In 2007 a retrospective album "The Best of Lisa Gerrard", a compilation of fifteen songs, was released covering her career in Dead Can Dance, solo work, and film work.
Lisa Gerrard : Gerrard however performs more predominantly in the dramatic contralto range in her other songs, "Sanvean", "Sacrifice", "Largo", "Lament" and "Not Yet".
Lisa Gerrard : Examples of Gerrard's mezzo-soprano range include the songs "The Host of Seraphim", "Elegy", "Space Weaver", "Come This Way" and "One Perfect Sunrise".
Jennifer Carpenter : In December 2010, Hall and Carpenter released a statement announcing that they had filed for divorce after having been separated "for some time".
Jennifer Carpenter : Jennifer Leann Carpenter (born December 7, 1979) is an American actress.
Jennifer Carpenter : Carpenter played the role of Debra Morgan in the Showtime crime drama television series "Dexter", which premiered October 1, 2006.
Jennifer Carpenter : Before graduation, she was cast in the 2002 Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's "The Crucible" starring Liam Neeson and Laura Linney.
Jennifer Carpenter : She trained at the Walden Theatre Conservatory program, and later at New York City's Juilliard School (Drama Division "Group 31": 1998–2002).
Robin Wright : Wright was raised in San Diego, California.
Robin Wright : Robin Gayle Wright (born April 8, 1966) is an American actress and director.
Robin Wright : She is the recipient of eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations and has earned a Golden Globe Award and a Satellite Award for her work in television.
Robin Wright : She transitioned into feature film work as Buttercup in the cult film "The Princess Bride" (1987).
Robin Wright : In 2017, Wright played General Antiope in "Wonder Woman" (2017), alongside Gal Gadot and Chris Pine.
Robin Wright : This role led Wright to further success in the film industry, with starring roles in films such as "Forrest Gump" (1994), the romantic drama "Message in a Bottle" (1999), the superhero drama-thriller "Unbreakable" (2000), the historical drama "The Conspirator" (2010), the biographical sports drama "Moneyball" (2011), the mystery thriller "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" (2011), the biographical drama "Everest" (2015), the superhero film "Wonder Woman" (2017), and the neo-noir science fiction film "Blade Runner 2049" (2017).
Robin Wright : Wright first gained attention for her role in the NBC Daytime soap opera "Santa Barbara", as Kelly Capwell from 1984 to 1988.
Eva Amaral : We did not do it, but we thought about it"."
Eva Amaral : This year we´ve seen that it has caused interest.
Eva Amaral : We don´t have any kind of problem with EMI, in fact, we still have a good relationship with them”."
Eva Amaral : ""We thought that if you do something, you have to do it with all your heart and that was not our best time.
Eva Amaral : The prize consisted of an amount of €30.000.
Eva Amaral : ""Her lessons were very expensive and I did not have much money…"".
Eva Amaral : The name of the version was "Llegará la tormenta""."
Eva Amaral : For us, it is a step forward” “it´s something that comes from long ago.
Eva Amaral : "“(…) it´s an idea that came up in 2006 and we started doing in 2007.
Eva Amaral : Juan also confirms that they almost quit "“It was a bad time and we thought that maybe this was not making us happy.
Eva Amaral : Scott moved to Madrid, where he worked for a couple of weeks with the band.
Eva Amaral : The distribution is done by a small Spanish company and the truth is, we are very happy.
Eva Amaral : However, we loved the whiteness, something so pure and so real that it dazzles you.
Eva Amaral : But Juan and Eva could not get over the personal downturn so they explained it to Scott and he understood it and stopped the project.
Eva Amaral : Afterwards, they continued the tour in Mexico, Chile and Argentina.
Eva Amaral : We liked to make music but we did not like to be public figures.
Eva Amaral : Through an official statement, the band thanked the jury for the prize and dedicated it to all of their fans.
Eva Amaral : We would rather lick our wounds on our own, we care more about ourselves than the band"," continues Juan.
Eva Amaral : "We also didn´t care if it was our brand or Pepito Records'.
Eva Amaral : Eva and Juan remember this period as a difficult time.
Eva Amaral : We had our ideal world where everyone can just manage themselves and keep everything more familiar.
Eva Amaral : It also reminded us of that blank paper you have to face every time you start to write a song”."
Eva Amaral : ""First, I thought that by locking myself in the studio I would get through it, but it was not that easy.
Eva Amaral : But here we are, still standing on our feet, thanks to Juan, who really supported me"."
Eva Amaral : ""We had sent him a song and he said that the voice sounded amazing and he wanted to see us.
Eva Amaral : (The Spanish version of the song "Acid Queen" by The Who).
Eva Amaral : I was freaking out, I thought it was a joke"," says Juan.
Eva Amaral : She declares that she is shy and that as a teenager, she felt like a weirdo and had many insecurities.
Eva Amaral : There are some things that happen to you that turn you into something like a puppet, like the one on the cover of "Pájaros en la cabeza"."
Eva Amaral : We decided to name it “Antártida” because we were recording that song in the moment and it gave us the idea.
Eva Amaral : Jenkins produced all their albums until 2008.
Eva Amaral : We loved the image of the Antarctica, a completely imagined place as we've never been there.
Eva Amaral : He was the conductor of a music band, even though he did not like music.
Eva Amaral : Even though some people believe that she was born in 1973, she confirmed that she turned 40 in 2012.
Eva Amaral : Cameron loved her extraordinary voice since the first time he heard it and he proposed the band to work with him.
Eva Amaral : Her father, Isidoro Amaral, was born in Cáceres, Spain.
Eva Amaral : During these bad days, the producer Scott Litt had just replied to an email that Juan had sent him before.
Eva Amaral : As I was saying, we started the last CD with our own brand but it was distributed by EMI but this year we´ve taken another step.
Eva Amaral : ""After ‘Pájaros en la cabeza’ we toured and it was a long and hard phase.
Eva Amaral : The name of the band was Juan’s idea, who took Eva’s last name, even though she did not like it at first.
Eva Amaral : At a very young age, she started to play the drums in a self-taught way and she did not think she could sing until she started to do it and realized that it was a much more powerful way to communicate than the drums.
Eva Amaral : And Eva continues ""We thought about quitting.
Eva Amaral : ""Eva has shown me that she is very brave and she stays true to herself, against the interests of the market"", claims Juan.
Eva Amaral : At the beginning, they did not like that their daughter worked as a musician, but they accepted it and ended up loving it.
Eva Amaral : Eva met him on the recording of an Enrique Bunbury’s album, on which she collaborated.
Eva Amaral : Likewise, they recognize their evolution (from small gigs to big concerts) and see this prize as a starting point to follow in the search for the ""perfect concert"" and their ""best CD"."
Eva Amaral : The band recorded in London their third album, called "Estrella de mar" (Starfish).
Eva Amaral : Eva explains the name of the brand saying that "“since we edited the CD with our own brand, it turned out that we didn´t have a name because we are a bit of a mess" (laughs).
Eva Amaral : The tour of "Pájaros en la cabeza" turned into a nightmare, so they decided to give fewer concerts on the following tour, and with a band formed by friends, not by professional musicians.
Eva Amaral : She claims that she had a joyful childhood and that she never liked to play with dolls.
Eva Amaral : She has an older sister, who "“was the one that introduced me to the Beatles’ and Simon and Garfunkel’s music"".
Eva Amaral : Her mother, Carmen Lallana (1943-2007) died in Zaragoza in 2007.
Eva Amaral : This was the best seller in Spain in 2002 and the most successful album of the band so far, having sold more than 2 million copies.
Eva Amaral : With "Gato negro-Dragón rojo" they started to self-manage their own songs.
Eva Amaral : "Pájaros en la cabeza" was the most sold album in Spain in 2005, according to the SGAE (Spanish Society of Authors and Publishers).
Eva Amaral : Jordi Folgado collected the award, as the director of the Vincente Ferrer Foundation.
Eva Amaral : The money was donated to the Vicente Ferrer Foundation and it will be used to build 16 houses in the village of Madirebail, in Anantapur, and to guarantee the university studies of 4 students.
Eva Amaral : The presentation tour began in Zaragoza 6 October, where they performed five concerts in a row with all tickets sold out.
Eva Amaral : We started the path of self-management with "Gato negro-Dragón rojo", but the idea that we had was already from many years ago.
Eva Amaral : The tour 2008 started in Zaragoza in December 2008.
Eva Amaral : In November 2004, Eva and Juan left to London, where they recorded their fourth album, called "Pájaros en la cabeza" (Birds in the head).
Eva Amaral : Afterwards, she studied volume techniques in the art school of Zaragoza.
Eva Amaral : Furthermore, in 2003, Eva played the leading role in a short film by Andreu Castro called "Flores para Maika" (Flowers for Maika).
Eva Amaral : On July 2009, they participated in the concert of MTV Spain Murcia Night, celebrated in Cartagena by the wall of Carlos III and for more than 35.000 people.
Eva Amaral : On 27 October 2010, the Spanish Ministry of Culture gave Amaral the II National Award of Modern Music 2010 for their "“contribution to the renovation of the current music panorama”."
Eva Amaral : On 27 May 2008 was released the fifth album of the duo from Zaragoza with the title "Gato negro-Dragón rojo", a double disc with 19 songs.
Eva Amaral : They did a tour for two years where they gave more than 200 concerts and they played as supporting band in a concert of Lenny Kravitz.
Eva Amaral : In 2012, she collaborated with the Spanish heavy metal band Barón Rojo in the song "La Reina Ácida" from their new album "Tommy Barón".
Eva Amaral : This time, the album was produced by Cameron Jenkins, who also worked with The Rolling Stones, George Michael and Elvis Costello.
Eva Amaral : In 2001, Eva Amaral was given the title of "honorary citizen" by the local government of Zaragoza.
Eva Amaral : In 1998, Eva and Juan signed with the company Virgin-EMI and on 18 May, their first album was released.
Eva Amaral : "“Hacia lo salvaje”" was chosen as the third most important Spanish CD of 2011 by the "Rolling Stone" magazine.
Eva Amaral : On 2009, they had another tour that started in March in the Palau de la Música in Barcelona, a concert that was included on the "Guitar Festival" of the city.
Eva Amaral : The album was released in 14 May 2005 and they started the tour in June in Salamanca.
Eva Amaral : Finally, Eva and Juan started the year 2008 making a version of "A Hard Rain´s a-Gonna Fall" by Bob Dylan, the promotional song for the Expo Zaragoza 2008.
Eva Amaral : The album appears as the number 24 on the list "The 50 best Spanish rock albums", made by the magazine Rolling Stone.
Eva Amaral : In the summer of 2007, while "Gato negro-Dragón rojo" was being recorded, Eva Amaral's mother died and the singer was not feeling strong enough to continue.
Eva Amaral : "Hacia lo salvaje" is the name of the sixth album by the band, released on 27 September 2011, already under the new brand created for the band, called "Antártida" and also produced by herself, Juan Aguirre and Juan de Dios Martín.
Eva Amaral : They were accompanied by a new band, formed by Coki Giménez (drums), Zulaima Boheto (cello), Octavio Vinck (acoustic guitar), Iván González (bass guitar) and Quique Mavilla (keyboard).
Eva Amaral : It was called "Una pequeña parte del mundo" (A small part of the world) and it contained 13 songs, 12 written by the band and a version of the song "Nada de nada" by Cecilia.
Eva Amaral : Eva María Amaral Lallana (Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain 4 August 1972) is a Spanish singer-songwriter, and a member of the group Amaral with Juan Aguirre.
Eva Amaral : On 22 September 2009, closing the "Gato negro-Dragón rojo" cycle, Amaral published a double CD+DVD/Blu-Ray named La barrera del sonido, which includes the concert recorded in the Palacio de los Deportes in Madrid in October 2008, closing like this a season to start a new band with the next studio album.
Eva Amaral : The award was given on 12 July 2011 in La Seu Vella (Lérida), in front of the Princes of Asturias at the time, the Minister of Culture (Ángeles González-Sinde), the counselor of Culture (Ferrán Mascarel) and the mayor of the city (Ángel Ros).
Ally Sheedy : Her parents divorced in 1971.
Ally Sheedy : Sheedy was born in New York City and has two siblings, brother Patrick and sister Meghan.
Ally Sheedy : At age 12 she wrote a book, "She Was Nice to Mice".
Ally Sheedy : They have a son, Beckett (born 1994), who is transgender.
Ally Sheedy : The book was published by McGraw-Hill Education and became a best-seller.
Ally Sheedy : On June 19, 1975, she appeared on the game show "To Tell the Truth".
Ally Sheedy : Sheedy attended Columbia Grammar & Preparatory School in New York City, graduating in 1980.
Ally Sheedy : On April 12, 1992, Sheedy married actor David Lansbury, the nephew of actress Angela Lansbury and son of Edgar Lansbury, the original producer of "Godspell".
Ally Sheedy : Her mother, Charlotte (née Baum), is a writer and press agent who was involved in women's and civil rights movements, and her father, John J. Sheedy, Jr., is a Manhattan advertising executive.
Ally Sheedy : In 2008, Sheedy announced that she and Lansbury had filed for divorce.
Ally Sheedy : Sheedy's mother is Jewish, whereas her father is of Irish Catholic background.
Ally Sheedy : Alexandra Elizabeth "Ally" Sheedy (born June 13, 1962) is an American actress and author.
Ally Sheedy : On March 3, 2008, Sheedy was introduced as the character Sarah, in the ABC Family show "Kyle XY".
Ally Sheedy : She started dancing with the American Ballet Theatre at age six and was planning to make it a full-time career.
Ally Sheedy : Sheedy started acting in local stage productions as a teenager.
Ally Sheedy : In 1999, Sheedy took over the lead role in the off-Broadway production of the musical "Hedwig and the Angry Inch."
Ally Sheedy : After appearing in several television films in 1981, as well as three episodes of the television series "Hill Street Blues", she made her feature film debut in "Bad Boys" (1983), starring Sean Penn, where she played Penn's humiliated girlfriend.
Ally Sheedy : She was reunited with "Breakfast Club" co-star Anthony Michael Hall when she became a special guest star on his television show "The Dead Zone", in the second-season episode "Playing God," from 2003.
Lisa Randall : She has also worked on supersymmetry, Standard Model observables, cosmological inflation, baryogenesis, grand unified theories, and general relativity.
Lisa Randall : Randall is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2004) and the National Academy of Sciences (2008), and a fellow of the American Physical Society.
Lisa Randall : Professor Randall was featured in "Seed" magazine's "2005 Year in Science Icons" and in "Newsweek"s "Who's Next in 2006" as "one of the most promising theoretical physicists of her generation".
Lisa Randall : Randall's books "Warped Passages: Unraveling the Mysteries of the Universe's Hidden Dimensions" and "" have both been on "New York Times" 100 notable books lists.
Lisa Randall : She contributed to the Randall–Sundrum model, first published in 1999 with Raman Sundrum.
Lisa Randall : Her research concerns elementary particles and fundamental forces, and has involved the study of a wide variety of models, the most recent involving dimensions.
Lisa Randall : Lisa Randall (born June 18, 1962) is an American theoretical physicist working in particle physics and cosmology.
Lisa Randall : She won first place in the 1980 Westinghouse Science Talent Search at the age of 18; and at Harvard University, Randall earned both an AB in physics (1983) and a PhD in theoretical particle physics (1987) under Howard Georgi.
Lisa Randall : Randall researches particle physics and cosmology at Harvard, where she is a professor of theoretical physics.
Lisa Randall : After her graduate work at Harvard, Randall held professorships at MIT and Princeton University before returning to Harvard in 2001.
Lisa Ann : She has also worked as a director and talent agent.
Lisa Ann : She has also performed as Palin at strip clubs.
Lisa Ann : She experienced a similar one in 2008 when she played former vice presidential candidate, Sarah Palin.
Lisa Ann : In August 2013, she starred in the music video for the song "Dead Bite" by Hollywood Undead.
Lisa Ann : She quit porn in 1997 due to an AIDS scare in the industry, however she resumed performing in February 2006.
Lisa Ann : In April 2013, "New York Post" reported that she was "the most popular female porn star", according to data provided by Pornhub.
Lisa Ann : In January 2018, she announced that she will come back to the adult industry and start to perform again as a pornographic actress.
Lisa Ann : She launched Clear Talent Management in November 2006, which was later renamed Lisa Ann's Talent Management and merged with Adam Glasser's Lighthouse Agency in 2007 before closing in July 2010.
Lisa Ann : On November 7, 2008, Ann appeared on "Entertainment Tonight" to promote "Who's Nailin' Paylin?"
Lisa Ann : She voiced a character known as "Prostitute #2" in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V", released in September 2013.
Lisa Ann : Lisa Ann (born May 9, 1972) is an American former pornographic actress and radio personality.
Lisa Ann : She was selected to co-host the XRCO Awards in April 2010.
Lisa Ann : In December 2009, it was announced that Lisa Ann had signed on to be the spokeswoman for RealTouch, a mechanized artificial vagina produced by AEBN.
Lisa Ann : In March 2010, Lisa Ann appeared in a public service announcement for the Free Speech Coalition on the topic of copyright infringement of adult content, directed by Michael Whiteacre.
Hannah Teter : She is an Olympic champion, having won the gold medal in halfpipe at the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Torino, Italy and silver at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver.
Hannah Teter : Hannah Teter (born January 27, 1987) is an American snowboarder.
Hans Ooft : Under Ooft, Japan won the Asian Championship for the first time in 1992 but was fired a year later for failing to qualify them for the 1994 World Cup in a crucial match against Iraq.
Jacqueline Gourault : She is part of the leadership team of the MoDem, officially created on December 1, 2007
Jacqueline Gourault : The same year, she was elected, in the first round, member of the Senate of France, representing the Loir-et-Cher department.
Jacqueline Gourault : She was re-elected Senator in the first round, with 53.25% of the votes, during the senatorial elections of September 2011.
Jacqueline Gourault : In October 2014, Jacqueline Gourault is elected Vice-President of the Senate of France.
Jacqueline Gourault : Professor of history and geography, including high school Sainte-Marie de Blois, she entered politics in 1974, during the campaign Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.
Jacqueline Gourault : She led the campaign for Nicolas Perruchot (UDF), who became mayor of the city of Blois, during the municipal elections of 2001.
Jacqueline Gourault : It was in 1993, during the legislative elections, that Jacqueline Gourault emerged on the departmental political scene by campaigning against Jack Lang, then mayor of Blois.
Jacqueline Gourault : She supports Alain Juppé for the Republican presidential primary of 2016 and then supports Emmanuel Macron in the 2017 presidential election.
Jacqueline Gourault : Elected city councilor in 1983, she is mayor of La Chaussée-Saint-Victor from 1989 to 2014.
Jacqueline Gourault : In March 2014, she was elected city councilor at La Chaussée-Saint-Victor on the list led by Stéphane Baudu.
Jacqueline Gourault : Jacqueline Gourault ( ; born 20 November 1950) is a French politician.
Jacqueline Gourault : On 12 December 2017, the Prime Minister, Édouard Philippe, entrusts him with the informal function of monitoring the "Corsican file", following the victory of the nationalists in the territorial elections of 2017.
Iris Apfel : Apfel's husband of 67 years, Carl Apfel, died on August 1, 2015 at age 100.
Iris Apfel : From 1950 to 1992, Iris Apfel took part in several design restoration projects, including work at the White House for nine presidents: Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, and Clinton.
Iris Apfel : It premiered at the New York Film Festival in October 2014, and was subsequently acquired by Magnolia Pictures for US theatrical distribution in 2015.
Iris Apfel : Apfel is the star of a documentary by Albert Maysles, called "Iris".
Iris Apfel : As a young woman, Apfel worked for "Women's Wear Daily" and for interior designer Elinor Johnson.
Iris Apfel : Iris Apfel ("née" Barrel; born August 29, 1921) is an American businesswoman, interior designer, and fashion icon.
Farah Khan : This was followed by many more songs.
Farah Khan : She has one brother, Sajid Khan, who is a comedian, actor and film director.
Farah Khan : Her father, Kamran Khan, is a stuntman-turned-filmmaker.
Farah Khan : Khan became the second female director to be nominated for Filmfare Best Director Award.
Farah Khan : Her mother, Menaka Irani, is the sister of former child actors Honey Irani and Daisy Irani.
Farah Khan : Khan gave birth to triplets in 2008; one son and two daughters.
Farah Khan : Farah Khan Kunder (born 9 January 1965), née Farah Khan, is an Indian film director, film producer, actress, dancer and choreographer best known for her choreographic dance work in numerous Bollywood films.
Farah Khan : As a director, her second movie "Om Shanti Om" Starring Shah Rukh Khan and debutant Deepika Padukone became the highest grossing Hindi film of all time at its time of release.
Farah Khan : Farah Khan trained Colombian pop star Shakira for a Bollywood version of her song "Hips Don't Lie" for the MTV Video Music Awards on 31 August 2006.
Farah Khan : She met actor Shahrukh Khan on the set of "Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa" and the two have since become good friends and started working together.
Farah Khan : When the choreographer Saroj Khan walked out of the film "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar", Khan took over.
Farah Khan : Khan then went on to direct her first film "Main Hoon Na" Starring Shah Rukh Khan which was produced by Red Chillies Entertainment.
Hazal Kaya : She attended Gaziosmanpaşa elementary school and graduated in 2009 from the Liceo Italiano di Istanbul.
Hazal Kaya : Kaya speaks Italian, and English fluently, in addition to her native language Turkish.
Hazal Kaya : Kaya started her acting career in 2006 with TV series "Genco".
Hazal Kaya : She was introduced to the art and acting world at a very young age, and as a child she took ballet and violin lessons for 7 years.
Hazal Kaya : She later got enrolled in Istanbul Bilgi University for her higher education.
Hazal Kaya : Kaya played in the first two seasons of the TV series "Adını Feriha Koydum" (2011) as the lead character, Feriha Yılmaz Sarrafoğlu.
Hazal Kaya : In 2008, Kaya played Nihal Ziyagil in a modern-day adaptation of the novel "Aşk-ı Memnu", written by Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil.
Mari Jungstedt : Mari Jungstedt lives in Stockholm.
Mari Jungstedt : Two of her novels were filmed for Swedish TV, and her work has been translated into English by Tiina Nunnally.
Mari Jungstedt : Jungstedt worked as a reporter on Swedish national public radio and television, and was an occasional presenter on TV4's daily talk show Förkväll.
Mari Jungstedt : Mari Jungstedt (born 31 October 1962 in Stockholm) is a Swedish journalist and crime fiction author.
Gülşah Kocatürk : Gülşah Kocatürk (born January 1, 1986 in Izmir) is a Turkish female judoka competing in the heavyweight (78 kg+) division.
Casey Dellacqua : 78 in singles and 123 in doubles.
Casey Dellacqua : Casey Dellacqua ( ; born 11 February 1985) is a retired Australian professional tennis player.
Preity Zinta : After her testimony, she was given witness protection and was forced to stay out of the public eye for two months.
Preity Zinta : Now I am increasingly believing in this."
Preity Zinta : It is not that I fear nothing.
Preity Zinta : I am human.
Preity Zinta : She does not identify with any particular religion.
Preity Zinta : She is animated.
Preity Zinta : For me, religion is very personal.
Preity Zinta : It's all about having faith ... We have heard and read that all religions are equal.
Preity Zinta : But getting over a fear is a continuous process and I have been successful so far."
Preity Zinta : The film was considered an unusual launch for a newcomer, as her role called for only 20 minutes of screen time.
Preity Zinta : Zinta has been the subject of several controversies.
Preity Zinta : It is when you fear and you get over it, then you can be called brave.
Preity Zinta : On receiving the award, she said, "To be brave is not to be fearless.
Preity Zinta : In 2006, she moved into her own home in Mumbai.
Preity Zinta : It was an economic success, becoming the third-highest-grossing film of the year in India.
Preity Zinta : Rediff.com wrote of Zinta that she "... is beautiful and vibrant, wavering between endearingly naive and confused".
Preity Zinta : Zinta is known in the Indian media for publicly speaking her mind, and consequently has sparked the occasional controversy.
Preity Zinta : Zinta called the tragic accident and her father's death a significant turning point in her life, which forced her to mature rapidly.
Preity Zinta : According to Zinta, she enjoyed schoolwork and received good grades; in her free time she played sports, especially basketball.
Preity Zinta : In an interview with "The Times of India", she comments, "I believe in good deeds, in karma, I don't believe in going to temples.
Preity Zinta : She earned a postgraduate degree in criminal psychology, but later took up modelling.
Preity Zinta : Her scene with Khan, in which she asked him, "Are you a virgin?
Preity Zinta : Zinta was the only witness who did not become hostile to the prosecution; the nation responded positively to her actions.
Preity Zinta : Afterwards, she appeared in other catalogues and commercials, including one for the soap Liril.
Preity Zinta : She has two brothers; Deepankar and Manish, a year older and a year younger, respectively.
Preity Zinta : These accomplishments established her as a leading actress of Hindi cinema.
Preity Zinta : Zinta often recalls that when she joined the film industry, her friends teased her that she would typically "wear white saris and dance in the rain", thereby motivating her to play different parts.
Preity Zinta : Zinta used to visit her native town Shimla when she was not busy shooting.
Preity Zinta : She played her first leading role in the action-drama "Soldier" (1998), a commercial hit of the year.
Preity Zinta : Unlike several of her colleagues, Zinta repeated in court her earlier statement that she had received extortion threats from the mafia during the shooting of the film.
Preity Zinta : On 29 February 2016, Zinta married her long-time American partner Gene Goodenough at a private ceremony in Los Angeles.
Preity Zinta : Deepankar is a commissioned officer in the Indian Army, while Manish lives in California.
Preity Zinta : A review in "The Hindu" said about her performance, "Preity Zinta is her usual cherubic self and lends colour to the otherwise serious proceedings".
Preity Zinta : In 2000, Zinta began dating model Marc Robinson.
Preity Zinta : She graduated from college with an English honours degree, and then started a graduate programme in psychology.
Preity Zinta : Anupama Chopra from "India Today" reported that Zinta belonged to a new breed of Hindi film actors that breaks away from character stereotypes.
Preity Zinta : Since 2006, Zinta has been the brand ambassador for the Godfrey Phillips Bravery awards.
Preity Zinta : She narrowly escaped death twice in late 2004: first after an explosion at a Temptation concert in Colombo, Sri Lanka; and second during the Indian Ocean earthquake.
Preity Zinta : Consequently, she was the first recipient of Godfrey's Mind of Steel Award at the annual Red and White Bravery Awards, given to her for the "courageous act" of standing against the Mumbai Underworld.
Preity Zinta : "Dil Chahta Hai" was popular with critics, some of whom noted it broke new ground by introducing a realistic portrayal of Indian youth.
Preity Zinta : Her first international film role was in the Canadian film "Heaven on Earth", for which she was awarded the Silver Hugo Award for Best Actress at the 2008 Chicago International Film Festival.
Preity Zinta : As a student, she developed a love for literature, particularly the works of William Shakespeare and poetry.
Preity Zinta : He died in a car accident when she was 13 years old; the accident also involved her mother, Nilprabha, who was severely injured and consequently remained bedridden for two years.
Preity Zinta : Zinta's first role in 2000 was in the drama "Kya Kehna", which unexpectedly became a box office success.
Preity Zinta : In 2003, as a witness in the Bharat Shah case, she testified against the Indian mafia.
Preity Zinta : Zinta was born on 31 January 1975 into a Rajput family from Shimla, Himachal Pradesh.
Preity Zinta : Thirteen other witnesses before her, including celebrities Salman Khan and Shahrukh Khan, were witnesses in the case but later retracted their earlier statements.
Preity Zinta : Preity G Zinta (pronounced ; born 31 January 1975) is an Indian film actress and entrepreneur, who was one of the most popular and highest paid actresses in the 2000s.
Preity Zinta : In 2004, Zinta joined a group of South Asian commentators for BBC News Online.
Preity Zinta : After graduating with degrees in English honours and criminal psychology, Zinta made her acting debut in "Dil Se.." in 1998, followed by a role in "Soldier" in the same year.
Preity Zinta : These controversies include her being the sole witness not to retract in court her earlier statements against the Indian mafia during the 2003 Bharat Shah case, for which she was awarded the Godfrey Phillips National Bravery Award.
Preity Zinta : Zinta starred as Aamir Khan's love interest, Shalini.
Preity Zinta : Bharat Shah, the financer of one of her films, "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", was arrested in 2000 for having connections with Chhota Shakeel, a Mumbai underworld boss.
Preity Zinta : She won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for her performance in both "Dil Se.." and "Soldier".
Preity Zinta : She was introduced as Preeti Nair, a middle-class Delhi girl and Khan's fiancée.
Preity Zinta : She was later noted for her portrayal of independent, modern Indian women in "Salaam Namaste" (2005) and "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna" (2006), top-grossing productions in overseas markets.
Preity Zinta : She followed with the leading role alongside Akshay Kumar in "Sangharsh", a thriller directed by Tanuja Chandra and written by Mahesh Bhatt.
Preity Zinta : Along with Ness Wadia, Mohit Burman and others, Zinta acquired ownership rights in 2008 for the Mohali-based Twenty20 cricket team of the Indian Premier League (IPL).
Preity Zinta : Later that year, Zinta starred in Vidhu Vinod Chopra's drama "Mission Kashmir" alongside Sanjay Dutt and Hrithik Roshan.
Preity Zinta : Zinta received the Filmfare Award for Best Actress in 2003 for her performance in the drama "Kal Ho Naa Ho".
Preity Zinta : These performances earned her the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut, and she was later recognised for her role as a teenage single mother in "Kya Kehna" (2000).
Preity Zinta : Zinta next acted in two Telugu films, "Premante Idera" (1998), opposite Venkatesh; and "Raja Kumarudu" (1999), opposite Mahesh Babu.
Preity Zinta : In addition to acting, Zinta has written a series of columns for BBC News Online South Asia; she is a social activist, a television presenter, and a regular stage performer.
Ken Bugul : Among other themes, the work deals with and critiques African colonialism.
Ken Bugul : After his death, she returned to the big city.
Ken Bugul : Today she lives and works in Senegal.
Ken Bugul : In the Wolof language, her pen name means "one who is unwanted".
Ken Bugul : She subsequently married a doctor from Benin and gave birth to a daughter.
Ken Bugul : After completing her elementary education in her native village, she studied at the Malick Sy Secondary School in Thiès.
Ken Bugul : Bugul was raised in a polygamous environment, born to a father who was an 85-year-old marabout.
Ken Bugul : After a year in Dakar, she obtained a scholarship that allowed her to continue study in Belgium.
Ken Bugul : She was awarded the Grand prix littéraire d'Afrique noire for her novel "Riwan ou le Chemin de Sable" in 2000, but is better known among American readers for her novel "The Abandoned Baobab", which is her only book to date to have been translated into English.
Ken Bugul : In 1980 she returned to her home, where she became the 28th wife in the harem of the village marabout.
Ken Bugul : From 1986 to 1993, Bugul worked for the NGO IPPF (International Planned Parenthood Federation) in Nairobi, Kenya; Brazzaville, Congo; and Lomé, Togo, and served as the head of the organization's African region section.
Jordyn Wieber : The team was nicknamed the "Fierce Five".
Jordyn Wieber : Wieber started gymnastics at a young age.
Jordyn Wieber : In August, an injury prevented her from attending the Visa Championships.
Jordyn Wieber : Both girls scored 15.200.
Jordyn Wieber : On January 19, 2018, Wieber testified in court that she was sexually abused by the long-term team doctor of USA Gymnastics, Larry Nassar.
Jordyn Wieber : Later in March, Wieber competed at the 2012 Pacific Rim Gymnastics Championships in Everett, Washington.
Jordyn Wieber : She helped the American team place first.
Jordyn Wieber : She also won the all-around final with a score of 59.382.
Jordyn Wieber : In June, Wieber competed at the Visa Championships in St. Louis, Missouri.
Jordyn Wieber : On April 24, 2019, it was announced that Wieber became the head coach for the Arkansas Razorbacks gymnastics program.
Jordyn Wieber : In early July, Wieber competed at the Olympic Trials in San Jose, California.
Jordyn Wieber : In October, Wieber competed at the 2011 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Tokyo, Japan.
Jordyn Wieber : In August, Wieber competed at the Visa Championships in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Jordyn Wieber : In February 2009, Wieber competed at the American Cup in Chicago, Illinois.
Jordyn Wieber : At the end of July, Wieber competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
Jordyn Wieber : She placed first on uneven bars with a score of 15.200 and tied for first on balance beam with Olympic medalist Alicia Sacramone.
Jordyn Wieber : In May, Wieber competed at the Secret U.S. Classic in Chicago, Illinois.
Jordyn Wieber : In the event finals, she placed first on uneven bars scoring 29.750, third on balance beam scoring 29.900 and first on floor scoring 29.900.
Jordyn Wieber : In July, Wieber competed at the Covergirl Classic in Chicago, Illinois.
Jordyn Wieber : She won the all-around competition with a two-day combined score of 121.900.
Jordyn Wieber : In March, Wieber participated in her first senior elite competition at the American Cup in Jacksonville, Florida, where she filled in for an injured athlete.
Jordyn Wieber : In the event finals, she placed fifth on uneven bars scoring 30.100, fifth on balance beam scoring 29.750, and second on floor scoring 30.500.
Jordyn Wieber : She placed 8th on uneven bars with a score of 14.250 and first on balance beam with a score of 15.000.
Jaqueline Carvalho : She started her career with Gremio de Volei Osasco in 2002, before moving to Unilever Rio de Janeiro in 2004.
Jaqueline Carvalho : On August 24, 2013, she won a fourth gold medal of the World Grand Prix after winning the final match against Japan.
Jaqueline Carvalho : In 2006 she moved to play in Europe for Vini Monteschiavo Jesi, later joining Gruppo Murcia 2002 and Scavolini Pesaro.
Jaqueline Carvalho : She is married to Murilo Endres, who is also a Brazilian volleyball player, and they have a son named Arthur.
Jaqueline Carvalho : Jaqueline Maria Pereira de Carvalho Endres (born December 31, 1983 in Recife, Brazil) is a Brazilian volleyball player, a member of the Brazilian team that won the Olympic Games at Beijing 2008 and London 2012.
Jaqueline Carvalho : Carvalho and Brazil's national team won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Jaqueline Carvalho : Playing with Sollys Nestle, Carvalho won the gold medal and the "Best Receiver" award in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship held in Doha, Qatar.
Marie-Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid : In the 2009 European elections, she was the fourth candidate on the Union for a Popular Movement list in the South-West region, and was elected to the European Parliament.
Marie-Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid : She is an assistant to the Mayor of Perpignan, Jean-Paul Alduy and an English teacher.
Mimi Leder : Miriam Leder (born January 26, 1952) is an American film and television director and producer noted for her action films and use of special effects.
Mimi Leder : Continuing to work for DreamWorks, she directed "Deep Impact" (1998) and "Pay It Forward" (2000) while simultaneously creating "Sentimental Journey" (1999), a personal love story about her parents.
Mimi Leder : She shot nine pilots and produced six series, including "The Beast" (2001), "John Doe" (2002), "Johnny Zero" (2005), and "Vanished" (2006).
Mimi Leder : She soon received a job offer from Steven Spielberg to direct the film "The Peacemaker" (1997).
Mimi Leder : In 1988, Leder directed episodes of "Crime Story", "The Bronx Zoo", "Midnight Caller", then directed several episodes of "China Beach" (1988–91) for which she was nominated for four Emmys.
Lara Fabian : Acte 2 - Ascension
Lara Fabian : The project was commercially unsuccessful but critically praised.
Lara Fabian : The song also gained some popularity in Portugal, for the same reason, though it was never officially released or promoted.
Lara Fabian : During the 1980s, Fabian entered a number of European competitions and won several prizes.
Lara Fabian : This album was planned for release in late 2008.
Lara Fabian : Neither of the songs achieved success and the album was not promoted; and its release was canceled in the United States.
Lara Fabian : "Pure" sold more than two million copies in France; the album went platinum in less than two weeks, and spawned several hit singles: "Tout", "Je t'aime", "Humana", each of which sold more than a million copies, and the anti-homophobia anthem "La Différence".
Lara Fabian : She released her first single, "L'Aziza est en pleurs" / "Il y avait" in 1986.
Lara Fabian : The first single released for radio was "The Last Goodbye" in the US and a number of other countries (except France).
Lara Fabian : The album is performed in a new style, with smoothness, serenity and joy, a departure from the deep, dramatic style of earlier recordings.
Lara Fabian : They started their own music label and publishing company, Productions Clandestines.
Lara Fabian : She has sold over 20 million records worldwide as of September 2017 and is one of the best-selling Belgian artists of all time.
Lara Fabian : Other singles released included "Ne lui parlez plus d'elle", "Un Ave Maria", "Il ne manquait que toi" and the gospel-infused "L'homme qui n'avait pas de maison".
Lara Fabian : The first single, released in the summer of 2001, was the anthem "J'y crois encore" was a top 20 French hit.
Lara Fabian : She also composed for Daniel Lévi and is said to be currently working with a former contestant from "Nouvelle Star 3", Roland.
Lara Fabian : The following year, the album went triple platinum.
Lara Fabian : She has been promoting this project in both countries both on television and by performing a series of concerts presenting the new songs live to the eastern European public.
Lara Fabian : Fabian married Sicilian musician/artist Gabriel Di Giorgio in 2013.
Lara Fabian : In July 1999, with over six million records already sold across Europe, Polydor rereleased Fabian's self-titled debut album.
Lara Fabian : Fabian and French singer Patrick Fiori began a relationship at the start of 1998.
Lara Fabian : The second single was "Toutes les Femmes en moi", the only original song on the album.
Lara Fabian : Also in 1998, Polydor released "Carpe diem" in Europe.
Lara Fabian : In 2004, Fabian released her second English album, "A Wonderful Life".
Lara Fabian : The album itself, containing a CD and a DVD, was first released in Ukraine in October 2010 and in Russia in November.
Lara Fabian : The follow-up ballad, "Love By Grace", entered the Adult Contemporary chart, peaking at #24.
Lara Fabian : The album went gold in 1993, and platinum the following year.
Lara Fabian : In February 1998, Fabian received the Discovery of the Year award during the Victoires de la Musique Gala.
Lara Fabian : The third single, the dance-pop song "I Am Who I Am", remixed by Hex Hector, did not chart.
Lara Fabian : She has often praised the voice and talent of successful female singer Amel Bent, who was also a contestant on that show.
Lara Fabian : Disney also included "Que Dieu aide les exclus", Fabian's French version of the song "God Help The Outcasts", on the film's English soundtrack album alongside Bette Midler's version.
Lara Fabian : The CD presents 15 live performances and a new song, "Aime", recorded in a studio in Montreal, Quebec.
Lara Fabian : Eleven music videos, one each song, were combined to create a full-length film, produced and directed by Ukrainian film producer Alan Badoev.
Lara Fabian : In Brazil, the song "I Guess I Loved You" achieved moderate success when included on a soap opera entitled "Senhora do Destino" (Her own Destiny), a well-known Brazilian television series.
Lara Fabian : "Review My Kisses", written by Desmond Child, was first recorded by LeAnn Rimes in 2002 for her album "Twisted Angel".
Lara Fabian : The album went "Gold" three weeks after its release, and spawned three hit singles: "Tu t'en vas", "Si tu m'aimes", and "Leïla".
Lara Fabian : In December, she was named as Revelation of the Year by Paris Match, which put her on its cover to mark this occasion.
Lara Fabian : She also made a few TV appearances (such as 60th Anniversary of Israel where Fabian performed a Hebrew song and duetted with Israeli singer Noa).
Lara Fabian : In August 1991, her self-titled French-language debut album, "Lara Fabian", was released in Canada and sold over 100,000 copies.
Lara Fabian : A few months after her daughter's birth, Fabian carried out a tour of Ukraine, Russia and Greece.
Lara Fabian : After a sabbatical in 2004, Fabian returned to the music scene spring of 2005 with her fifth French album, "9".
Lara Fabian : During this period, Fabian recorded songs for several Hollywood motion picture soundtracks, including "The Dream Within" for the "" soundtrack, and "For Always" for the "AI:Artificial Intelligence" soundtrack, which contained both a solo version and a duet with Josh Groban.
Lara Fabian : In June 2007 Fabian worked in Rome and Los Angeles to record tracks for her next studio album.
Lara Fabian : Fabian is a full lyric soprano with a vocal range that spans three octaves from C3 to G♯6 in live performances.
Lara Fabian : She also performed again in Eastern Europe, with a more acoustic set (piano-voice), and included English recordings from the album Every Woman in Me.
Lara Fabian : She was in a relationship with French director, producer, and composer beginning in 2006, and has a daughter with him.
Lara Fabian : In the meantime, the single "Un Cuore Malato" (with Gigi D'Alessio) reached the top of the Italian charts and #16 in France.
Lara Fabian : She also recorded the album "Nuit Magique" with Canadian singer Coral Egan.
Lara Fabian : She is multilingual, in fact she speaks French, Spanish, Italian and English.
Lara Fabian : She first introduced one of these songs in 2009 during the New Wave Festival in Latvia, performing "Demain n'existe pas".
Lara Fabian : The dance-pop song "I Will Love Again", her first English single, reached #1 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play, and peaked #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #10 Adult Contemporary, as well as appearing in several international charts.
Lara Fabian : The whole set of songs composed by Fabian with Igor Krutoy is in English, French, Italian, Spanish, and Russian.
Lara Fabian : For the Asian version of the album, Fabian collaborated with American-Taiwanese pop star Leehom Wang on the song "Light of My Life".
Lara Fabian : The first single, Soleil, Soleil, is a cover of the Nana Mouskouri song.
Lara Fabian : Her 2003 stint at the Casino de Paris every Monday night consisted of concerts to small audiences which were released as a live CD and DVD at the end of 2003, under the title "En toute intimité".
Lara Fabian : Other singles followed, including "Immortelle", "Aimer Déjà" and in 2002 "Tu es mon autre" (a duet with fellow Belgian, Maurane which was nominated for song of the year and reached the top 5 in France).
Lara Fabian : In November 1998, she received the Félix Award for Artist with the Most Recognition Outside Quebec at the 'ADISQ Gala'.
Lara Fabian : In the summer of 1999, Fabian recorded her first English-language album, "Lara Fabian", in New York and San Francisco for the Sony label.
Lara Fabian : In March 1999, Fabian released her first live album, named "Live", which debuted at #1 on the French charts.
Lara Fabian : The album was also released in Portugal and reached the top 10 on the album charts during the Fall of 2001.
Lara Fabian : "Nue" (Naked), Fabian's fourth French album, was released in the Fall of 2001 in both Québec and France.
Lara Fabian : Fabian’s parents recognized her talents early on and enrolled her in the Royal Conservatory of Brussels when she was eight.
Lara Fabian : She was born in Etterbeek, Brussels to a Belgian father and a Sicilian mother.
Lara Fabian : Towards the end of 2002, Fabian released her second live album, "Live 2002", from her latest tour, together with a DVD showcasing concerts recorded in December 2001 in Belgium at the Forest National and at Le Zénith in Paris.
Lara Fabian : In Europe, the single "Adagio" charted at #5 on the French singles chart and #3 on the Belgian singles chart.
Lara Fabian : Throughout the first half of 2010, Fabian embarked on a European tour of concerts, throughout France, Switzerland, and Belgium, incorporating the main repertoire of her last album "Toutes Les Femmes En Moi" along with some classic and fan favorites.
Lara Fabian : In 1996, Walt Disney Studios hired Fabian to voice the character of Esmeralda in the French version of the animated feature "The Hunchback of Notre Dame".
Lara Fabian : Fabian was a guest performer on the show of October 30 of the Ukrainian X Factor, singing "Mademoiselle Hyde" and "Demain N'Existe Pas", taken from the album and also her longtime classic "Adagio".
Lara Fabian : In 2002, Fabian contributed to the "World Soccer Championship" CD release, with the song "World at Your Feet" written and produced by Gary Barlow.
Lara Fabian : The album reached #1 in Belgium and #2 in France but had little impact in Québec.
Lara Fabian : Lara Sophie Katy Crokaert (born 9 January 1970), better known as Lara Fabian, is a Canadian-Belgian singer, songwriter, musician, actress and producer.
Lara Fabian : "9" yielded the hit single "La Lettre", a song co-written with her new partner, Jean-Félix Lalanne, with whom she produced the album's 11 tracks.
Lara Fabian : In May 1999, Fabian was honoured at the "World Music Awards" in Monaco, where she received Best Selling Record for the Year 1998 for her album "Pure".
Lara Fabian : In October she was a surprise guest a concert Gigi D'Alessio gave in France at the Olympia in Paris.
Lara Fabian : Fabian received two Félix awards at the 1995 ADISQ gala: Best Show Of The Year and Best Female Singer Of The Year (a category that is voted for by the public).
Lara Fabian : During 2008, Fabian was in Belgium preparing to record a French album with pianist Mark Herskowitz.
Lara Fabian : The songs were written and produced with Rick Allison and Dave Pickell, Walter Afanasieff, Glen Ballard and Patrick Leonard.
Lara Fabian : Fabian has written for other artists such as French female singers Chimène Badi, Nolwenn Leroy and Myriam Abel.
Lara Fabian : The more organic sound on the album is attributed to the work of French guitarist Jean-Félix Lalanne, and producers Desmond Child, Anders Bagge and the British team True North (composed of Take That singer Gary Barlow and Elliot John Kennedy).
Lara Fabian : The album won a Félix for Popular Album of the Year at the 1997 ADISQ gala and was nominated for two Juno Awards in the Best Selling French Album category, and for Fabian as Best Female Singer.
Lara Fabian : The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard 'Heatseekers' album chart, reached #1 on the French album chart and #2 on the Belgian album chart.
Melanie Behringer : FFC Frankfurt in 2010.
Melanie Behringer : Behringer started her career at SpVgg Utzenfeld and FC Hausen.
Melanie Behringer : She made her debut for the German senior national team in January 2005 against China.
Melanie Behringer : For the 2008–09 season, Behringer transferred to FC Bayern Munich and finished second in the Bundesliga table in her first year in Munich.
Melanie Behringer : She was part of Germany's World Cup winning squad at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, starting in all six games.
Melanie Behringer : Behringer has been called up for Germany's 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.
Melanie Behringer : On 31 March 2016, Behringer extended her contract until 2019.
Ángela Becerra : Very few people know her as an active creator in other fields.
Ángela Becerra : Her works have been translated into 23 languages and published in more than 50 countries.
Ángela Becerra : At 17 she married Humberto Tellez.
Ángela Becerra : Throughout its pages, the two characters live a lengthy dream with a surprising ending.
Ángela Becerra : During his funeral, his wife and his lover will tell his scattered life; what they do not know is that the dead is also listening and will have much to say in that funeral.
Ángela Becerra : Ángela Becerra writes regularly for various international media and platforms as Piensa, Es Gratis.
Ángela Becerra : The result of this union is her first daughter Ángela (Cali, 1980).
Ángela Becerra : No one will recognize her as the sad and lonely writer who restores old books in Florence and falls in love with a mysterious book keeper.
Ángela Becerra : Throughout her adolescence she writes many poems that later will be part of his collection "Alma Abierta" (Open Soul).
Ángela Becerra : A combination of observation, silence and imagination led Becerra to write at an early age her first stories in which she created other worlds.
Ángela Becerra : Some art curators value her approaches to photography, drawing, painting, sculpture and theater, recognizing a powerful aesthetic universe.
Ángela Becerra : It is the story of Francisco Valiente, a casanova of the 21st century who dies suddenly.
Ángela Becerra : This book got the Planeta-Casa de America Award in 2009.
Ángela Becerra : This is a story set in the imaginary city of Garmendia del Viento, where time seems to accompany the anxieties of Fiamma and Martin.
Ángela Becerra : The story takes place between Barcelona and Cannes, where Joan and Soledad fall in love as teenagers.
Ángela Becerra : In 2000, amidst her professional success, she abandoned her career as a publicist in order to devote herself entirely to her deepest passion: writing.
Ángela Becerra : She read her first book when she was only 6, Peter and Wendy by J.M.
Ángela Becerra : In her intention to feel alive again, the writer creates an enigmatic character, a Donna di lágrima, a silent woman adored by men.
Ángela Becerra : In 1987, and after she is divorced, Becerra moved to Bogota where she continued her successful advertising career earning numerous awards for her creative work.
Ángela Becerra : She is one of the most widely read Spanish-speaking authors, the most read Colombian writer after Gabriel García Márquez, and considered the creator of the Magical Idealism.
Ángela Becerra : Once married Becerra begins Economics, career that she abandons in order to pursue Communication and Advertising Design from which she graduated with honors in 1982.
Ángela Becerra : Born in the Colombian city of Cali, she is the daughter of Marco Tulio Becerra and Cilia Acevedo, the fifth of seven children -5 women and 2 men.
Ángela Becerra : "" (She, who had it all) (Planeta Group, 2009), a psychological novel, is the story of a writer who suffers an accident and never writes again.
Ángela Becerra : The book has been awarded with the XXIV Fernando Lara Novel Award.
Ángela Becerra : In 2008, Becerra published "Amor con A" (Villegas Editores) in Colombia, a collection of poems printed in a limited edition that gathers the beginning, life and death of love.
Ángela Becerra : In 1988, after meeting the advertiser and writer -who will become her husband and the father of her second daughter María (Barcelona 1993)-, Becerra traveled to Barcelona and for thirteen years hold the Creative Vice Presidency of one of the most important advertising agencies Spain.
Ángela Becerra : Her most recent novel "" (Someday, today) (Planeta Group, 2019), is based on a real event that took place in 1920 in Colombia, and in which she tells the story of Betsabé Espinal, who at the age of twenty-three becomes the heroine of one of the first feminist strikes in history.
Ángela Becerra : In 2013 Becerra published "" (Memoires of a Seven Soles Scoundrel) (Planeta Group), a novel full of emotional contrasts set in the most glamorous and traditional Seville.
Ángela Becerra : This work received a warm reception from critics and readers in both Spain and Latin America, obtaining the Chicago Latin American Literary Award for Best Sentimental Novel.
Ángela Becerra : The work that established her as a great novelist is "" (The Penultimate Dream) (Planeta Group 2005, Villegas Editores, 2005), an immense love story that overcomes every obstacle.
Ángela Becerra : Her first published work was "" (Open Soul) (Planeta Group, 2001), a beautiful collection of poems that deals with the conflicts of the human being in maturity.
Ángela Becerra : For this book she received the Chicago Latin American Literary Award 2007 in two categories: Best Mystery Novel and Best Romantic Novel.
Ángela Becerra : "" (Of Useless Loves) (2003), her first published novel (Villegas Editores 2003, Grupo Planeta 2004), marks the beginning of a very personal style described by literary critics as Magic Idealism.
Ángela Becerra : She has won several awards such as the Premio Fernando Lara de Novela in 2019 (Fernando Lara Novel Award), the Planeta-Casa de América Award (Premio Planeta - Casa de América) in 2009, the Azorín Prize (Premio Azorín) in 2005 and four Chicago Latin Literary Awards, as well as the Premio Iberoamericano Planeta-Casa de América de Narrativa.
Isabella Rossellini : At first, I thought I didn't know what to say, I didn't know what to write and then thought it might be really fun to do little short films about animals.
Isabella Rossellini : She was married to Martin Scorsese from 1979 to 1982.
Isabella Rossellini : Isabella Fiorella Elettra Giovanna Rossellini (born 18 June 1952) is an Italian actress, filmmaker, author, philanthropist, and model.
Isabella Rossellini : She has three siblings from her mother: her fraternal twin sister Isotta Rossellini, who is an adjunct professor of Italian literature; a brother, Robertino Ingmar Rossellini; and a half-sister, Pia Lindström, who formerly worked on television and is from her mother's first marriage with Petter Lindström.
Giselle Khoury : It began its launch in early 2014.
Giselle Khoury : She has a son, Marwan, and a daughter, Rana.
Giselle Khoury : She is the widow of Samir Kassir.
Giselle Khoury : The show covered current events and the latest political developments from the Arab world and beyond.
Giselle Khoury : Khoury travels to different countries to meet with predominant Arab and international figures and hear their accounts of events that have shaped history.
Giselle Khoury : She hosted a weekly political talk show on Al-Arabiya from the 2003-2013 duration.
Giselle Khoury : Poduced by Mona Hamdan in Lebanon, (Al MaMsh’had) brings into focus some of the most compelling eyewitness accounts of recent history in the Middle East.
Giselle Khoury : Khoury was married to journalist, writer and historian Samir Kassir until his assassination on June 2, 2005.
Giselle Khoury : Her show is called Al Mashhad where she interviews prominent figures and high-profile guests from the Arab World.
Giselle Khoury : During the time Khoury worked on the political show "Bil Arabi", part of the Al Arabiya news channel, she hosted political decision makers, heads of states, prime ministers and ministers of foreign affairs.
Giselle Khoury : She joined the pan-Arab media group MBC in 2002 and contributed to the launch of the 24-hour Al-Arabiya news channel.
Giselle Khoury : She started her career in 1986 on LBC 1 Channel as a presenter of cultural talk shows.
Giselle Khoury : In 2009, Gisèle co-founded “Al Rawi” production company whose first project was a four-episode biography of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Giselle Khoury : Gisele Khoury () is a Lebanese journalist and talk show host on BBC Arabic.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : Celia struggled with cancer throughout Ruth's high school years and died the day before Ruth's high school graduation.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : Celia took an active role in her daughter's education, often taking her to the library.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : As the director of the ACLU's Women's Rights Project, she argued six gender discrimination cases before the Supreme Court between 1973 and 1976, winning five.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : Ginsburg was born in Brooklyn, New York.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : The creator of the Notorious R.B.G.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : She is the second female justice (after Sandra Day O'Connor) of four to be confirmed to the court (along with Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, who are still serving).
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : On November 8, 2018, she was hospitalized after fracturing three ribs in a fall in her office at the Supreme Court.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : As part of her dissent, Ginsburg called on Congress to amend Title VII to undo the court's decision with legislation.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : She is generally viewed as belonging to the liberal wing of the court.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : Ruth Bader Ginsburg (, born Joan Ruth Bader; March 15, 1933) is an American lawyer and jurist who is an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : English actress Felicity Jones portrays Ginsburg in the film, with Armie Hammer as her husband Marty.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : In 1972, Ginsburg co-founded the Women's Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and, in 1973, she became the Project's general counsel.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg : In 1980, President Jimmy Carter appointed her to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, where she served until her appointment to the Supreme Court.
Maria Friedman : Maria Friedman (born 19 March 1961) is an English actress and director of stage and screen, best known for her work in musical theatre.
Sandie Clair : Sandie Clair (born Toulon, France, 1 April 1988) is a French professional racing cyclist.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : "Satellite" was awarded the maximum of 12 points nine times and received points from all but five countries.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : I wanted to see how I am perceived, and I wanted to hear what people with knowledge have to say about it.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She has also been lauded for her stage presence and charisma.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : I personally can't judge myself at all."
Lena Meyer-Landrut : This has drawn praise as well as criticism, including allegations of being arrogant and disrespectful.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The last show was held one month before the start of her final exams.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Asked about her motivation to apply, she said, "I like to test myself.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She usually refuses to answer questions about her private life, including her family, friends and personal beliefs, sometimes calling questions "stupid" or responding with counterquestions instead.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : They chose position 22 out of the 25 spots.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Her vocals have been both praised and criticised.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Her pared-back presentation was a break from recent Eurovision trends, as it did not feature any choreography, dancers or an elaborate stage show.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : On 18 February 2011, the "Unser Song für Deutschland" final was held.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She has also been described as giving "infatuation a rhythm" and blurring the "fine line between puppy love and psychotic obsession" in her song "Satellite".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : It also topped the European Hot 100 singles chart—the first Eurovision song to do so.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In its third episode, she premiered the previously unreleased song "If I Wasn't Your Daughter".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The No One Can Catch Us Tour name was taken from a line on her first single from the album, "Stardust".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She has been said to possess an "adequate youthful megalomania," to "cultivate her forwardness" and to stand for "unadorned genuineness" and "sincerity".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : "Satellite" was certified gold after the first week and platinum after the fourth week of its release.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The following week, Adele's "My Same" entered the German singles chart at number 61.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The song remained at number one for five consecutive weeks in Germany.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : German press instantly discussed the song's content, which refers to Lena's relationship with her father who left the family when she was two.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : "Satellite" sold over 100,000 downloads in its first week, becoming Germany's fastest-selling digital release ever.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : and "Giraffenaffen – Die Schatzssuche", which were both published in October 2013.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In the same month she dubbed the voice of three characters in the two audiobooks "Giraffenaffen – Wir sind da!"
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In June 2010 she graduated from IGS Roderbruch Hannover, a comprehensive school, receiving her Abitur diploma.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She grew up as an only child, and started taking dancing lessons at the age of five; initially doing ballet and later practising various modern styles, including hip-hop and jazz dance.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Appearing fourth from last, Meyer-Landrut wore a simple black dress and performed on a bare stage with four backing singers.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The show was organised by public broadcaster ARD and private television station ProSieben, as well as entertainer, music producer and former Eurovision entrant Stefan Raab.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut is credited as a co-writer for the lyrics of five songs.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : From 4,500 entrants, Meyer-Landrut was picked as one of the 20 contestants for the show.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Of her eight cover performances, five of the original songs subsequently charted in Germany, with all but "Foundations" reaching their peak chart position.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She was joined by the five Eurovision winners from 2007 to 2011, which included Marija Šerifović, Dima Bilan, Alexander Rybak, and Ell & Nikki.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She returned to Hanover the following day, where she was greeted by 40,000 people.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The song peaked at number eight on the German Singles Chart, becoming her highest-charting single in three years.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The BBC called "Satellite" the first "contemporary pop hit Eurovision has produced in decades," ushering in "a new era for the annual music jamboree".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Throughout the show, Meyer-Landrut was seen as the clear favourite.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Bookmakers regarded her as the second favourite behind Azerbaijan's Safura, while Google projected she would win based on search volume in the participating countries.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In June, "Satellite" regained the top spot on the German singles chart for one week and also peaked at number one in Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The music video for "Satellite" was shot during the night of the final and premiered on German television stations four days later.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In July 2013, it was announced that she would be the German voice of Jane in the motion capture animated film "Tarzan 3D", which was released in German cinemas in February 2014.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The final was held on 29 May 2010 at Oslo's Telenor Arena.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut grew fond of singing and appeared as an extra in a number of German television series, though she never received any formal acting or vocal training.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In an attempt to explain Meyer-Landrut's success, her appearance has been called a "mix of loveliness, professionalism and a little craziness".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Through televoting the audience chose "Satellite", written by American Julie Frost and Dane John Gordon, to be her designated song in the event she won the show.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : "Satellite" received a total of 246 points, giving Germany its first win since 1982, and the first victory as a unified country.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : While competing at "Unser Star für Oslo", Meyer-Landrut continued to attend school.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The song won over Turkey's entry "We Could Be the Same" with a margin of 76 points, the second largest in Eurovision history, second only to Alexander Rybak's margin of 169 points in the 2009 contest.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut arrived in Oslo one week before the show and completed five rehearsals of her song "Satellite".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : On 24 May 2012, Meyer-Landrut performed as part of the interval act during the second semi-finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She rose to fame after representing Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo, winning the contest with her song "Satellite".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut reached the final of "Unser Star für Oslo", mainly performing lesser-known songs by international artists The Bird and the Bee, Kate Nash, Paolo Nutini and Lisa Mitchell.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The following month, Meyer-Landrut participated in the fourth season of the German TV show "Sing meinen Song - Das Tauschkonzert", the German version of the series "The Best Singers".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : According to Norway's "Aftenposten" she received the most media attention of all the participants.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut has been noted for her unconventional way of handling the press, which has been labelled "aloof" as well as "quick-witted" and "intuitive".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut's victory received much attention in Germany and the show was seen by 15 million viewers on German television (a 49.1 percent market share).
Lena Meyer-Landrut : From March to May 2014 Meyer-Landrut returned as coach for the second season of "The Voice Kids" along with Henning Wehland from Söhne Mannheims and Johannes Strate from Revolverheld.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : One day after winning "Unser Star für Oslo", her three songs from the finals topped the German iTunes Store sales chart, making her the first singer to accomplish this.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In a second round of voting Meyer-Landrut was chosen as Germany's entry for the 55th Eurovision Song Contest, beating the last remaining contestant, Jennifer Braun.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : After her first appearance, performing "My Same" by British singer Adele, Meyer-Landrut received much praise from the show's jury panel and was instantly considered the favourite.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : "Satellite" has been certified double Platinum, and the album has been certified five times Gold for sales of over 500,000 units.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The album debuted at number one on the German albums chart.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In September 2015, Meyer-Landrut released "Wild & Free", the theme song for the motion picture "Fack ju Göhte 2" as a single.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut's demeanour has been described as "carefree", and "laid-back and self-effacing".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : includes the singles "Satellite", "Love Me" and "Bee", as well as two cover songs and eight unreleased titles.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : She is the granddaughter of Andreas Meyer-Landrut, the Baltic German-born West German ambassador to the Soviet Union in Moscow from 1980 to 1983 and 1987 to 1989, and Hanna Karatsony von Hodos who was born in Bratislava, Slovakia of Hungarian nobility.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In late July and early August she went on a promotion tour called "Lenas Wohnzimmer", which took her to Munich, Cologne, Hamburg and Berlin.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : With her three entries from the German national final "Unser Star für Oslo", Meyer-Landrut set an all-time chart record in her home country by debuting with three songs in the top five of the German Singles Chart.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Meyer-Landrut decided to take part in the talent show "Unser Star für Oslo", a newly created national television programme to select the German entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In April 2011, she went on her first German tour of the largest concert halls in Berlin, Hanover, Frankfurt, Dortmund, Leipzig, Hamburg, Munich, Stuttgart and Cologne, though the concerts were not sold out.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : In the final, on 12 March 2010, Meyer-Landrut sang three songs specifically written for the contest, "Bee", "Satellite" and "Love Me".
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The album was released on 12 October and debuted at number two on the German Albums Chart.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : The twelve songs Meyer-Landrut performed during that show were recorded on her second studio album "Good News," which was released on 8 February 2011.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : It was decided through televoting that Meyer-Landrut would perform the entry "Taken by a Stranger" in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Also that year, Meyer-Landrut covered the Pippi Longstocking song "Sjörövar Fabbe" ("Seeräuber-Opa Fabian") for the compilation album "Giraffenaffen" in November 2012.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Lena Meyer-Landrut was born in Hanover, Germany, on 23 May 1991.
Lena Meyer-Landrut : Lena Johanna Therese Meyer-Landrut (; born 23 May 1991), also known by the mononym Lena, is a German singer-songwriter.
Thandie Newton : Newton was brought up in London and Penzance, Cornwall and studied dance at the Tring Park School for the Performing Arts.
Thandie Newton : Newton was born in Westminster, London, England, the daughter of a Zimbabwean mother, Nyasha and Nick Newton, an English laboratory technician and artist.
Thandie Newton : Newton has expressed an affinity for Buddhism.
Sinn Sage : She started her pornography career in 2003 and has appeared in over 300 films.
Sinn Sage : Sinn Sage (born October 4, 1983) is an American hardcore lesbian pornographic film actress, director and producer.
Hina Jilani : She herself was away from home: the threats put pressure on her to migrate, but she refused, and continues to live and work in Lahore.
Hina Jilani : Another time, gunmen entered her house and threatened members of her family.
Hina Jilani : She has conducted several cases which have become landmarks in setting human rights standards in Pakistan.
Hina Jilani : The gunman shot Samia dead and fired at Hina who managed to escape.
Hina Jilani : Jilani is internationally recognised for her expertise in critical human rights investigations.
Hina Jilani : Samia's mother came with a gunman to her office on the pretext of seeking reconciliation with her daughter.
Hina Jilani : Her battle for the rights of children, especially the protection of child labourers engaged in hazardous work, led to the promulgation an act regulating the employment of children in 1991.
Hina Jilani : In 2009, Jilani was appointed to the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict.
Hina Jilani : On 11 July 2013, Jilani joined The Elders, a group of statesmen, peace activists and human rights advocates, brought together by Nelson Mandela.
Hina Jilani : discriminatory legislation) and also founded Pakistan's first legal aid center in 1986.
Hina Jilani : During that period, she was also appointed to the International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, Sudan, in 2006.
Hina Jilani : Initially the activities were confined to providing legal aid to women, but gradually these activities increased to including legal awareness, education, protection from exploitation, legal research, counselling and providing legal assistance as well.
Hina Jilani : In addition to managing a shelter, Dastak also organises workshops to create awareness of human rights and the protection of women.
Hina Jilani : Jilani is also affiliated with the United Nations Human Rights Council, the Carter Center, and the UN Conference on Women.
Hina Jilani : Jilani commenced practising law in 1979, while Pakistan was under martial law.
Hina Jilani : In 1999 after representing the case of Samia Sarwar, a young woman who was seeking divorce from her abusive husband, Jilani and Jahangir were again subject to death threats.
Hina Jilani : A lawyer and civil society activist and active in the movement for peace, human rights and women's rights in Pakistan for the last three decades, she specialises in human rights litigation, and is especially concerned with the human rights of women, children, minorities, bonded and child labour, political and other prisoners.
Hina Jilani : In addition to providing pro bona legal aid, she has also helped set up a shelter for women fleeing violence and abuse, called "Dastak" in 1991.
Hina Jilani : She is also one of the founders of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and the Women’s Action Forum (WAF) (a pressure group established in 1980 campaigning against
Hina Jilani : Hina Jilani (؛ born 1953), is an advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and a human-rights activist from Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan.
Hina Jilani : As a result, their work in the field of women's activism, Jilani and Jahangir have been arrested, received death threats, and faced hostile propaganda, intimidation, public abuse and murder attempts on themselves and their family.
Hina Jilani : From 2000 to 2008, Jilani was the United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Human Rights Defenders.
Yū Asakawa : She was previously married to fellow voice actor Showtaro Morikubo but the two are now divorced.
Aaron Swinson : In 1994-95, Swinson played in nine games for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Aaron Swinson : Aaron Anthony Swinson (born January 9, 1971) is an American retired professional basketball player.
Marisol Ayuso : Her father, Pedro Pablo Ayuso, was also an actor, and her mother, María Soledad Domínguez Giraldes, was an aristocrat (the granddaughter of the Viscount of Troncoso).
Roberta Bondar : Marie's Walk of Fame.
Roberta Bondar : As a child, Bondar enjoyed science and athletics.
Roberta Bondar : Respected for her expertise and commentary, Bondar has been a guest of television and radio networks throughout the U.S. and Canada.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar was one of the six original Canadian astronauts selected in 1983.
Roberta Bondar : Marie at Sault College on November 1, 2016.
Roberta Bondar : She also pursued her interests in photography, with emphasis on natural environments.
Roberta Bondar : She loved the annual science fairs at her classes, and her father built a lab in the basement where she frequently conducted experiments.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar served two terms as the Chancellor of Trent University, from 2003 to 2009.
Roberta Bondar : In 2009, Concordia University awarded Bondar the prestigious Loyola Medal.
Roberta Bondar : In 2017, the Royal Canadian Mint released a limited edition 25th anniversary $25 coin entitled "A View of Canada from Space".
Roberta Bondar : She began astronaut training in 1984, and in 1992 was designated Payload Specialist for the first International Microgravity Laboratory Mission (IML-1).
Roberta Bondar : Bondar has also been a consultant and speaker to diverse organizations, drawing on her expertise as an astronaut, physician, scientific researcher, photographer, author, environment interpreter, and team leader.
Roberta Bondar : She is the author of four photo essay books featuring her photography of the Earth, including "Passionate Vision" (2000), which covered Canada's national parks.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar flew on the NASA Space Shuttle Discovery during Mission STS-42, January 22–30, 1992, during which she performed experiments in the Spacelab.
Roberta Bondar : After her astronaut career, Bondar led an international team of researchers at NASA for more than a decade, examining data obtained from astronauts on space missions to better understand the mechanisms underlying the body's ability to recover from exposure to space.
Roberta Bondar : In 1981, Bondar became a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in neurology with a subspecialty in neuro-ophthalmology.
Roberta Bondar : After more than a decade as head of an international space medicine research team collaborating with NASA, Bondar became a consultant and speaker in the business, scientific, and medical communities.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar graduated from Sir James Dunn High School in Sault Ste.
Roberta Bondar : She is featured in the IMAX movie "Destiny in Space", and has also co-anchored the Discovery Channel's coverage of space shuttle launches.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar has also been honoured with a marker on Sault Ste.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar would receive a star on Canada's Walk of Fame and would be inducted on October 1 at Elgin Theatre in Toronto.
Roberta Bondar : Her father is of Ukrainian descent and her mother is of English descent.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar has received many honours including Companion of the Order of Canada, the Order of Ontario, the NASA Space Medal, over 28 honorary degrees, induction into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame, the International Women's Forum Hall of Fame and has her own star on Canada's Walk of Fame.
Roberta Bondar : A celebrated landscape photographer, Bondar was an Honors student in Professional Nature Photography at the Brooks Institute of Photography, Santa Barbara, California.
Roberta Bondar : Roberta Bondar (; born December 4, 1945) is Canada's first female astronaut and the first neurologist in space.
Roberta Bondar : Marie Ontario, and holds a Bachelor of Science in zoology and agriculture from the University of Guelph (1968), a Master of Science in experimental pathology from the University of Western Ontario (1971), a Doctor of Philosophy in neuroscience from the University of Toronto (1974), and a Doctor of Medicine from McMaster University (1977).
Roberta Bondar : Marie, the Roberta Bondar Park pavilion bears her name, as does the marina beside the park and the Ontario government building at 70 Foster Drive.
Roberta Bondar : Bondar was born in Sault Ste.
Roberta Bondar : In her hometown of Sault Ste.
Roberta Bondar : The unveiling of this honour was done in her hometown of Sault Ste.
Roberta Bondar : In 2005, another public school named Roberta Bondar Public School opened in Brampton, Ontario.
Roberta Bondar : There are also Dr. Roberta Bondar Elementary Schools in Abbotsford, British Columbia, and Calgary, Alberta, and a Dr. Roberta Bondar Public School in Maple (Vaughan), Ontario
Britney Spears : [...] I was so bored.
Britney Spears : But I wanted more."
Britney Spears : I would really, really like to be a legend like Madonna."
Britney Spears : A lot of people put it down, but what she does is a positive thing."
Britney Spears : at her kindergarten graduation.
Britney Spears : And Britney had that."
Britney Spears : I was the point guard on the basketball team.
Britney Spears : The performance was panned by many critics.
Britney Spears : [...] I just know that I'm excited to get into the studio again and actually have already been back recording."
Britney Spears : The incident was highly publicized.
Britney Spears : I had my boyfriend, and I went to homecoming and Christmas formal.
Britney Spears : 'Britney Spears' was Yahoo!
Britney Spears : Spears left the facility the following day.
Britney Spears : Pitbull was the supporting act for the European leg.
Britney Spears : On the decision, Gan stated, "who in our world did not grow up listening to her music?"
Britney Spears : They don't judge me," Spears said in the issue.
Britney Spears : She said about her ambition as a child, "I was in my own world, [...] I found out what I'm supposed to do at an early age".
Britney Spears : When Britney did that, she got this kind of raspy, sexy voice."
Britney Spears : Rudolph decided that he wanted to pitch her to record labels, for which she needed a professional demo made.
Britney Spears : With N' Sync and the Backstreet Boys, we had to push for that mid-nasal voice.
Britney Spears :  Spears is a soprano.
Britney Spears : Her erratic behavior and hospitalizations led Spears to be placed on a still ongoing conservatorship.
Britney Spears : However, on January 4, 2019, she announced that the residency was cancelled after her father had a near-fatal colon rupture.
Britney Spears : Two weeks later, executives from Jive Records returned calls to Rudolph.
Britney Spears : "Oops!...
Britney Spears : Tickets were sold out within minutes for major cities, and additional dates were added to meet the demand.
Britney Spears : The album, "Glory", was formally released on August 26, 2016.
Britney Spears : After hearing the recorded material, president Clive Calder ordered a full album.
Britney Spears : At age three, she started attending dance lessons in her hometown of Kentwood, Louisiana, and was selected to perform as a solo artist at the annual recital.
Britney Spears : The app, created by Glu Mobile, was made available through both iOS and Google Play.
Britney Spears : During her childhood, she also had gymnastics and voice lessons, and won many state-level competitions and children's talent shows.
Britney Spears : Spears made her local stage debut at age five, singing "What Child Is This?"
Britney Spears : The company said it aimed to shake up the 'jungle' world of fashion with Spears's 'La Collection Memento No.
Britney Spears : Her team also announced that Spears would go on an indefinite work hiatus, putting all activities and commitments on hold, so that she can spend time with her family.
Britney Spears : Although she made friends with most of her classmates, she compared the school to "the opening scene in "Clueless" with all the cliques.
Britney Spears : Along with "Make Me...", Spears and G-Eazy also performed the latter's hit song "Me, Myself & I".
Britney Spears : According to alleged reports by "TMZ", she stated in court that she was forcibly put into the mental health facility.
Britney Spears : Spears sang Houston's "I Have Nothing" (1992) for the executives, and was subsequently signed to the label.
Britney Spears : In September 2006, she gave birth to her second child, a son.
Britney Spears : Spears attended the hearing with her mother.
Britney Spears : The last show was broadcast live with performances of "Toxic" and "Work Bitch" airing on ABC's "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve" to a record audience of 25.6 million.
Britney Spears : Senior vice president of A&R Jeff Fenster said about Spears's audition that "it's very rare to hear someone that age who can deliver emotional content and commercial appeal...For any artist, the motivation—the 'eye of the tiger'—is extremely important.
Britney Spears : In the 2002 book "Madonnastyle" by Carol Clerk, she is quoted saying: "I have been a huge fan of Madonna since I was a little girl.
Britney Spears : The same month, Spears reportedly entered a psychiatric facility to focus on self-care amidst stress from her father's illness.
Britney Spears : In addition to opening the show, Spears was honored with the Billboard Millennium Award.
Britney Spears : In 2011, "Radiance" was re-issued as a new perfume titled "Cosmic Radiance".
Britney Spears : Spears was slated to make $507,000 per show, which would have made her the highest paid act on the Las Vegas Strip.
Britney Spears : The music found on "...Baby One More Time" and "Oops!...
Britney Spears : Spears appeared on the cover of "Marie Claire" UK for the October 2016 issue.
Britney Spears : Casting director Matt Casella rejected her as too young, but introduced her to Nancy Carson, a New York City talent agent.
Britney Spears : "Britney's Gram" and several news outlets questioned the length of the conservatorship, as it was supposed to end after The Circus Tour in 2009.
Britney Spears : They claimed the hospitalization and "Domination" cancellation were ordered by Spears's father after she decided to not take her medication and violated rules in her conservatorship, specifically driving.
Britney Spears : In December, Spears became engaged to her long-time boyfriend Jason Trawick, who had formerly been her agent.
Britney Spears : In the publication, Spears revealed that she had suffered from crippling anxiety in the past, and that motherhood played a major role in helping her overcome it.
Britney Spears : The tour ranked at 86 and 30 on Pollstar's 2018 Year-End Top 100 Tours chart both in North America and worldwide, respectively.
Britney Spears : He sent Spears an unused song of Toni Braxton; she rehearsed for a week and recorded her vocals in a studio with a sound engineer.
Britney Spears : Three of the labels rejected her, saying that audiences wanted pop bands such as the Backstreet Boys and the Spice Girls, and "there wasn't going to be another Madonna, another Debbie Gibson, or another Tiffany."
Britney Spears : On August 16, 2016, MTV and Spears announced that she would perform at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards.
Britney Spears : Her maternal grandmother, Lillian Portell, was English (born in London), and one of Spears's maternal great-great-grandfathers was Maltese.
Britney Spears : In a review for "...Baby One More Time", Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic referred to her music as a "blend of infectious, rap-inflected dance-pop and smooth balladry."
Britney Spears : "TMZ" later posted several conflicting stories, detailing in a video that although Spears had not been formally diagnosed with bipolar disorder, she is receiving medication for it, and justified this, which was later deleted.
Britney Spears : It was reported on April 24, 2019, that Spears would have a new conservatorship hearing for May 10, 2019.
Britney Spears : Her third studio album, "Britney" derived from the teen pop niche "[r]hythmically and melodically", but was described as "sharper, tougher than what came before", incorporating genres such as R&B, disco and funk.
Britney Spears : Spears traveled to New York with the demo and met with executives from four labels, returning to Kentwood the same day.
Britney Spears : The final performance reportedly brought in $1.172 million, setting a new box office record for a single show in Las Vegas, and breaking the record previously held by Jennifer Lopez.
Britney Spears : Guy Blackman of "The Age" wrote that "[t]he thing about Spears, though, is that her biggest songs, no matter how committee-created or impossibly polished, have always been convincing because of her delivery, her commitment and her presence.
Britney Spears : Carson was impressed with Spears's singing and suggested enrolling her at the Professional Performing Arts School; shortly after, Lynne and her daughters moved to a sublet apartment in New York.
Britney Spears : Spears was hired for her first professional role as the understudy for the lead role of Tina Denmark in the Off-Broadway musical "Ruthless!".
Britney Spears : During the same appearance, Spears announced that "Britney Jean" would be released on December 3, 2013, in the United States.
Britney Spears : At age eight, Spears and her mother Lynne traveled to Atlanta, Georgia to audition for the 1990s revival of "The Mickey Mouse Club".
Britney Spears : On June 28, 1999, Spears began her first headlining ...Baby One More Time Tour in North America, which was positively received by critics.
Britney Spears : In March 2019, Spears's co-conservator Andrew Wallet resigned, and said "Substantial detriment, irreparable harm and immediate danger will result to the conservatee and her estate if the relief requested herein in not granted on an ex parte basis."
Britney Spears : On April 27, 2018, Epic Rights announced a new partnership with Spears to debut her own fashion line in 2019, which would include clothing, fitness apparel, accessories, and electronics.
Britney Spears : In January 2004, Spears married childhood friend Jason Allen Alexander at A Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Britney Spears : In August 2011, Spears received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards.
Britney Spears : "Oops!...I Did It Again" saw Spears working with several contemporary R&B producers, which led to "a combination of bubblegum, urban soul, and raga."
Britney Spears : In September 2010, she made a cameo appearance on a Spears-themed tribute episode of American TV show "Glee", titled "Britney/Brittany".
Britney Spears : Editor-in-chief of the magazine, Stephen Gan, revealed that Spears was selected for the "V100" issue because of her status as an icon in the industry.
Britney Spears : They appointed her to work with producer Eric Foster White for a month, who reportedly shaped her voice from "lower and less poppy" delivery to "distinctively, unmistakably Britney."
Britney Spears : After the show was canceled in 1996, she returned to Mississippi and enrolled at McComb's Parklane Academy.
Britney Spears : Spears posted a video Instagram account on April 24, assuring fans all is well and also addressed leaked emails about Lou Taylor, claiming they were written by her ex-manager Sam Lutfi."
Britney Spears : The podcast "Britney's Gram" alleged, according to information from an anonymous paralegal source, that Spears had been held against her will in the facility since January 2019.
Britney Spears : Following the podcast, there was social media backlash to the alleged abuse of power and violation of human rights Spears has endured under a conservatorship by her father and the mismanagement of Lou Taylor, who was responsible for initiating the conservatorship.
Britney Spears : Other singles, "Oops!...
Britney Spears : In total, the tour grossed $54.3 million with 260,531 tickets sold and was the sixth highest-grossing female tour of 2018, and was the United Kingdom's second best-selling female tour of 2018.
Britney Spears : On March 20, 2018, Spears was announced as part of a campaign for French luxury fashion house Kenzo.
Britney Spears : On April 22, 2019, fans held a protest outside the West Hollywood City Hall, drawing attention towards the prolonged conservatorship, suggesting she was being detained against her will.
Britney Spears : Lynne asked family friend and entertainment lawyer Larry Rudolph for his opinion and submitted a tape of Spears singing over a Whitney Houston karaoke song along with some pictures.
Britney Spears : In June 1997, Spears was in talks with manager Lou Pearlman to join the female pop group Innosense.
Britney Spears : Rami Yacoub who co-produced Spears's debut album with lyricist Max Martin, commented, "I know from Denniz Pop and Max's previous productions, when we do songs, there's kind of a nasal thing.
Britney Spears : In 2016, Spears confirmed via social media that she had begun recording her ninth studio album.
Britney Spears : In July 2018, Spears released her first unisex fragrance, Prerogative.
Britney Spears : On December 31, 2017, Spears performed the final show of Britney: Piece of Me.
Britney Spears : "Billboard" opined that, by the time she released her second album "Oops!...
Britney Spears : On October 21, 2018, Spears performed at the Formula One Grand Prix in Austin, which ultimately served as the final performance of her Piece of Me Tour.
Britney Spears : In November 2016, during an interview with Las Vegas Blog, Spears confirmed she had already begun work on her next album, stating: "I'm not sure what I want the next album to sound like.
Britney Spears : Rob Sheffield of "Rolling Stone" wrote: "Spears carries on the classic archetype of the rock & roll teen queen, the dungaree doll, the angel baby who just has to make a scene."
Britney Spears : Her siblings are Bryan James and Jamie Lynn Spears.
Britney Spears : In December, "Forbes" magazine named her music's top-earning woman of 2012, with estimated earnings of $58 million.
Britney Spears : Later that month, "Forbes" announced that Spears was the 8th highest earning female musician, earning $34 million in 2017.
Britney Spears : On October 18, 2018, Spears announced her second Las Vegas residency show, , which was set to launch at Park MGM's Park Theatre on February 13, 2019.
Britney Spears : On March 1, 2016, "V" magazine announced that Spears would appear on the cover of its 100th issue, dated March 8, 2016, in addition to revealing three different covers shot by photographer Mario Testino for the milestone publication.
Britney Spears : In May 2012, Spears was hired to replace Nicole Scherzinger as a judge for the second season of the U.S. version of "The X Factor", joining Simon Cowell, L.A. Reid and fellow new judge Demi Lovato, who replaced Paula Abdul.
Britney Spears : She flew to Cheiron Studios in Stockholm, Sweden, where half of the album was recorded from March to April 1998, with producers Max Martin, Denniz Pop and Rami Yacoub, among others.
Britney Spears : Britney Jean Spears was born on December 2, 1981 in McComb, Mississippi, the second child of Lynne Irene Bridges and James Parnell Spears.
Britney Spears : Britney Jean Spears (born December 2, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress.
Britney Spears : The performance marked Spears's first time returning to the VMA stage after her widely controversial performance of "Gimme More" at the 2007 show nine years earlier.
Britney Spears : On November 4, 2017, Spears attended the grand opening of the Nevada Childhood Cancer Foundation Britney Spears Campus in Las Vegas.
Britney Spears : Producer William Orbit, who collaborated with Spears on her album "Britney Jean", stated regarding her vocals: "[Britney] didn't get so big just because [she] put on great shows; [she] got to be that way because [her voice is] unique: you hear two words and you know who is singing".
Britney Spears : Spears was featured on will.i.am's "Scream & Shout", which was released as a single from his fourth studio album, "#willpower" (2013).
Britney Spears : Prior to her breakthrough success, she is described as having sung "much deeper than her highly recognizable trademark voice of today", with Eric Foster White, who worked with Spears for her debut album "...Baby One More Time", being cited as "[shaping] her voice over the course of a month" upon being signed to Jive Records "to where it is today—distinctively, unmistakably Britney".
Britney Spears : In January 2017, Spears received four wins out of four nominations at the 43rd People's Choice Awards, including Favorite Pop Artist, Female Artist, Social Media celebrity as well as Comedic Collaboration for a skit with Ellen DeGeneres for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
Britney Spears : On April 12, 2018, Spears was honored with the 2018 GLAAD Vanguard Award at the GLAAD Media Awards for her role in "accelerating acceptance for the LGBTQ community".
Britney Spears : In October 2013, she was featured as a guest vocalist on Miley Cyrus's track "SMS (Bangerz)", taken from her fourth studio album "Bangerz" (2013).
Britney Spears : On September 17, 2013, she appeared on "Good Morning America" to announce her two-year concert residency at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas, titled .
Britney Spears : On May 22, 2016, Spears performed a medley of her past singles at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards.
Britney Spears : Throughout her career, Spears has drawn frequent comparisons to Madonna and Jackson in particular, in terms of vocals, choreography and stage presence.
Britney Spears : In May 2016, Spears launched a casual role-play gaming application titled "Britney Spears: American Dream".
Britney Spears : On July 14, 2016, Spears released the lead single, "Make Me...", from her ninth studio album, featuring guest vocals from American rapper G-Eazy.
Britney Spears : Spears's work has influenced artists including Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Meghan Trainor, Demi Lovato, Kelly Key, Kristinia DeBarge, Little Boots, Charli XCX, Marina Diamandis, Tegan and Sara, Pixie Lott, Grimes, Selena Gomez, Hailee Steinfeld, Tinashe, Victoria Justice, Cassie, Leah Wellbaum of Slothrust, The Saturdays, Normani, Miley Cyrus, Cheryl, Lana Del Rey, Ava Max, and Billie Eilish.
Britney Spears : On April 29, 2017, Spears became the first recipient of the Icon Award at the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards.
Britney Spears : It has sold 1 million copies in the United States, and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
Sue Lyon : She was the youngest of five children, and her father died before her first birthday.
Sue Lyon : Lyon died in West Hollywood on the morning of December 26, 2019 at the age of 73.
Sue Lyon : In her final film, she played a news reporter in "Alligator" (1980).
Sue Lyon : Her 1973 marriage to Cotton Adamson in a Colorado state prison where he was incarcerated for robbery and second-degree murder was so contentious at the time that Lyon cited its negative impact on her career as the reason for their divorce only a year later.
Sue Lyon : Suellyn Lyon (July 10, 1946 – December 26, 2019) was an American actress.
Joanna Cassidy : During her time there, she married Kennard C. Kobrin in 1964, a doctor in residency, and found work as a fashion model.
Joanna Cassidy : Joanna Cassidy (born August 2, 1945) is an American actress.
Rama Yade : She moved to France with the rest of her family at the age of eight.
Rama Yade : She was educated in Catholic schools and then at the "Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris", where she graduated in 2000.
Rama Yade : She later became an administrator in the Senate in 2002.
Rama Yade : In April 2013, she was convicted for libeling and slandering Manuel Aeschlimann.
Rama Yade : In May 2007, she was appointed as Secretary of State for Human Rights under the Minister of Foreign and European Affairs, Bernard Kouchner.
Rama Yade : She joined the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) political party in 2005 and became National Secretary in charge of Francophonie in 2006.
Rama Yade : She is married to Joseph Zimet, the son of Yiddish singer Ben Zimet, and an adviser to former Secretary of State Jean-Marie Bockel.
Rama Yade : Rama Yade (born Mame Ramatoulaye Yade; 13 December 1976) is a Senegalese-born French politician and the author of several books.
Rama Yade : Her mother, Aminata Kandji, was a professor and her father, Djibril Yade, also a professor, was the personal secretary of Senegalese President Léopold Sédar Senghor and a diplomat.
Isabelle Adjani : Adjani said:
Isabelle Adjani : I didn't grow up with that will to win an award."
Isabelle Adjani : I think Isabelle is made for American cinema."
Isabelle Adjani : She soon left the theatre to pursue a film career.
Isabelle Adjani : They married and she returned with him to Paris, not speaking a word of French.
Isabelle Adjani : The film was seen more than 1.1 million times in Adjani's native France but did not do as well in the US.
Isabelle Adjani : Adjani was later engaged to the composer Jean-Michel Jarre; they broke up in 2004.
Isabelle Adjani : He died on 25 December 2010, aged 53.
Isabelle Adjani : Truffaut on the other hand said, "France is too small for her.
Isabelle Adjani : "Gusti" met Adjani's father, Mohammed Adjani, near the end of World War II, when he was in the French Army.
Isabelle Adjani : Isabelle grew up bilingual, speaking French and German fluently, in Gennevilliers, a northwestern suburb of Paris, where her father worked in a garage.
Isabelle Adjani : After winning a school recitation contest, Adjani began acting by the age of 12 in amateur theater.
Isabelle Adjani : She starred in a music video for the hit title song, "Pull Marine", which was directed by Luc Besson.
Isabelle Adjani : She successfully passed her baccalauréat and was auditing classes at the University of Vincennes in 1976.
Isabelle Adjani : Isabelle Yasmina Adjani (born 27 June 1955) is a French film actress and singer.
Isabelle Adjani : From 1989 to 1995, she had a relationship with Daniel Day-Lewis, who left before the birth of their son, Gabriel-Kane Day-Lewis, in 1995.
Isabelle Adjani : The cast and the crew filmed both English- and German-language versions simultaneously upon request of 20th Century Fox, the American distributor, as Kinski and Ganz could act more confidently in their native language.
Isabelle Adjani : That same year, Adjani released the French pop album "Pull marine", written and produced by Serge Gainsbourg.
Isabelle Adjani : She agreed to make "The Driver" because she was an admirer of Hill's first film "Hard Times".
Isabelle Adjani : She had described Hollywood as a "city of fiction" and said, "I'm not an American.
Isabelle Adjani : In 1979, Adjani had a son, Barnabé Saïd-Nuytten, with the cinematographer Bruno Nuytten, whom she later hired to direct her project "Camille Claudel," a biopic of the sculptor who was best known as the lover of Rodin.
Isabelle Adjani : Her other notable film performances include "The Tenant" (1976), "Nosferatu the Vampyre" (1979), "Subway" (1985), "Diabolique" (1996), and "French Women" (2014).
Isabelle Adjani : Isabelle Yasmina Adjani was born on 27 June 1955 in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, to Mohammed Cherif Adjani, an Algerian Kabyle father from Constantine, and Emma "Gusti" Augusta Schweinberger, a German Catholic mother from Bavaria.
Isabelle Adjani : She received her fourth César for the 1994 film "Queen Margot", an ensemble epic directed by Patrice Chéreau.
Isabelle Adjani : She is the only actress or actor in history to win five César Awards; she won Best Actress for "Possession" (1981), "One Deadly Summer" (1983), "Camille Claudel" (1988), "La Reine Margot" (1994), and "Skirt Day" (2009).
Isabelle Adjani : She was made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 2010, and a Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters in 2014.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : In addition, he stated that Método 3 would take over the price of the meal.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : ", " I have very good contacts inside the police [...] and I knew who they were going to arrest " and, especially, "I have a public prosecutor of my trust".
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : The recording took place on July 7, 2010, and its duration was 2 hours and 22 minutes.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Denying his relationship with the case implied that he loaned false testimony before a judicial declaration and the commission of investigation of the Parlament de Catalunya.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : She has served as the President of the People's Party in Catalonia since 6 July 2008.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : On that same visit, Sánchez-Camacho asked the government for more border control and defended a "legal and orderly" immigration.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : First, the employee of Método 3 Alejandro Borreguero came to the restaurant with a vase of flowers that had a built-in microphone inside, and that would serve as a centerpiece.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : During the recording of the meal, which began after the technician left the restaurant, Sánchez-Camacho declared "Vicky, in the event that we could now do something with all of this, this meal has never happened.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Alicia Sánchez-Camacho Pérez (born 22 April 1967) is a Spanish lawyer and politician.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : The recordings, which had already begun when the employee entered the restaurant shortly before 2:00 p.m., confirmed a conversation between the agent and a manager in which the assignment of Sánchez-Camacho was alluded to.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Subsequently, he visited the municipality accompanied by the French MEP Marie Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid to check on the ground the situation of the Romanian Gypsy community in the neighborhoods of Salud and San Roque and hear the testimonies of the neighbors about the alleged bad coexistence with the Romanian community.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Sánchez-Camacho was Rajoy's chosen candidate for the regional chairmanship.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : The objective of the recording, whose participation Sánchez-Camacho strongly denied at the time, was to launch the so-called "Operation Catalonia", a political plot led by the PP against Catalan sovereignist parties and politicians.
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Later, Sánchez-Camacho delivered a report with the results of the recording to the Ministry of the Interior, whose president Jorge Fernández Díaz would later also be involved in the "Operation Catalonia ".
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : Declaring that the Pujol family had a fortune in Andorra would, according to Sanchez-Camacho, later "start Jordi Pujol Ferrusola's imputation".
Alicia Sánchez-Camacho : In April 2010, Alicia Sánchez-Camacho was forced to apologize publicly for a diptych with radical xenophobic content with allusions to the skinheads of the city of Badalona, edited by the PP of Badalona (Barcelona), which linked Romanian citizens settled in the municipality with crime and the need for radical population increase to eradicate this "plague".
Missy Franklin : In December 2018, she announced her retirement from the sport.
Missy Franklin : Both of Franklin's parents are Canadian and Franklin holds American and Canadian dual citizenship.
Missy Franklin : Her best result was 37th place in the 100-meter freestyle.
Missy Franklin : While working for 7-Up in Ontario, Dick was transferred to the United States.
Missy Franklin : Franklin, however, chose to represent the United States, citing her patriotism for her homeland.
Missy Franklin : She attended Regis Jesuit High School in Aurora, Colorado and graduated in 2013.
Missy Franklin : Her father, Dick, was born in St. Catharines, Ontario.
Missy Franklin : Franklin also earned a silver medal in the 4×100-meter medley relay for her contribution in the heats.
Missy Franklin : For her performance in 2010, Franklin won the Breakout Performer of the Year Award at the seventh annual Golden Goggle Awards.
Missy Franklin : Ultimately the family settled in Denver, Colorado, where Dick had a senior position with Coors Brewing Company.
Missy Franklin : After an injury ended his football career, he returned to Halifax to pursue an MBA degree at Dalhousie University, where he met his future wife, a medical student.
Missy Franklin : She swept the women's backstroke events, winning gold in both the 100-meter and 200-meter backstroke.
Missy Franklin : As a member of the U.S. national swim team, she also held the world records in the 4×100-meter medley relay (short course and long course).
Missy Franklin : Franklin's mother suggested that her daughter consider competing for Canada to ease the pressure of qualifying for the U.S. National Team due to the competitive depth of American swimmers.
Missy Franklin : In the 200-meter backstroke, Franklin finished in second place, behind French swimmer Alexianne Castel.
Missy Franklin : A former All-Canadian football player for Saint Mary's University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, he played briefly for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League as an offensive lineman.
Missy Franklin : Franklin's successes have earned her "Swimming World"'s World Swimmer of the Year and the American Swimmer of the Year award in 2012 as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2011 and 2012.
Missy Franklin : At the age of 13, Franklin competed at the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, but did not qualify to swim in any events at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Missy Franklin : In her Olympic debut at the 2012 Summer Olympics at age 17, Franklin won a total of five medals, four of which were gold.
Missy Franklin : Franklin earned the first international medals of her career at the 2010 FINA Short Course World Championships in Dubai.
Missy Franklin : In total, she has won twenty-seven medals in international competition: sixteen gold, six silver, and five bronze, spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, the short course World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships.
Missy Franklin : Melissa Jeanette Franklin (born May 10, 1995) is an American former competition swimmer and five-time Olympic gold medalist.
Missy Franklin : At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Franklin finished fourth in the 100-meter backstroke and did not make the A final for the 50- and 200-meter backstroke.
Emily Watson : Their daughter, Juliet, was born in 2005, and their son Dylan in 2009.
Emily Watson : Emily Margaret Watson (born 14 January 1967) is an English actress.
Emily Watson : In 2019 she appeared as a nuclear scientist — a composite of several real scientists — in the miniseries Chernobyl.
Emily Watson : She began her career on stage and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1992.
Emily Watson : In 2002, she starred in productions of "Twelfth Night" and "Uncle Vanya" at the Donmar Warehouse, and was nominated for the 2003 Olivier Award for Best Actress for the latter.
Emily Watson : Her other films include "The Boxer" (1997), "Angela's Ashes" (1999), "Gosford Park" (2001), "Punch-Drunk Love" (2002), "Red Dragon" (2002), "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers" (2004), "Corpse Bride" (2005), "Miss Potter" (2006), "Synecdoche, New York" (2008), "Oranges and Sunshine" (2010), "War Horse" (2011), "The Theory of Everything" (2014) and "" (2017).
Danielle de Niese : De Niese was born on April 11, 1979 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, after her parents, Chris and Beverly, had migrated from Sri Lanka to Australia as teenagers.
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1965 she got divorced.
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1983 she was awarded the Guggenheim Scholarship.
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1958, Luisa Valenzuela gave birth to her daughter Anna-Luisa.
Luisa Valenzuela : During 1967 and 1968 she traveled throughout Bolivia, Peru and Brazil working for "La Nación".
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1969 she obtained the Fulbright Scholarship to study at the University of Iowa where she wrote "The Efficient Cat" ("El gato eficaz").
Luisa Valenzuela : She was a member of the New York Institute for the Humanities, at the Fund for Free Expression and member of the Freedom to Write Committee of the PEN American Center.
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1961 she moved back to Argentina, where she worked as a journalist for "La Nación" and "Crisis" magazine.
Luisa Valenzuela : Though she felt an interest in natural sciences from an early age, at 17 she began publishing in several newspapers, such as "Atlántida", "El Hogar" and "Esto Es", and worked for Radio Belgrano, as well.
Luisa Valenzuela : As a consequence of the National Reorganization Process, that partially censored her novel "He Who Searches" ("Como en la guerra") by removing a torture scene, she moved to the United States where she lived for ten years.
Luisa Valenzuela : At her mother's house various writers gathered such as Adolfo Bioy Casares, Jorge Luis Borges and Ernesto Sabato.
Luisa Valenzuela : Between 1972 and 1974 she lived in Mexico City, Paris and Barcelona, with a brief stay in New York, where she researched the expression of the marginal United States literature as a recipient of the scholarship awarded by Argentina's National Fund for the Arts ("Fondo Nacional de las Artes").
Luisa Valenzuela : Luisa Valenzuela was a Resident Writer at the Center for Interamerican Relations at New York and Columbia University, where she taught writing workshops and seminars for ten years.
Luisa Valenzuela : There she published in 1982 her short fiction book "Change of Guard" ("Cambio de armas") and in 1983 "The Lizard's Tail" ("Cola de lagartija"), a novel about José López Rega, Minister of Social Welfare during María Estela Martínez's presidency that was supposed to be originally titled as "Red Ant Sorcerer, Lord of Tacurú and Her Sister Estrella" ("El Brujo Hormiga Roja, Señor del Tacurú y su Hermana Estrella").
Luisa Valenzuela : Luisa Valenzuela (born November 26, 1938) is a post-'Boom' novelist and short story writer.
Luisa Valenzuela : In 1989 she returned to Buenos Aires, where she finished her fiction works "National Reality from Bed" ("Realidad nacional desde la cama"), conceived initially as a play but finished as a novel and "Black novel with Argentines" ("Novela negra con argentinos") that originally was meant to bear the title of "The Motive" ("El motivo").
Luisa Valenzuela : At 20, just barely married to Theodore Marjak, a French merchant marine, she moved to Paris where she worked for Radio Télévision Française, and met members of both the "nouveau roman" literary movement and "Tel Quel".
Gemma Chan : She later went on to study jurisprudence and law at Worcester College, Oxford.
Gemma Chan : Her mother's parents emigrated from Mainland China to Scotland via Hong Kong.
Gemma Chan : Spotted at her showcase by British film producer Damian Jones, she signed to acting agent Nicki van Gelder.
Gemma Chan : Gemma Chan (born 29 November 1982) is an English actress.
Gemma Chan : Chan was born at Guy's Hospital in London, England.
Gemma Chan : Her father grew up in Hong Kong and was an engineer.
Gemma Chan : Following her graduation, Chan gained a training contract offer as a graduate at the law firm Slaughter and May, but instead she pursued an acting career and studied at the Drama Centre London.
Gemma Chan : In 2006, she was a competitor on the first series of the reality series "Project Catwalk".
Gemma Chan : Chan was raised near Sevenoaks, a town in western Kent, in South East England.
Tamala Jones : Tamala R. Jones (born November 12, 1974) is an American actress.
Tamala Jones : She has a small role in the film "Up in the Air".
Tamala Jones : Jones had co-starring roles on the 1998–2002 series "For Your Love" and the short-lived "The Tracy Morgan Show".
Tamala Jones : In 1993, Jones appeared in the music video for "Give It Up, Turn It Loose" by En Vogue.
Tamala Jones : Also that year, Jones was featured in the music video for "Gravel Pit" by Wu-Tang Clan.
Tamala Jones : Her first acting role was a guest appearance on the teen sitcom "California Dreams".
Tamala Jones : In 2001, she was in the music video for "Girls, Girls, Girls" by rapper Jay Z with fellow actresses Paula Jai Parker and Carmen Electra.
Tamala Jones : This led to a role as a student in the short-lived ABC drama "Dangerous Minds".
Tamala Jones : She guest-starred on other television series, including "The Parent 'Hood", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "Veronica's Closet", "My Name Is Earl", "Studio 60 On The Sunset Strip", and "Malcolm & Eddie".
Tamala Jones : She had a recurring role as Tonya, an old girlfriend of Flex's (seasons one and five) on "One on One".
Tamala Jones : She is known for her roles in movies such as "Booty Call", "The Wood", "Kingdom Come", "The Brothers, and What Men Want".
Tamala Jones : Her film credits include "Booty Call", "The Wood", "Kingdom Come" and "What Men Want."
Ottavia Piccolo : Ottavia Piccolo (born 9 October 1949) is an Italian actress.
Traci Lords : She signed to Sea To Sun records the following year, and released the chart-topping single "Last Drag".
Traci Lords : During late May 1986 (around three weeks after Lords' 18th birthday), authorities were informed that she had been underage when she appeared in the porn movies.
Traci Lords : "Traci, I Love You" was the last porn film that featured Traci Lords.
Traci Lords : Besides her work in porn, she also appeared in the music video for "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'" by the heavy metal band Helix.
Traci Lords : Traci Elizabeth Lords (born Nora Louise Kuzma; May 7, 1968) is an American actress, former pornographic actress, singer, model, writer, producer, and director.
Traci Lords : She was later featured on the songs "Little Baby Nothing" by Manic Street Preachers and "Somebody to Love" by Ramones.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In addition, Fernández de la Vega has written many papers, including "La reforma de la jurisdicción laboral" and "Derechos humanos y Consejo de Europa".
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : During this term she became general secretary of the Socialist parliamentary group.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In 1986 she became a member of the legal cooperation committee of the Council of Europe.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : Fernández de la Vega started her political career in the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia, remaining a member of it until 1979.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In the Spanish general election of 2004 she became a member of the parliament for Madrid, and on 18 April of that year she was appointed first vice president and minister of Presidency, remaining the incumbent of each.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In 1974 she entered Spain's "Cuerpo de Secretarios Jurídicos Laborales", a specialised body of the civil service.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : From 1982 until 1985, she was the director of the advisory cabinet of the minister of justice, and in 1985 she was appointed general director of services at the ministry of justice.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : On 13 May 1994, the then Justice Minister Juan Alberto Belloch appointed her as the 1st Secretary of State for Justice.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : Fernández de la Vega was the first woman to take on the functions of the prime minister in the history of Spanish democracy, when, on 24 April 2004, during the first official visit abroad of Spain's Prime Minister, Zapatero, she presided over the Council of Ministers.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : Fernández de la Vega was elected a member of the Spanish Congress for Jaén for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party candidacy for the 1996-2000 term, being re-elected in the elections of 2000 for Segovia.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : From 18 April 2004 to 20 October 2010, she was the first deputy prime minister, minister of the Presidency and cabinet spokesperson in the government of Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : She earned a degree in law from the Complutense University of Madrid in the early 1970s.
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In 1990, she was chosen as a spokesperson of the general council of judicial power by the Senate (1994–1996).
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : In March 2006, the first vice president went on an African tour with the state secretary for cooperation, Leire Pajín, visiting Kenya and Mozambique, in whose capital, Maputo, they celebrated International Women's Day and closed the forum "Spain-Africa: Women for a better world".
María Teresa Fernández de la Vega : María Teresa Fernández de la Vega Sanz (born 15 June 1949) is a Spanish Socialist politician.
Keri Hilson : Keri Lynn Hilson was born on December 5, 1982, in Decatur, Georgia.
Keri Hilson : Her breakthrough came in 2007 after appearing on Timbaland's single "The Way I Are", which topped charts around the world.
Keri Hilson : After graduating from Tucker High School in the DeKalb County School District, Hilson attended Oxford College of Emory University and Emory University in Atlanta for three years and studied a course in theater.
Keri Hilson : She also became a member of the songwriting and production team, The Clutch.
Keri Hilson : The re-released edition of "In a Perfect World...", in January 2010, included the single "I Like", which reached number one in Germany, Poland and Slovakia, and peaked within the top ten in Austria, Norway and Switzerland.
Keri Hilson : By the age of 14, Hilson had secured a record deal with the girl group D'Signe, who later disbanded.
Keri Hilson : Hilson spent most of her teenage years working with producer Anthony Dent as a songwriter and background vocalist for the likes of Usher, Ludacris, Kelly Rowland, Toni Braxton, Ciara and Polow da Don.
Sylvia Nasar : Nasar's second book, "Grand Pursuit", was published in 2011.
Sylvia Nasar : Nasar was born in Rosenheim, Germany, to a Bavarian mother and an Uzbek father, Rusi Nasar, who later joined the CIA as an intelligence officer.
Sylvia Nasar : In 1998, Nasar published "A Beautiful Mind", a biography of Nobel Prize-winning economist and mathematician John Forbes Nash Jr.
Sylvia Nasar : She has been the first John S. and James L. Knight Professor of Business Journalism at Columbia University since 2001.
Marsha Mason : Mason was married to actor Gary Campbell from 1965 until they divorced in 1970.
Marsha Mason : She teaches at HB Studio (Herbert Berghof Studio) in New York City.
Marsha Mason : Her film debut in "Blume in Love" early 1973 had Neil Simon smitten and he cast her in his Broadway play "The Good Doctor".
Marsha Mason : Mason's recent television work includes guest roles on "Seinfeld", "Lipstick Jungle", and "Army Wives".
Marsha Mason : That same year, Mason co-starred opposite James Caan in the 20th Century Fox film "Cinderella Liberty", which netted her an Oscar nomination for Best Actress.
Marsha Mason : In 1979, Simon successfully cast Mason as Jennie MacLaine in the screen adaptation of his hit play "Chapter Two", which was based on Mason's relationship with Simon up to their marriage.
Marsha Mason : In August 2005 Mason starred as Hecuba at the Chicago Shakespeare Theater and on Broadway in "Steel Magnolias", with Delta Burke, Frances Sternhagen, Rebecca Gayheart, Lily Rabe and Christine Ebersole.
Nora England : She led a workshop, and field visit to Iximche, attended by Linda Schele and Nicholai Grube.
Nora England : She is founding director of the Center for Indigenous Languages of Latin America (CILLA).
Marina Geli : She is considered as one of the most prominent members of the Catalanist wing of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia.
Marina Geli : Geli obtained her medical degree from the University of Barcelona.
Marina Geli : She became policy manager and First Secretary of the PSC for the region of Girona in 2000.
Marina Geli : Marina Geli i Fàbrega (born 12 September 1958, Sant Gregori) was the health minister of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 2003 to 2010.
Marina Geli : She was an intern at the Hospital Josep Trueta in Girona from 1981 to 1990.
Kathrine Switzer : During her run, race official Jock Semple attempted to stop Switzer and grab her official bib; however, he was shoved to the ground by Switzer's boyfriend, Thomas Miller, who was running with her, and she completed the race.
Kathrine Switzer : Kathrine Virginia "Kathy" Switzer (born January 5, 1947, in Amberg, Germany) is an American marathon runner, author, and television commentator.
Kathrine Switzer : Switzer was the women's winner of the 1974 New York City Marathon, with a time of 3:07:29 (59th overall).
Lisa Loeb : Lisa Loeb was born in Bethesda, Maryland, on March 11, 1968.
Lisa Loeb : Other collaborators on the score included Michelle Lewis and Dan Petty.
Lisa Loeb : After graduating from high school in 1986, she went to Brown University, where she graduated in 1990 with a degree in comparative literature.
Lisa Nicole Carson : Her parents separated when she was 14, and her mother moved back to New York alone.
Lisa Nicole Carson : Carson appeared in productions at the famed Negro Ensemble Company.
Lisa Nicole Carson : After graduating in 1987, Carson returned to New York and decided that she wanted to be an actor.
Lisa Nicole Carson : In 2000, she was arrested for 'interfering with a lawful business establishment' and 'not leaving the premises' after a disorderly conduct incident at a luxury hotel.
Lisa Nicole Carson : Lisa Nicole Carson (born July 12, 1969) is an American actress.
Lisa Nicole Carson : She began her career by appearing in a number of After School Specials and HBO short films.
Lisa Nicole Carson : Carson was born in Brooklyn, New York; her father is a journalism professor at the University of Florida, and her mother was a kindergarten teacher in New York.
Lisa Nicole Carson : In 1986, she entered the Regional competition sponsored by the "America's Junior Miss" talent show, taking second place for the region held in Gainesville.
Lisa Nicole Carson : Her first notable credit came in 1991, when she appeared in "Law & Order" and in 1992 she had a non-speaking, minor role in the comedy series, "The Cosby Show".
Lisa Nicole Carson : She spent her adolescence in Gainesville, Florida and attended F. W. Buchholz High School.
Lisa Nicole Carson : She was a regular on "The Apollo Comedy Hour" before appearing in film in "Let's Get Bizzee" (1993), "Jason's Lyric" (1994) and "Devil in a Blue Dress" (1995).
Lisa Nicole Carson : She also performed as an R&B singer in the 1995 television movie "Divas".
Lisa Nicole Carson : She is known for her work on U.S. television, including supporting roles in NBC's "ER" and Fox's "Ally McBeal".
Lisa Nicole Carson : Between 1997 and 2002 she played prosecutor Renee Raddick in Fox's "Ally McBeal", a role for which she received multiple award nominations.
Amelia Andersdotter : From June 2007 to March 2010 she was the international coordinator of Ung Pirat, the party's youth wing.
Amelia Andersdotter : After graduating at Rosendalsgymnasiet in Uppsala, she attended university in Lund, where she studied mathematics, physics, Spanish and business law.
Molly Quinn : She began taking weekly acting lessons from retired director and producer Martin Beck after performing in her community's performance of "The Nutcracker" at age six.
Molly Quinn : After six months of "intensive [acting] training", Quinn signed a contract with the Osbrink agency.
Molly Quinn : Quinn was born in Texarkana, Texas.
Molly Quinn : In the sixth grade, she auditioned at the Young Actors Studio where she performed for the program's director, Linda Seto, and representatives from the Osbrink Talent Agency.
Molly Quinn : Molly Caitlyn Quinn (born October 8, 1993) is an American actress whose work includes theatre, film, and television.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : Refusing to apologize for her behaviour, she was dismissed.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : She has been a member of the South African Communist Party since 1984.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : She was also an opponent of the use of alternative medicine treatments of HIV in place of scientifically tested methods.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : After a long interruption, in 2006 Madlala-Routledge took up her studies once more.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : She also obtained a diploma in medical technology, resulting in six years employment as a medical laboratory technologist.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : On 25 September 2008, she became Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly, serving in that capacity until resigning from Parliament in early May 2009.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : In 1991, she earned a diploma in adult education from the University of Natal.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : Madlala-Routledge had reported that conditions at the maternity ward were a 'national disaster'.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : In 2010, she graduated from the University of Cape Town in social science, with majors in philosophy and sociology.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : During her studies, she compiled a manual on Lay Care for the Elderly and wrote easy readers in the Zulu language for newly literate adults.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : She went on to study medicine at the University of Natal but was distracted by Steve Biko of the Black Consciousness Movement who involved her in student politics.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : Once again coming under Biko's influence, she ran into trouble in 1972 for participating in a student boycott.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : She was brought up by her single mother in what was formerly the Zulu Kingdom, now the southern region of the province of KwaZulu-Natal.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : After completing her first year, in 1971 she transferred to the University of Fort Hare to study for a B.Sc.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : President Thabo Mbeki dismissed her from the Cabinet on 8 August 2007, after which she maintained her role as a member of parliament representing the African National Congress.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : More recently, Madlala-Routledge served for a short period as the executive director of Inyathelo: The South African Institute for Advancement until March 2015 when she resigned following problems with the board.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : Madlala-Routledge has received the Tanenbaum Peacemakers Award for her work in South Africa and has an honorary doctorate from Haverford College, Pennsylvania.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : Nozizwe Charlotte Madlala-Routledge (born 29 June 1952) is a South African politician who was South Africa's Deputy Minister of Defence from 1999 to April 2004 and Deputy Minister of Health from April 2004 to August 2007.
Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge : After schooling at Magog Primary and Fairview Primary, she matriculated at the Inanda Seminary School in Durban.
Salima Ghezali : A founding member of Women in Europe and the Maghreb, president of the association for the advancement of women, editor of the women's magazine "NYSSA", which she founded, and editor of the French-language weekly "La Nation", Salima Ghezali is an activist of women's rights and human rights and democracy in Algeria.
Mala Rodríguez : Maria Rodríguez was born in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz on February 13, 1979.
Mala Rodríguez : The song gained notability when its controversial music video was banned from Spanish TV because of its depiction of a young female drug dealer.
Mala Rodríguez : María Rodríguez Garrido, also known as La Mala, La Mala María, or Mala Rodríguez ("Mala", Spanish for "bad"), is a Latin Grammy Award-winning Spanish hip hop rapper.
Amber Benson : The Bensons then relocated to Los Angeles, and Amber very quickly began to land roles in films and on television.
Amber Benson : Amber Nicole Benson (born January 8, 1977) is an American actress, writer, director, and producer.
Amber Benson : She has a younger sister, Danielle, who is an artist.
Amber Benson : As a child, Benson studied music and dance, and performed in the Birmingham Children's Ballet, as well as in local theater.
Amber Benson : In 2006, Benson released her second independent feature film "Lovers, Liars & Lunatics" through her own production company, Benson Entertainment.
Amber Benson : Benson sang in the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" musical episode "Once More, with Feeling".
Amber Benson : Benson and Christopher Golden produced began a series of animated fantasy films for the BBC with the animation studio Cosgrove Hall.
Yui Aragaki : She auditioned for a fashion model spot for Nikora Magazine and won the Grand Prix award at the audition.
Irene Papas : In 1947 she married the film director Alkis Papas; they divorced in 1951.
Irene Papas : Papas knew Mikis Theodorakis from working with him on "Zorba the Greek" as early as 1964.
Irene Papas : Irene Papas (or Pappas) ( ; born 3 September 1929) is a Greek actress and singer who starred in over 70 films in a career spanning more than 50 years.
Irene Papas : She was a leading figure in cinematic transcriptions of ancient tragedy, portraying Helen in "The Trojan Women" (1971) opposite Katharine Hepburn, Clytemnestra in "Iphigenia" (1977), and the title roles in "Antigone" (1961) and "Electra" (1962), where her portrayal of the "doomed heroine" is described as "outstanding".
Blair Evans : Blair Catherine Evans (born 3 April 1991) is an Australian middle distance freestyle swimmer.
Blair Evans : Although she did not swim in the final, her team came in second with a time of 7:44.41, giving Evans a silver medal.
Blair Evans : At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Evans competed in the 400-metre individual medley, but finished 13th overall in the heats (6th in her heat) with a time of 4:40:42, and did not advance to the finals as only the top 8 were selected.
Blair Evans : Evans made her international debut for Australia at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships where she competed in the 800-metre freestyle.
Blair Evans : She represented Australia at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, where she took bronze in the 200-metre and 400-metre freestyle, and silver in the 4×200-metre freestyle.
Katie Colclough : Katie Amanda Colclough (born 20 January 1990) is a retired English road and track cyclist from Frieston near Grantham, Lincolnshire, and a former member of British Cycling's Olympic Development Squad.
Rosa Mota : In 1980 she met José Pedrosa, the man who would eventually be her personal trainer for her entire career.
Rosa Mota : Later that year, Mota had to abandon the Tokyo World championships and she finally considered retirement after failing to finish the 1992 London marathon.
Rosa Mota : Considered an Ambassador of Sport, in 1998 she won the Abebe Bikila Award for contributions to the development of long-distance race training.
Rosa Mota : Rosa Maria Correia dos Santos Mota, (; born 29 June 1958) is a Portuguese former marathon runner, one of her country's foremost athletes, being the first sportswoman from Portugal to win Olympic gold.
Rosa Mota : Rosa Mota was one of the most popular personalities of Portuguese sport in the late 20th century, alongside Eusébio, Carlos Lopes and Luís Figo.
Rosa Mota : Mota ran 21 marathon races between 1982 and 1992.
Rosa Mota : They battled to the finish and Mota won by a slim margin of 5 seconds.
Rosa Mota : She ran from the front and had a lead of over 1.5 minutes at the half way mark, but she was caught at the 35 km mark by Valentina Yegorova.
Rosa Mota : Her personal best time was 2:23:29 in the 1985 Chicago Marathon.
Rosa Mota : European Champion in 1986, and World Champion in Rome 1987, she kept on winning with the Olympic gold medal in Seoul 1988, where with 2 km left in the race, she attacked, winning by 13 seconds from silver medalist Lisa Martin.
Barbara Morgan : in Human Biology.
Barbara Morgan : Morgan is married to writer Clay Morgan of McCall, Idaho; they have two sons.
Barbara Morgan : In the fall of 1986, Morgan returned to Idaho to resume her teaching career.
Barbara Morgan : Morgan was born to Dr. and Mrs. Jerry Radding in 1951 and raised in Fresno, California, where she attended Herbert Hoover High School.
Barbara Morgan : From March 1986 to July 1986, she worked with NASA, speaking to educational organizations throughout the country.
Barbara Morgan : She is a classical flautist who also enjoys jazz, literature, hiking, swimming, and cross-country skiing.
Barbara Morgan : She served in the Astronaut Office CAPCOM Branch, working in Mission Control as prime communicator with on-orbit crews.
Barbara Morgan : Her duties as Teacher in Space Designee included public speaking, educational consulting, curriculum design, and serving on the National Science Foundation's Federal Task Force for Women and Minorities in Science and Engineering.
Barbara Morgan : She obtained her teaching credential from Notre Dame de Namur University in nearby Belmont in 1974.
Barbara Morgan : STS-118, an assembly mission to the International Space Station, successfully launched from Florida's Kennedy Space Center at 6:36:42 p.m. EDT, 8 August 2007.
Barbara Morgan : Following McAuliffe's death in the "Challenger" disaster, Morgan assumed the duties of Teacher in Space Designee.
Barbara Morgan : She taught second and third grades at McCall-Donnelly Elementary and continued to work with NASA's Education Division, Office of Human Resources and Education.
Barbara Morgan : Morgan began her teaching career in 1974 on the Flathead Indian Reservation at Arlee Elementary School in Arlee, Montana, where she taught remedial reading and math.
Barbara Morgan : In January 1998, 12 years after McAuliffe's death, Morgan was selected by NASA as an astronaut candidate (Mission Specialist) and reported to the Johnson Space Center in August 1998 to begin training to become a full-time astronaut.
Barbara Morgan : From 1978 to 1979, Morgan taught English and science to third graders at Colegio Americano de Quito in Quito, Ecuador, for a year.
Barbara Morgan : From September 1985 to January 1986, Morgan trained with Christa McAuliffe and the Space Shuttle "Challenger" crew at NASA's Johnson Space Center, Houston, Texas.
Barbara Morgan : Morgan was selected as the backup candidate for the NASA Teacher in Space Project on July 19, 1985.
Barbara Morgan : Barbara Radding Morgan (born November 28, 1951) is an American teacher and a former NASA astronaut.
Barbara Morgan : From 1979 to 1998, Morgan taught second, third, and fourth grades at McCall-Donnelly Elementary School.
Tila Tequila : A few more pictorials for the magazine followed.
Tila Tequila : She also shot a music video for the song.
Tila Tequila : The ten-episode series was produced by SallyAnn Salsano and MTV.
Tila Tequila : She also appeared as a Hooters Girl in the 2007 film "I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry".
Tila Tequila : At age 20, Nguyen acted on her interest in rock music and started looking for bands willing to let her join.
Tila Tequila : She eventually assembled a band called Beyond Betty Jean, for which she was singer and songwriter.
Tila Tequila : She did a test shoot, then eventually moved to Southern California and was featured as "Playboy"s Cybergirl of the Week on April 22, 2002, and soon thereafter she became the first Asian Cyber Girl of the Month.
Tila Tequila : On March 4, 2007, she made a cameo appearance on the show "The War At Home".
Tila Tequila : Her first single released under the new moniker was "I Fucked the DJ", along with an edited version entitled "I Love My DJ".
Tila Tequila : She has been featured on the cover of "Import Tuner" magazine, at car shows such as Hot Import Nights, and in the video game "Street Racing Syndicate".
Tila Tequila : Later, she became the lead singer of a band called Jealousy, which released a few songs online before breaking up.
Tila Tequila : Nguyễn Thị Thiên Thanh (born October 24, 1981), better known by her stage names Tila Tequila, Tila Nguyen, Miss Tila and Tornado Thien, is an American television and social media personality.
Tila Tequila : During 2005, Nguyen launched TilaFashion.com, a site featuring her custom line of clothing for men and women.
Tila Tequila : Beyond Betty Jean eventually broke up and Nguyen started working in recording studios to sharpen her vocal skills and wrote music.
Tila Tequila : Nguyen made an appearance as one of the 12 strangers in the first game on April 6, 2007 episode of NBC's game show "Identity".
Tila Tequila : The show led to a heated online debate between Nguyen and conservative Christians after an article appeared on "The Christian Post" on September 13, 2007.
Tila Tequila : Originally the site featured information, quotes, blog, and pictorials requiring adult verification and a monthly fee.
Tila Tequila : The program was a bisexual-themed dating show where 16 straight men and 16 lesbian women competed for Nguyen's affections, the twist being that the contestants were not aware of her bisexuality until the end of the first episode.
Tila Tequila : In 2003, Nguyen was a contestant on VH1's "Surviving Nugent", a reality TV show where participants performed compromising tasks and stunts for rock star Ted Nugent.
Tila Tequila : She appeared on the August 2006 "Maxim" UK cover, was named #88 in their Hot 100 List, and also appeared in the December 2007 issue.
Tila Tequila : In April 2006, during the taping of an interview with MTV's "Total Request Live" VJs, will.i.am announced that Nguyen had been signed to the Will.I.Am music group, a record label under A&M Records.
Tila Tequila : During the first season of Fuse TV's dance show, "Pants-Off Dance-Off", on which a group of contestants strip to music videos, Nguyen was the most frequent host.
Tila Tequila : Despite this major-label signing, Nguyen independently released her first single "I Love U" through iTunes on February 27, 2007, justifying the independent release through her desire to become famous by herself.
Tila Tequila : After seeing the article, Nguyen wrote an impassioned response in her blog on September 28, 2007, criticizing churches for "bashing" the gay community while thanking God for saving her life.
Tila Tequila : Nguyen's career began at the age of 19 when she was discovered at the Sharpstown Mall by a "Playboy" scout and was offered a chance to model nude for the magazine.
Tila Tequila : In 2006, Nguyen created another website, TilaZone.com which features content to use on Myspace and other social networking websites including layouts, widgets, and clipart.
Tila Tequila : Nguyen was featured on the cover of the April 2006 issue of "Stuff" magazine; in the interview, she claimed that her nickname "Tila Tequila" came about when she experimented with alcohol at the age of thirteen.
Tila Tequila : On July 27, 2007, Italian website MusicBlob reported that The Saturday Team and distributor Icon Music Entertainment Services sued Nguyen over breaching her contract related to the album.
Tila Tequila : Later, the site was revamped to feature all-ages content and information to promote her career, business ventures, personal information, and a premium membership section including videos, non-nude picture galleries, blogs, and chat sessions.
Tila Tequila : In March 2007, Washington-based record label The Saturday Team released an EP called "Sex", by Tila Tequila.
Kirsten van de Ven : In the end of 2007, she returned to the Netherlands and begun her professional career in January 2008, playing the second half of the 2007–08 Eredivisie season for Willem II Tilburg, helping the team finish as runners-up.
Kirsten van de Ven : Kirsten Johanna Maria van de Ven (; born 11 May 1985) is a former Dutch professional footballer.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : For more than 10 years, she was one of the world's best sprinters in speed skating.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : In 1980, she was convinced by her coach, Ernst Luding (whom she would marry after the 1988 Winter Olympics), to take up cycling during the off-season.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : In 1988, she earned the distinction of being the only athlete to win Summer and Winter Olympic medals in the same year.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : Christa Luding-Rothenburger (née Rothenburger, born 4 December 1959) is a former speed skater and track cyclist.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : This made her the second woman (after Sheila Young) to become world champion in both speed skating and cycling.
Christa Luding-Rothenburger : She has also won the 500 m World Cup 3 times (in 1986, 1988 and 1989) and the 1000 m World Cup once (in 1988).
Sara Simeoni : Sara Simeoni is widely considered one of the best Italian female athletes ever.
Sara Simeoni : Simeoni struggled to regain her form in the following years, with a series of tendon injuries.
Sara Simeoni : Her first international result was at the 1971 European Championships in Helsinki, where she ended 9th with a 178 cm jump.
Sara Simeoni : In 1980, Simeoni set a new Olympic record of 1.97 m, when winning gold in Moscow.
Sara Simeoni : Simeoni managed to reach the 2 meters measure for the first time since 1978.
Sara Simeoni : The ageing Meyfarth, however, replied with a notable 2.02 m jump, and Simeoni won a silver medal.
Sara Simeoni : Sara Simeoni (born 19 April 1953) is an Italian former high jumper, who won a gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics and twice set a world record in the women's high jump.
Jhumpa Lahiri : in Comparative Literature, and a Ph.D. in Renaissance Studies.
Jhumpa Lahiri : Her debut collection of short-stories "Interpreter of Maladies" (1999) won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the PEN/Hemingway Award, and her first novel, "The Namesake" (2003), was adapted into the popular film of the same name.
Jhumpa Lahiri : In 2003, Lahiri published her first novel, "The Namesake".
Jhumpa Lahiri : Nilanjana Sudeshna "Jhumpa" Lahiri (born July 11, 1967) is an American author known for her short stories, novels and essays in English, and, more recently, in Italian.
Glynis Nunn : She quit sports in 1990.
Glynis Nunn : Because of the 1984 Summer Olympics boycott, Nunn was one of the medal candidates for the Olympic title, too.
Glynis Nunn : At the inaugural World Championships a year later, she was placed 7th.
Glynis Nunn : The competition was incredibly close, with five athletes fighting for the medals.
Glynis Nunn : Glynis Leanne Nunn-Cearns (née Saunders, formerly Nunn), OAM (born 4 December 1960) is a former Australian heptathlete, the first Olympic champion in the event.
Glynis Nunn : Born in Toowoomba, Queensland, she began competing in athletics at age 9, when she was a student at Toowoomba South State School.
Glynis Nunn : She starred in several events, and was thus a natural competitor in the pentathlon (which was replaced by the heptathlon in 1981).
Glynis Nunn : In addition to her gold medal, Nunn was also placed fifth in the 100 m hurdles event, and seventh in the long jump.
Glynis Nunn : After the Olympics, Nunn abandoned the heptathlon, and switched to hurdling.
Glynis Nunn : After the competition, there was confusion about who had won, but when the smoke cleared, Nunn had scored 6390 points, five more than runner-up Jackie Joyner-Kersee.
Glynis Nunn : In 1978, she qualified for the Commonwealth Games, but could not compete because of an injury.
Glynis Nunn : She was hampered by many injuries, but managed to win a bronze medal in the high hurdles event at the 1986 Commonwealth Games.
Cecilia Roth : Some of the best-known works in which Roth has acted include:
Cecilia Roth : She is the winner of two Goya Awards and a European Film Award.
Cecilia Roth : She began as an actress in Argentina, until 1976 when she fled the military dictatorship and moved to Spain.
Cecilia Roth : In addition to her career in film and television, Roth has also worked in theater in Argentina, as well as in Spain.
Cecilia Roth : Her father, Abrasha Rotenberg, is a Ukrainian of Jewish origin who moved in the 1930s to Buenos Aires, where he worked as a writer, editor, and journalist.
Cecilia Roth : She is currently working, together with Darío Grandinetti, on the Philippe Blasband play, "Una relación pornográfica".
Cecilia Roth : Cecilia Edith Rotenberg Gutkin better known as Cecilia Roth (; born August 8, 1956) is an Argentine actress.
Cecilia Roth : Roth was first married to Gonzalo Gil, then later married to Argentine singer-songwriter Fito Páez for some years, with whom she adopted a child, Martín.
Cecilia Roth : Cecilia's mother, Dina Gutkin, known as Dina Rot, a singer, was born in Mendoza and spent her childhood in Santiago de Chile.
Cecilia Roth : Her most prominent movies include "Un lugar en el mundo (A place in the world)" and "Martín (Hache)", both by Adolfo Aristarain.
Cecilia Roth : Roth has had great success in Spanish film since her first appearances in "Las verdes praderas (The Green Meadows)", by José Luis Garci; "Arrebato (Rage)", by Iván Zulueta; and "Laberinto de pasiones (Labyrinth of Passion)" by Pedro Almodóvar.
Kourtney Kardashian : ", so he did not propose.
Kourtney Kardashian : However, when Disick asked Kourtney's opinion on marriage, she responded with, "If things are so good now...why would we want to change that?
Kourtney Kardashian : She attended Marymount High School, a Roman Catholic all-girls school in Los Angeles.
Kourtney Kardashian : In March 2012 the three sisters were named in a $5 million class-action lawsuit against QuickTrim.
Kourtney Kardashian : Her classmates included Nicole Richie and Luke Walton.
Kourtney Kardashian : Following graduation, she moved to Dallas, Texas, to attend Southern Methodist University for two years.
Kourtney Kardashian : During the ceremony, she was christened with the Armenian name Gayane.
Kourtney Kardashian : On March 5, 2019, Kardashian released her new lifestyle website named Poosh.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney first became known to reality-television audiences on the 2005 series, "", on which she earned money for charity.
Kourtney Kardashian : The two met at mutual friend Joe Francis's house party in Mexico.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney Mary Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California on April 18, 1979 to Robert and Kris.
Kourtney Kardashian : In 1994, her father garnered public attention as an additional defense lawyer for football player O.J.
Kourtney Kardashian : During this time, Kourtney believed Disick had an alcohol problem.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney then lived in Tucson, Arizona, where she graduated from the University of Arizona with a bachelor's degree in Theatre Arts and a minor in Spanish.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kardashian and her sisters created a sunless tanner called "Kardashian Glamour Tan" in 2010.
Kourtney Kardashian : In February 2007, a sex tape made by her sister Kim and former boyfriend Ray J in 2003, "Kim Kardashian, Superstar", was leaked, which largely contributed to her rise to prominence.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney, Khloé, and Kim were spokeswomen for the diet supplement Quick Trim, for weight loss.
Kourtney Kardashian : In early 2010, the couple temporarily moved to Miami with their son and Kourtney's sister Kim.
Kourtney Kardashian : After regularly attending therapy and temporarily giving up alcohol, Disick and Kourtney reconciled and they continued their relationship in mid-2010.
Kourtney Kardashian : In the spring of 2010, Kourtney and her sisters released a clothing line for Bebe.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney Mary Kardashian (born April 18, 1979) is an American media personality, socialite, and model.
Kourtney Kardashian : In October 2019 Kardashian and her children were baptized in an Armenian Apostolic ceremony at the Etchmiadzin Cathedral in Vagharshapat, Armenia.
Kourtney Kardashian : In 2011, during the final episode in the first season of "Kourtney and Kim Take New York", Disick purchased an engagement ring and planned to propose to Kourtney during an evening meal in New York City.
Kourtney Kardashian : In August 2010, Kourtney announced that she and her sisters were working on another clothing line called "K-Dash", sold on QVC.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney and her mother opened children's clothing boutiques called Smooch in the Los Angeles area and New York City; the boutiques carry the brand Crib Rock Couture.
Kourtney Kardashian : Kourtney and her siblings are popular on social media and endorse products such as waist slimming pants, beauty products, Coca-Cola and prescription drugs, for which they are paid (as of 2016) between $75,000 and $300,000 per post on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter, as per CBC Marketplace.
Kourtney Kardashian : Its success led to the creation of spin-offs including "Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami" and "Kourtney and Kim Take New York".
Kourtney Kardashian : With sisters Kim and Khloe, Kardashian co-owns and operates D-A-S-H, a clothing boutique in Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, and a pop-up store in the Hamptons.
Erin Cafaro : of Neurobiology.
Erin Cafaro : Erin Jane Cafaro (born June 9, 1983, in Modesto, California) is an American rower.
Ciara Bravo : Bravo is also a voice actress; she has provided the voice of Giselita in the "Open Season" franchise.
Ciara Bravo : Bravo was born in Alexandria, Kentucky, south of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Ciara Bravo : She has also done voice work in "Happiness Is a Warm Blanket, Charlie Brown", "Special Agent Oso", and "The Penguins of Madagascar".
Ciara Bravo : This led to several voice overs for "Playhouse Disney" and "Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?
Ciara Bravo : ", an appearance in the Willow Smith music video "Knees and Elbows" and several commercials.
Ciara Bravo : During 2008, she continued pursuing auditions and acted in several local commercials for Newport Aquarium and made a short appearance as an Italian girl in the hit film "Angels & Demons".
Ciara Bravo : Her career began at the age of 9, after attending the Mike Beaty Model and the Talent Expo in Dallas, Texas.
Ciara Bravo : Ciara Quinn Bravo (pronounced ; born March 18, 1997) is an American actress.
Mary T. Meagher : She was a competitive athlete from an early age.
Mary T. Meagher : These times would stand as the respective world records for 18 and 19 years, and are considered to be among the greatest sports performances ever.
Mary T. Meagher : Mary Terstegge Meagher Plant (born October 27, 1964) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and world record-holder.
Kikki Danielsson : She willingly sings country and has contributed in radio and TV shows in the US in the 1980s.
Kikki Danielsson : Ann-Kristin "Kikki" Danielsson (born 10 May 1952) is a Swedish country, dansband and pop singer.
Kikki Danielsson : She left Wizex in 1982, but as a member of the pop and country group Chips, she participated at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1980, 1981 and 1982.
Kikki Danielsson : Kikki Danielsson performed again at Melodifestivalen on 3 February 2018. with the song "Osby Tennessee", which ended up seventh and last in the semi-final following votings.
Kikki Danielsson : As a 17-year-old girl, Kikki Danielsson begun as a singer in dansband Nickies and in 1973 she switched to another dansband, Wizex, with which she participated at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 1978.
Kris Jenner : Jenner has been in a relationship with Corey Gamble since around 2014.
Kris Jenner : She rose to fame starring in the reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" (2007–present).
Kris Jenner : By marriage to Bruce, Kris also had four stepchildren: Burt, Cassandra "Casey", Brandon and Brody.
Kris Jenner : She is the first child of Mary Jo Shannon ("née" Campbell; born 1934) and Robert True Houghton, an engineer.
Kris Jenner : Jenner's first marriage was to lawyer Robert Kardashian (who later became widely known for his early legal representation of O. J. Simpson) on July 8, 1978.
Kris Jenner : Kristen Mary Jenner ("née" Houghton , formerly Kardashian; born November 5, 1955) is an American television personality, entertainment manager, producer, businesswoman, and author.
Fleur Jaeggy : Her first masterpiece was the novel "I beati anni del castigo" (1989).
Fleur Jaeggy : The "Times Literary Supplement" designated her novel "Proleterka" the best book of 2003.
Fleur Jaeggy : She is also a translator into Italian of Marcel Schwob and Thomas de Quincey.
Fleur Jaeggy : Fleur Jaeggy (born 31 July 1940) is a Swiss author, who writes in Italian.
Fleur Jaeggy : In 1968 she went to Milan to work for the publisher "Adelphi Edizioni" and married Roberto Calasso.
Fleur Jaeggy : After completing her studies in Switzerland, Jaeggy went to live in Rome, where she met Ingeborg Bachmann and Thomas Bernhard.
Melody Gardot : At the age of 19, Gardot was involved in a bicycle accident and sustained a head injury.
Melody Gardot : She released her first album, "Worrisome Heart" (Verve, 2006), then "My One and Only Thrill" (Verve 2009), produced by Larry Klein.
Donna Leon : Each case is an opportunity for the author to reveal another aspect of the seamy underside of society and another facet of Venetian life.
Donna Leon : Donna Leon (; born September 28, 1942, in Montclair, New Jersey) is the American author of a series of crime novels set in Venice, Italy, featuring the fictional hero Commissario Guido Brunetti.
Donna Leon : She was a lecturer in English literature for the University of Maryland University College – Europe (UMUC-Europe) in Italy and then worked as a professor from 1981 to 1999 at the American military base of Vicenza, Italy.
Donna Leon : Her Commissario Brunetti novels all take place in or around Venice.
Donna Leon : The police commissioner Guido Brunetti confronts crime in and around his home town of Venice.
Donna Leon : Brunetti reports to the vain and self-serving buffoon, Vice-Questore Patta, while Sergente (later Ispettore and with the inspector per "tu") Vianello and the all-knowing and well-connected Signorina Elettra, Patta's secretary, assist Brunetti on the ground and through research.
Victoria Silvstedt : They were married in June 2000, and divorced in 2009.
Victoria Silvstedt : She was keen on horseback riding and wanted to become a veterinarian.
Victoria Silvstedt : The light-hearted programme introduced different winter sports, and it was done both in English and French.
Victoria Silvstedt : As of 2012, Silvsted is no longer part of the French version either.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt debuted with her own reality television series "Victoria Silvstedt: My Perfect Life" on E!
Victoria Silvstedt : The show has since been aired all around the world, including Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Americas.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt released her dance music album "Girl on the Run" through the EMI label in 1999.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt has said she loves singing, but it is just a hobby, and that she cannot see herself making a full-time career out of it.
Victoria Silvstedt : Three singles, "Hello Hey", "Rocksteady Love", and "Party Line", were also released to support the album sales, and the album went gold in Sweden.
Victoria Silvstedt : She became the December 1996 Playmate of the Month, and was then chosen as the 1997 Playmate of the Year.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt speaks English, French, and Italian, in addition to her native language Swedish.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt published her autobiography "Les Secrets de Victoria.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt's father was the captain of a local ski team, and she started alpine skiing at the age of five.
Victoria Silvstedt : In 2006, Silvstedt started working as a hostess of "La Roue de la Fortune" in France and "La Ruota Della Fortuna" in Italy.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt was soon noticed by Hugh Hefner, who invited her to do a photo shoot for "Playboy" magazine in Los Angeles.
Victoria Silvstedt : In 2010, Silvstedt released her fourth single called "Saturday Night", a Whigfield cover.
Victoria Silvstedt : on E!, and appeared as a presenter in various awards shows, including NRJ and World Music Awards.
Victoria Silvstedt : In 2010, Silvstedt hosted her own television show "Sport by Victoria" on Eurosport during the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Victoria Silvstedt : She also had a small role in the French film "Heartbreaker", starring Romain Duris and Vanessa Paradis.
Victoria Silvstedt : As a leading actress, she has appeared in Italian films such as "La mia vita a stelle e strisce" and "Un maresciallo in gondola", in which she played Kim Novak.
Victoria Silvstedt : According to the Finnish broadsheet newspaper "Keskisuomalainen", Silvstedt earns millions of dollars every year for her work in modeling, television presenting, and promoting various brands and products.
Victoria Silvstedt : Born in Skelleftehamn, Sweden, Silvstedt was raised in a family of five in Bollnäs, having one older sister and one younger brother.
Victoria Silvstedt : Both of the shows are based on the popular American game show "Wheel of Fortune", and Silvstedt divided her time between Paris and Rome, filming one of the shows for one month at a time, until 2009, when the Italian version was cancelled.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt has been presenting numerous television shows and television specials all around the world since the 1990s.
Victoria Silvstedt : Since 2011, Silvstedt has also hosted numerous "Le grand bêtisier" television specials on TF1 in France, including the Christmas special "Le grand bêtisier de Noël", which attracted over three million viewers and an audience share of 32.7 percent on Christmas Eve 2011.
Victoria Silvstedt : Karin Victoria Silvstedt (born 19 September 1974) is a Swedish model, actress, singer, and television personality.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt also visits her family in Northern Sweden, where she grew up, spending time with her childhood friends, horseback riding et cetera.
Victoria Silvstedt : Since then, Silvstedt has also appeared in a number of Hollywood comedy films, including "BASEketball", "The Independent", "Out Cold", and "Boat Trip".
Victoria Silvstedt : In the late 1990s, Silvstedt landed one of the most sought-after modeling contracts in the world, becoming the Guess?
Victoria Silvstedt : In the 2000s and 2010s, Silvstedt has continued modeling internationally, appearing in numerous magazines, including "FHM", "Glamour", "GQ", "Hello!
Victoria Silvstedt : The first season covers Silvstedt's personal and work life, following her to St. Tropez, Monaco, Cannes, Paris, Rome, London, Helsinki, Stockholm, Los Angeles, and New York City.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt was signed up by a modeling agency in Paris, and she started working for various prestigious fashion houses, including Chanel, Christian Dior, Giorgio Armani, Givenchy, Loris Azzaro, and Valentino, appearing in advertisements and fashion shows.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt has also appeared as a guest actress on "Ocean Ave.", a Miami-based soap opera, broadcast in Sweden and Florida.
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt has worked as an actress since the late 1990s, when she appeared in Hollywood television series such as "Malibu, CA" and "Melrose Place".
Victoria Silvstedt : Silvstedt has also starred in films and television series in various European countries, especially in Italy.
Teresa Stratas : At age 13, she performed Greek pop songs on the radio.
Teresa Stratas : Teresa Stratas, OC (born May 26, 1938 in Toronto, Ontario), is a retired operatic soprano from Canada of Greek descent.
Teresa Stratas : One year later in 1959, she co-won the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions, appearing later that year with the Metropolitan Opera as Poussette in "Manon".
Teresa Stratas : In the 1980s Stratas travelled to Calcutta and worked with Mother Teresa in an orphanage and at the Kalighat Home for the Dying.
Teresa Stratas : While rehearsing for "Mahagonny" in 1979, Stratas met the originator of her role, Lotte Lenya, who was also Kurt Weill's widow.
Massimo Podenzana : Massimo Podenzana (born 29 July 1961 in La Spezia) is an Italian former road racing cyclist.
Melanie Lynskey : She is the oldest of five children, and has three brothers and one sister.
Melanie Lynskey : After high school, Lynskey studied at Victoria University of Wellington.
Melanie Lynskey : Melanie Jayne Lynskey (born 16 May 1977) is a New Zealand actress and voice actress.
Chris Evert : Their divorce became final on December 8, 2009.
Chris Evert : Jimmy was a professional tennis coach, and tennis was a way of life in his family.
Chris Evert : In June 2013 Evert was awarded a special merit from the International Tennis Hall of Fame.
Chris Evert : In 1979 Evert married the British tennis player John Lloyd and changed her name to Chris Evert Lloyd.
Chris Evert : In 1988 Evert married two-time Olympic downhill skier Andy Mill.
Chris Evert : Evert left Mill to marry her third husband, Australian golfer Greg Norman, on June 28, 2008, in the Bahamas.
Chris Evert : 1 ranked under-14 girl in the United States.
Chris Evert : During this period Evert did not participate in the Australian Opens held from 1975 to 1980 and in 1983, or the French Opens from 1976 to 1978.
Chris Evert : Christine Marie Evert (born December 21, 1954), known as Chris Evert Lloyd from 1979 to 1987, is a retired American World No.
Chris Evert : Evert was voted the Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year on four occasions and was the first female athlete to be "Sports Illustrated" magazine's sole recipient of "Sportswoman of the Year" award in 1976.
Ana Ibáñez Llorente : Ana Ibáñez Llorente (born Haro, La Rioja, Spain 1981) is a Spanish television news anchor based in Madrid, Spain.
Jodie Henry : She began swimming competitively at the relatively late age of 14.
Jodie Henry : She was also named the Speedo female sprinter of the year for 2003.
Jodie Henry : Jodie Clare Henry, OAM (born 17 November 1983) is an Australian competitive swimmer, Olympic gold medallist and former world-record holder.
Anja Silja : She made her debut in 1960 at the Bayreuth Festival, as Senta in "Der fliegende Holländer".
Anja Silja : That first Lady Macbeth, in 1967, was conducted by Christoph von Dohnányi, with whom she had a long relationship, including a marriage that produced three children.
Anja Silja : The important part of her career began in 1959, when she sang the Queen of Night in Mozart's "Die Zauberflöte" at the Vienna State Opera (under Karl Böhm) and at the Aix-en-Provence Festival.
Anja Silja : Anja Silja Regina Langwagen (, born April 17, 1940 in Berlin) is a German soprano who is known for her great abilities as a singing-actress and for the vastness of her repertoire.
Janet Napolitano : Absolutely we have."
Janet Napolitano : ICE will take immigration action appropriately."
Janet Napolitano : She is the oldest of three children, with a younger brother and sister.
Janet Napolitano : She then earned her Juris Doctor (J.D.)
Janet Napolitano : degree from the University of Virginia School of Law.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano recalled that the pain was so unbearable that she could not stand up.
Janet Napolitano : "I am very grateful for all the support I had from family, friends and Arizonans."
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano is a Methodist.
Janet Napolitano : Whitewater rafting and hiking are among her hobbies.
Janet Napolitano : During her tenure as attorney general, she focused on consumer protection issues and improving general law enforcement.
Janet Napolitano : Secure Communities, or SComm, is a deportation program managed by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a subdivision of Homeland Security.
Janet Napolitano : By the time she left office, Napolitano had issued 180 vetoes.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano began undergoing cancer-related treatment in August 2016.
Janet Napolitano : At the same time Arlington, Virginia passed a resolution to opt out of SComm.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano is an avid basketball fan and regularly plays tennis and softball.
Janet Napolitano : "Work and family helped me focus on other things while I battled the cancer," says Napolitano.
Janet Napolitano : As Governor, Napolitano set records for total number of vetoes issued.
Janet Napolitano : There has only been one publicly reported case of terrorists coming to the United States through Canada, that of Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian citizen who was in Canada illegally.
Janet Napolitano : She later went on NBC's Today Show with host Matt Lauer and admitted that the security system had indeed failed.
Janet Napolitano : A DHS employee commented at a policy conference: "Have we created some of the confusion out there?
Janet Napolitano : In November 2005, "Time" magazine named her one of the five best governors in the U.S.
Janet Napolitano : While serving as attorney general, she spoke at the 2000 Democratic National Convention just three weeks after having a mastectomy.
Janet Napolitano : Arizona's constitution limits its governors to two consecutive terms, so Napolitano would not have been eligible to seek a third term in office in 2010.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano came under scrutiny for contradicting herself about whether the program is voluntary or mandatory for local jurisdictions.
Janet Napolitano : The previous record of 114 vetoes was set by Bruce Babbitt during his nine years in office.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano compared the undertaking to "the Cold War fight against communists."
Janet Napolitano : In January 2006, Napolitano won the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service.
Janet Napolitano : In response to criticism, she later said that while she knew no 9/11 terrorists entered the U.S. through Canada, "there are other instances … when suspected terrorists have attempted to enter our country from Canada to the United States... [s]ome of these are well known to the public, such as the millennium bomber, while others are not due to security reasons."
Janet Napolitano : "A government that does not assess internal and external security threats would be negligent of a critical public responsibility", he said in a statement.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano made multiple apologies for offending veterans groups by the reference to veterans in the assessment, and promised to meet with those groups to discuss the issue.
Janet Napolitano : On December 6, 2010, Walmart announced it was partnering with the DHS.
Janet Napolitano : On September 7, 2010, Napolitano said in a letter to Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren that jurisdictions that wished to withdraw from the program could do so.
Janet Napolitano : Prior to her election as governor, she served as Attorney General of Arizona from 1999 to 2003.
Janet Napolitano : She ran for and won the position of Arizona Attorney General in 1998.
Janet Napolitano : This was followed in June 2006, less than four years into her term, when she issued her 115th veto and set the all-time record for vetoes by an Arizona governor.
Janet Napolitano : In 1978, she studied for a term at the London School of Economics as part of Santa Clara's exchange program through IES Abroad.
Janet Napolitano : Arizona Secretary of State Jan Brewer became governor of Arizona.
Janet Napolitano : While the American Legion reportedly criticized the assessment, Glen M. Gardner Jr., the national commander of the 2.2 million-member Veterans of Foreign Wars, generally defended it, saying it "should have been worded differently" but served a vital purpose.
Janet Napolitano : In April 2009, in an interview defending her plans to tighten the Canada–US border, Napolitano incorrectly implied that the September 11 attack perpetrators entered the United States from Canada.
Janet Napolitano : The Department of Homeland Security admitted a "breakdown in an internal process" by ignoring objections by the Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties to a portion of the document.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano later modified her position: "What my letter said was that we would work with them on the implementation in terms of timing and the like ...
Janet Napolitano : She served as a member of the Democratic Governors Association Executive Committee.
Janet Napolitano : After the 2010 transatlantic aircraft bomb plot, which used printer cartridges to conceal bombs, Napolitano issued a ban for toner and ink cartridges weighing more than one pound on passenger flights.
Janet Napolitano : In March 2009, Napolitano told the German news site "Der Spiegel" that while there is always a threat from terrorism, she preferred to talk about "man-caused' disasters" as a way "to move away from the politics of fear toward a policy of being prepared for all risks that can occur."
Janet Napolitano : However, in October 2010 a "Washington Post" article quoted an anonymous senior ICE official saying: "Secure Communities is not based on state or local cooperation in federal law enforcement ... State and local law enforcement agencies are going to continue to fingerprint people and those fingerprints are forwarded to FBI for criminal checks.
Janet Napolitano : She has hiked in Arizona's Superstition Mountains, New Mexico's Sandia Mountains, and the Himalayas, and has climbed Mount Kilimanjaro.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano was criticized for stating in an interview with CNN's Candy Crowley that "the system worked" with regard to an attempted terrorist attack on Northwest Airlines flight 253 approaching Detroit on Christmas Day 2009.
Janet Napolitano : In 2005, she set a single-session record of 58 vetoes, breaking Jane Dee Hull's 2001 record of 28.
Janet Napolitano : The partnership included a video message from Napolitano on TV screens in Walmart stores playing a "public service announcement" to ask customers to report suspicious activity to a Walmart manager.
Janet Napolitano : In February 2006, Napolitano was named by The White House Project as one of "8 in '08", a group of eight female politicians who were suggested as possible candidates for president in 2008.
Janet Napolitano : Hill testified in the U.S. Senate that then U.S. Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas had sexually harassed her ten years earlier when she was his subordinate at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Janet Napolitano : In 1991, while a partner at Lewis and Roca LLP, Napolitano served as an attorney for Anita Hill.
Janet Napolitano : She said that her earlier statement was "taken out of context" and maintained "air travel is safe", but admitted, "our system did not work in this instance" and no one "is happy or satisfied with that".
Janet Napolitano : As U.S. Attorney, she was involved in the investigation of Michael Fortier of Kingman, Arizona, in connection with the Oklahoma City bombing.
Janet Napolitano : She spoke at the 2004 Democratic Convention, where some initially considered her to be a possible running mate for presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election.
Janet Napolitano : Napolitano attended Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California, where she graduated Phi Beta Kappa, won a Truman Scholarship, and studied political science.
Janet Napolitano : She has also served previously as chair of the Western Governors Association, and the National Governors Association.
Janet Napolitano : After law school she served as a law clerk for Judge Mary M. Schroeder of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, then joined Schroeder's former firm, Lewis and Roca, in Phoenix.
Janet Napolitano : "Rightwing" "Extremism: Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment" was made public in April 2009.
Janet Napolitano : The report suggested several factors, including the election of the first black or mixed race president in Barack Obama, concerns regarding future gun control measures, illegal immigration, the economic downturn beginning in 2008, abortion controversy, and disgruntled military veterans' possible vulnerability to recruitment efforts by extremist groups as potential risk factors regarding right-wing extremism recruitment.
Janet Napolitano : In 1993, Napolitano was appointed by President Bill Clinton as United States Attorney for the District of Arizona.
Janet Napolitano : She was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she graduated from Sandia High School in Albuquerque in 1975.
Janet Napolitano : She served as NGA Chair from 2006 to 2007, and was the first female governor and first governor of Arizona to serve in that position.
Janet Napolitano : Janet Ann Napolitano (; born November 29, 1957) is an American politician, lawyer, and university administrator who served as the 21st Governor of Arizona from 2003 to 2009 and as the United States Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2013, under President Barack Obama.
Janet Napolitano : She was Arizona's third female governor and the first female elected governor in the United States to succeed another elected female governor.
Janet Napolitano : On January 12, 2011, together with President Barack Obama, Napolitano was one of the speakers selected to express sympathy to the community of Tucson, the State of Arizona, and the rest of the nation in a televised memorial for the 2011 Tucson shooting.
Janet Napolitano : In November 2006, Napolitano was re-elected as governor, defeating the Republican challenger, Len Munsil, by a nearly 2:1 ratio.
Janet Napolitano : On November 5, 2008, she was named to the advisory board of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.
Janet Napolitano : In 2002, Napolitano narrowly won the gubernatorial election with 46 percent of the vote, succeeding Republican Jane Dee Hull and defeating her Republican opponent, former congressman Matt Salmon, who received 45 percent of the vote.
Janet Napolitano : On December 1, 2008, Barack Obama introduced Napolitano as his nominee for United States Secretary of Homeland Security.
Janet Napolitano : On January 11, 2008, she endorsed then Illinois Senator Barack Obama as the Democratic nominee for president.
Loes Gunnewijk : Loes Gunnewijk (born 27 November 1980 in Groenlo) is a former professional Dutch racing cyclist.
Ciara : In January 2020, Ciara announced they were expecting their second child together.
Ciara : They were married on July 6, 2016, at Peckforton Castle in Cheshire, England.
Ciara : An army brat, she grew up in Germany, New York, Utah, California, Arizona, and Nevada.
Ciara : Conceived as a crunk female counterpart to Usher's "Yeah!
Ciara : Ciara also has a son, born on May 19, 2014, from her previous relationship with Future.
Ciara : It sold over two million copies worldwide.
Ciara : Ciara Princess Harris ( ; born October 25, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and model.
Ciara : Ciara said that watching Destiny's Child and Janet Jackson perform on television inspired her to pursue a career in music, and cites Jackson and her brother Michael as her biggest inspirations.
Ciara : The album reached number one in the U.S. and was certified platinum.
Ciara : Ciara's third studio album, "Fantasy Ride" (2009) was less successful than her first two albums.
Ciara : The following year, Ciara released her fourth studio album "Basic Instinct", which included the R&B top-five single "Ride", but was met with low sales, continuing a downward trend in her commercial performance.
Ciara : She has also received many awards, including three BET Awards, three MTV Video Music Awards, three MOBO Awards, and one Grammy Award.
Ciara : Since making her musical debut in 2004, Ciara has attained eight "Billboard" Hot 100 top-ten singles.
Ciara : The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and garnered four nominations at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards.
Ciara : However, it produced the international top-ten single "Love Sex Magic", featuring Justin Timberlake, which received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.
Ciara : At the 48th Annual Grammy Awards, Ciara received four nominations for Best New Artist, Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "1, 2 Step", Best Rap Song for Missy Elliott's single "Lose Control", and won her last nomination, Best Short Form Music Video for Lose Control.
Dulce María : This recognition is given to people who stand out for their actions and impact on the environment or society, such as Michelle Obama in 2010.
Dulce María : In early 2000, Dulce replaced Angie in Jeans, a female Latin pop group.
Dulce María : Dulce's great aunt was the Mexican painter Frida Kahlo.
Dulce María : She was later cast in "El Club de Gaby" and participated in several specials on the Mexican Discovery Kids channel.
Dulce María : The song is a cover of the late singer Selena from the album Amor Prohibido.
Dulce María : As a child, Dulce María began doing television commercials.
Dulce María : Dulce María released her first solo single on May 17, 2010, titled Inevitable.
Dulce María : Dulce María Espinosa Saviñón (; born December 6, 1985) is a Mexican singer, songwriter, actress and author.
Dulce María : She has two sisters, Blanca Ireri and Claudia.
Dulce María : On November 9, 2019, she married Mexican producer, Paco Álvarez, in a small ceremony in Jojutla, Mexico.
Dulce María : Also, in September 2009, the singer was chosen by Google, Save the Children and Chicos.net as representative of the Technology "Yes" campaign aimed at promoting the appropriate use of technology and the Internet among children and youth.
Dulce María : The record was finished in August 2016, and was released on March 10, 2017.
Dulce María : In 2009, she recorded two new songs for the novela, Verano de Amor, called "Verano" and "Déjame Ser", a song she co-wrote along with Carlos Lara.
Dulce María : Verano de amor incorporated messages into the novela promoting environmental responsibility, an extension of Televisa's "Televisa Verde" initiative focused on the environment.
Dulce María : The surprise was that the album was going to be divided in two: "Extranjera Primera Parte", with 7 tracks, including the hit Inevitable, released on November 9, 2010 and "Extranjera Segunda Parte" with 7 more tracks plus a DVD with extras.
Dulce María : The music video was released on May 24 and was directed by Argentinean director Francisco d'Amorim Lima.
Dulce María : In 2009, Dulce starred in the telenovela Verano de amor, alongside Gonzalo Garcia Vivanco and Ari Borovoy, also produced by Pedro Damián, where she interpreted the theme songs of the telenovela, "Verano" and "Déjame Ser"; Dulce was cast as Miranda.
Dulce María : On November 9, 2010, Dulce María presented her album with a showcase at the Lunario and announced her second single Ya No, which will be featured on the second part of the album set to be released in the summer of 2011.
Bella Thorne : The film was released on March 23, 2018.
Bella Thorne : On her maternal side Thorne is of mostly Italian ancestry, with some Irish, English, Welsh, and German.
Bella Thorne : Thorne began her modeling career at six weeks old.
Bella Thorne : In August 2016, Thorne came out initially as bisexual.
Bella Thorne : In January 2018, Thorne said she had been sexually abused from a young age until she was 14.
Bella Thorne : Thorne played CeCe Jones, a dancer with heavy ambitions for a career in the spotlight despite having dyslexia.
Bella Thorne : She has since appeared in film and television projects including "Entourage" and "The O.C."
Bella Thorne : She has three siblings who are also actors.
Bella Thorne : Also in 2009, she played the role of the vengeful antagonist in the horror film "Forget Me Not".
Bella Thorne : Thorne is an avid supporter of the Humane Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, and The Nomad Organization, which provides education, food and medical supplies to children in Africa.
Bella Thorne : It was reported that Thorne had signed a new deal to write a series of books, beginning with her first novel, "Autumn Falls".
Bella Thorne : In 2009, she starred the web series "Little Monk", which depicted characters from the series "Monk", as Wendy, one of Monk's classmates.
Bella Thorne : Thorne's first film appearance was an uncredited role as a sidelines fan in the 2003 film "Stuck on You".
Bella Thorne : Annabella Avery Thorne (born October 8, 1997) is an American actress, singer, director, and former child model.
Bella Thorne : Thorne was born in the Miami suburb of Pembroke Pines, Florida, to Tamara Thorne (née Beckett) and Delancey Reinaldo "Rey" Thorne.
Bella Thorne : Thorne co-starred on the Disney Channel sitcom "Shake It Up", originally titled "Dance, Dance Chicago".
Bella Thorne : Thorne stars in the romantic drama "Midnight Sun", based on the 2006 Japanese film of the same name.
Bella Thorne : Her advertising campaigns include Guess Jeans, Tommy Hilfiger, J.Lo Girls, Candie's, Ralph Lauren, Gap and Diesel.
Bella Thorne : In 2010, Thorne replaced Jolean Wejbe as Tancy "Teenie" Henrickson, Bill and Barb's younger daughter in Season 4 of HBO's "Big Love".
Bella Thorne : Thorne played Ruthy Spivey in the television series "My Own Worst Enemy" (2008) and Tancy Henrickson in the fourth season of "Big Love" (2010), before gaining prominence for her role as CeCe Jones on the Disney Channel series "Shake It Up" (2010–2013).
Bella Thorne : In 2008, Thorne starred alongside Christian Slater and Taylor Lautner in the short-lived drama series "My Own Worst Enemy", for which she won a Young Artist's Award for her portrayal of the character Ruthy Spivey; Thorne described her "Enemy" casting as a major breakthrough as this was the first recurring role in her career.
Maria Grazia Cucinotta : She guest starred in "The Sopranos" episode "Isabella" as the titular character.
Maria Grazia Cucinotta : Maria Grazia Cucinotta (born 27 July 1968) is an Italian actress who has featured in films and television series since 1990.
Maria Grazia Cucinotta : Internationally she is best known for her roles in "Il Postino" and as the Bond girl, credited as a "Cigar Girl", in the James Bond film "The World Is Not Enough".
Imelda Staunton : Her parents were first-generation Catholic immigrants from County Mayo, Ireland; her father from Ballyvary and her mother from Bohola.
Imelda Staunton : Staunton and her husband, English actor Jim Carter, have a daughter, Bessie, born in 1993.
Imelda Staunton : In 1993, she appeared on television alongside Richard Briers and Adrian Edmondson in "If You See God, Tell Him".
Imelda Staunton : Staunton shared a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Performance by a Cast in 1998 for "Shakespeare in Love."
Imelda Staunton : Imelda Mary Philomena Bernadette Staunton, (born 9 January 1956) is an English stage and screen actress.
Imelda Staunton : In 2004, she received the Best Actress honours at the European Film Awards, the BAFTAs, and the Venice Film Festival for her performance of the title role in Mike Leigh's "Vera Drake", which also won Best Picture.
Marion Cotillard : Despite common misconception, the couple are not married.
Marion Cotillard : She was also featured on the cover of the first issue of Dior Magazine in September 2012.
Marion Cotillard : The video highlights the troubling illegal logging that threatens the Brazilian Amazon.
Marion Cotillard : She had a long-term relationship with French actor Stéphan Guérin-Tillié from 2000 to 2005.
Marion Cotillard : In addition to her film work, Cotillard is active in philanthropy, environmental activism, and has participated in campaigns for environmental protection, in particular Greenpeace, for whom she has been a member and acted as a spokesperson since 2001.
Marion Cotillard : In May 2014, Greenpeace released the animated video "The Amazon's Silent Crisis", narrated by Cotillard.
Marion Cotillard : In 2009, Cotillard was one of many celebrities to record a cover version of the song "Beds are Burning" by Midnight Oil, in support of TckTckTck and climate justice.
Marion Cotillard : As of 2018, Cotillard has appeared on more than 300 magazine covers around the world, such as "Vogue", "Elle", "Marie Claire", "Variety", "Harper's Bazaar", "Vanity Fair", "Madame Figaro", "Glamour", "W", "Porter", "The Hollywood Reporter" and "Wall Street Journal Magazine".
Anna Tibaijuka : She is fluent in English, Swahili, Swedish and French.
Anna Tibaijuka : She won the election and returned to the parliament.
Anna Tibaijuka : The Commission, comprising 16 internationally known figures, completed its report in March 2005.
Anna Tibaijuka : She is a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Agriculture and Forestry.
Anna Tibaijuka : At the World Food Summit in Rome, she was elected coordinator for Eastern Africa in the Network for Food Security, Trade and Sustainable Development (COASAD).
Anna Tibaijuka : Tibaijuka concluded her report saying that “while purporting to target illegal dwellings and structures and to clamp down on alleged illicit activities, [the operation] was carried out in an indiscriminate and unjustified manner, with indifference to human suffering”.
Anna Tibaijuka : She was the second highest ranking African woman in the UN system until her resignation in 2010 to run for political office in Tanzania.
Anna Tibaijuka : In 2015 she was renominated by 63% of regional CCM members to run again for the parliamentary seat of Muleba South.
Anna Tibaijuka : She is the widow of the former Tanzanian ambassador, Wilson Tibaijuka, who died in 2000.
Anna Tibaijuka : In 2004 the British prime minister, Tony Blair, invited Tibaijuka to be a member of the Commission for Africa, which he established to generate ideas and action to accelerate and sustain Africa's growth and development.
Anna Tibaijuka : During her first two years in office, Tibaijuka oversaw major reforms which resulted in the United Nations General Assembly upgrading the Centre to programme status and renaming it the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT).
Anna Tibaijuka : During this period, she was also a member of the Tanzanian government delegation to several United Nations summits, including the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements ( Istanbul, 1996); the World Food Summit (Rome, 1996); the Fourth World Conference on Women (Beijing, 1995) and the World Summit for Social Development (Copenhagen, 1995).
Anna Tibaijuka : Tibaijuka was elected by the General Assembly to her first four-year term as head of the new agency in July, 2002 and was given the rank of under-secretary-general, as the first and only African woman to reach this level within the UN system.
Anna Tibaijuka : She served as the Minister of Lands, Housing and Human Settlement Developments from 2010 to 2014.
Anna Tibaijuka : Tibaijuka has also been a board member of UNESCO's International Scientific Advisory Board since November, 1997.
Anna Tibaijuka : Tibaijuka had tried to defend herself that the money was a donation for the "Johansson Girls Education Trust" and that she had forwarded it after receiving it on a personal account.
Anna Tibaijuka : She is also a former under-secretary-general of the United Nations and executive director of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT).
Anna Tibaijuka : In June 2005, the secretary general appointed Tibaijuka as his special envoy to study the impact of the Zimbabwean government's campaign (known as Operation Murambatsvina) to evict informal traders and people deemed to be squatting illegally in certain areas.
Anna Tibaijuka : Born in Muleba, Tanzania, to small-holder farmers, Tibaijuka studied agricultural economics at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences in Uppsala.
Anna Tibaijuka : In September, 2000, she was appointed by Secretary-General Kofi Annan, as executive- director of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements.
Anna Tibaijuka : From 1993 to 1998, Tibaijuka was associate professor of economics at the University of Dar es Salaam.
Anna Tibaijuka : Kikwete said he had asked Tibaijuka to “leave room for a new appointee,” after she had not shown "due diligence" when receiving USD 1 million from James Rugemalira of VIP Engineering and Marketing (VIPEM) linked to the scandal.
Anna Tibaijuka : In December 2014, President of the United Republic of Tanzania Dr. Jakaya Kikwete sacked Tibaijuka from a post of Minister for Lands, Housing and Human Settlement Development over her alleged involvement in the USD 250 million Tegeta escrow account scandal.
Anna Tibaijuka : Anna Kajumulo Tibaijuka (; born 12 October 1950) is a Tanzanian, CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Muleba South constituency since 2010.
Rebecca Harms : She finished school with the Abitur in 1975 and began her career with an apprenticeship in plant nursery and landscape gardening.
Rebecca Harms : Living in the Wendland region which became known nationwide for the Gorleben atomic waste site, Harms is a declared opponent of nuclear power.
Rebecca Harms : From 1998 she served as chairwoman of her party on the state level.
Rebecca Harms : Rebecca Harms (born 7 December 1956) is a German politician who served as Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2004 until 2019.
Rebecca Harms : In 1984 employed her as an advisor after being elected to the European Parliament.
Rebecca Harms : From 2010 until 2016 she served as president of The Greens–European Free Alliance group in the European Parliament.
Eva Joly : She moved to Paris at 20 to work as an au pair.
Eva Joly : There she married the son of the family who employed her, Pascal Joly (now deceased), and adopted her middle name 'Eva', which is easier to pronounce in French.
Eva Joly : Eva Joly (; born Gro Eva Farseth; 5 December 1943) is a Norwegian-born French "juge d'instruction" (magistrate) and politician for Europe Écologie–The Greens.
Eva Joly : In June 2010, Joly was sent a court summons by Nadine Berthélémy-Dupuis, an investigating magistrate in Paris, following a legal complaint from David Douillet, a retired sportsman and a national member of parliament from France's then-ruling Union for a Popular Movement.
Eva Joly : On 7 June 2009, Joly was elected as a French member of the European Parliament on the Ile de France "Europe Écologie" list on which she was second after Daniel Cohn-Bendit.
Eva Santolaria : Eva Santolaria Millán (born May 2, 1975) is a Spanish actress born in Barcelona.
María Ángela Holguín : In 2010, while Holguín was serving as Colombia's Representative to the Development Bank of Latin America in Buenos Aires, the then president-elect Juan Manuel Santos Calderón nominated her to head the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
María Ángela Holguín : She graduated from the University of the Andes in 1988 with a bachelor's degree in Political Science, and she also completed a specialization there in Public Management and Administrative Institutions in 1992.
María Ángela Holguín : Holguín studied at the Gimnasio Femenino school in Bogota, and then studied French at the Université Paris X.
María Ángela Holguín : María Ángela Holguín Cuéllar was born on 13 November 1963 to Julio Holguín Umaña and Lucila Cuéllar Calderón.
Marta Marrero : Marta Marrero (born 16 January 1983) is a Spanish former professional tennis player and currently a professional padel player.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : The different standards of living of Switzerland and Guatemala sparked her interest in economics.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : She later enrolled at the University of Basel, where she studied economics and received a Doctorate in Economics in 1993 and Habilitation in economics in 1999.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : From 1971 to 1980, she studied in a German school in Guatemala and in 1984 she obtained the high school diploma in Basel.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : She has been member of the Audit Committee since 2012, a member of the Risk Committee from 2013 to 2017 and became a member of the Corporate Culture and Responsibility Committee in 2017.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : Beatrice Weder di Mauro (born August 3, 1965) is a Swiss academic and businesswoman who is currently professor of economics at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva, Distinguished Fellow-in-residence at the Emerging Markets Institute of INSEAD Singapore, and a senior fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : From 1997 to 1998 she was Research Fellow-in-residence at United Nations University in Tokyo and from 1998 to 2001 associate professor of economics at the University of Basel.
Beatrice Weder di Mauro : In 2001 she became Professor of Economics, Economic Policy and International Macroeconomics at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany.
Lucie Hradecká : Lucie Hradecká (; born 21 May 1985 in Prague) is a tennis player from the Czech Republic.
Silvia Federici : Related to this, she outlines the historical struggle for the commons and the struggle for communalism.
Silvia Federici : In it, she argues against Karl Marx's claim that primitive accumulation is a necessary precursor for capitalism.
Silvia Federici : Silvia Federici (; born 1942, Parma, Italy) is an Italian-American scholar, teacher, and activist from the radical autonomist feminist Marxist tradition.
Silvia Federici : She is a professor emerita and Teaching Fellow at Hofstra University, where she was a social science professor.
Silvia Federici : Federici grew up in Italy, and came to the US in 1967 to study for a PhD in philosophy at the University at Buffalo.
Silvia Federici : This is tied into colonial expropriation and provides a framework for understanding the work of the International Monetary Fund, World Bank, and other proxy institutions as engaging in a renewed cycle of primitive accumulation, by which everything held in common—from water, to seeds, to our genetic code—becomes privatized in what amounts to a new round of enclosures.
Silvia Federici : She was co-founder of the International Feminist Collective, and an organizer with the Wages for housework campaign.
Silvia Federici : She situates the institutionalization of rape and prostitution, as well as the heretic and witch-hunt trials, burnings, and torture at the center of a methodical subjugation of women and appropriation of their labor.
Silvia Federici : Instead of seeing capitalism as a liberatory defeat of feudalism, Federici interprets the ascent of capitalism as a reactionary move to subvert the rising tide of communalism and to retain the basic social contract.
Silvia Federici : Instead, she posits that primitive accumulation is a fundamental characteristic of capitalism itself—that capitalism, in order to perpetuate itself, requires a constant infusion of expropriated capital.
Silvia Federici : She taught at the University of Port Harcourt in Nigeria, and was Associate Professor and later Professor of Political Philosophy and International Studies at New College of Hofstra University.
Silvia Federici : Federici connects this expropriation to women's unpaid labour, both connected to reproduction and otherwise, which she frames as a historical precondition to the rise of a capitalist economy predicated upon wage labor.
Eden Sher : Her interest in acting was ignited after her appearance in a "Jaywalking" segment on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" gained network attention.
Eden Sher : From 2009 to 2018, Sher starred in the ABC comedy series "The Middle" as Sue Heck, a quirky but optimistic teenager.
Eden Sher : She also appeared in the 2001 short film "Stuck" and television commercials for Capital One and Fruity Pebbles.
Kristi Harrower : She is tall and weights .
Kristi Harrower : She was played injured most of the season, with problems in her shoulder and knee.
Kristi Harrower : She missed three games that season in order to attend her grandmother's funeral in Australia.
Kristi Harrower : Harrower is a guard.
Kristi Harrower : She resigned with the Spirit in October 2009.
Kristi Harrower : She entered the WNBA as an undrafted player.
Kristi Harrower : She is an Australian Institute of Sport alumni and the programme considers her one of their success stories.
Kristi Harrower : In 1992 and 1993, she had a scholarship with the Australian Institute of Sport.
Kristi Harrower : She played for the Bendigo Spirit in the 2010/2011 season, wearing number 19.
Kristi Harrower : In her two seasons with the team, she played in 62 games.
Kristi Harrower : Harrower has played professional basketball for over twenty years.
Kristi Harrower : As a competitor at the 1994 Australian Under-20 national championships, Harrower won the Bob Staunton Award.
Kristi Harrower : Her first team she played with was the Phoenix Mercury, whom she signed with before the start of the 1998 season.
Kristi Harrower : She was featured in the WNBL's 2009 league calendar.
Kristi Harrower : In 2006, she played for Valenciennes in France.
Kristi Harrower : In 2008, she was featured as a basketball star on myFiba.
Kristi Harrower : Harrower had an injury in 2012 to her Achilles and could not run on it for a while.
Kristi Harrower : Harrower was born on 4 March 1975, and calls Bendigo her hometown.
Kristi Harrower : In 2009, Harrower was playing for the Los Angeles Sparks in the WNBA.
Kristi Harrower : She averaged 13.8 points a game, 5.5 rebounds a game and 5.2 assists a game.
Kristi Harrower : Harrower played for Bendigo in 2008/2009 and was with the team again for the 2009/2010 season where she was the WNBL's MVP.
Kristi Harrower : She joined the Minnesota Lynx in 2000 along with Mercury players Marlies Askamp and Angela Aycock as part of a trade that saw Tonya Edwards and Trisha Fallon go from Minnesota to Phoenix.
Kristi Harrower : Kristi Harrower (born 4 March 1975) is an Australian professional basketball player, who three times (2000, 2004 and 2008) won the silver medal with the Australian Women's Team at the Summer Olympics, and also the bronze in 2012.
Kristi Harrower : She played in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 1998 to 2005 for the Phoenix Mercury and Minnesota Lynx.
Kristi Harrower : She played for the Lynx in 2003, where she averaged 2.8 points and 2.3 assists per game.
Macarena Aguilar : Macarena Aguilar won a gold medal with the Spanish team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería.
Macarena Aguilar : With Sagunto, she won every domestic competition: Spanish Championship, Spanish League Cup, Queen's Cup () and Spanish Supercup.
Macarena Aguilar : Macarena Aguilar Díaz (born 1985) is a Spanish handballer member of the Spanish national team.
Macarena Aguilar : Aguilar started her senior career at Balonmano Sagunto, where she stayed for eight years.
Macarena Aguilar : She competed at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil, where the Spanish team placed third.
Macarena Aguilar : She also competed at the 2008 European Championship, where the Spanish team reached the final, after defeating Germany in the semifinal.
Theresa Villiers : She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Chipping Barnet since 2005.
Theresa Villiers : Villiers was Minister of State for Transport from 2010 to 2012 and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2012 until 2016.
Nina Zhivanevskaya : After this event, she announced she was retiring from the sport so that she could concentrate on her family.
Nina Zhivanevskaya : Zhivanevskaya took part in the 2008 Olympic Games, reaching the semi-finals in the 100 m backstroke.
Nina Zhivanevskaya : Nina Aleksandrovna Zhivanevskaya (, born 24 June 1977) is a 5-time Olympic backstroke swimmer from Russia, who has swum for Spain since 1999, following her marriage to a Spaniard (and moving to Spain).
Gustavo Nery : Gustavo Nery de Sá da Silva (born 22 July 1977), commonly known as Gustavo Nery, is a former footballer who played as a left-back.
Melissa Etheridge : She said that her partner had been very supportive during her illness.
Melissa Etheridge : The a cappella song included themes and images that were on the news during the aftermath of the hurricane.
Melissa Etheridge : Melissa Lou Etheridge (born May 29, 1961) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, and activist.
Melissa Etheridge : ReAct Now, part of an ongoing effort by MTV, VH1, CMT, seeks to raise funds for the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army, and America's Second Harvest.
Melissa Etheridge : Etheridge also discussed using medicinal marijuana while she was receiving the chemotherapy.
Melissa Etheridge : Etheridge came out publicly as lesbian in January 1993 at the Triangle Ball, a gay celebration of President Bill Clinton's first inauguration.
Melissa Etheridge : On October 17, 2006, Michaels gave birth to twins that had been conceived via an anonymous sperm donor.
Melissa Etheridge : Etheridge introduced a new song specially written for the occasion called "Four Days".
Melissa Etheridge : On September 19, 2000, Etheridge and Cypher announced they were separating.
Melissa Etheridge : At the 2005 Grammy Awards, she made a return to the stage and, while bald from chemotherapy, performed a tribute to Janis Joplin with the song "Piece of My Heart".
Melissa Etheridge : In 2002, Etheridge released an autobiography entitled "The Truth Is: My Life in Love and Music."
Melissa Etheridge : In October 2004, Etheridge was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Melissa Etheridge : In 2002, Etheridge began dating actress Tammy Lynn Michaels.
Melissa Etheridge : In 2007, she won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for "I Need to Wake Up" from the film "An Inconvenient Truth".
Melissa Etheridge : On September 10, 2005, Etheridge participated in , a telethon in support for the victims of Hurricane Katrina.
Josephine Barstow : In 1969 she made her Royal Opera debut as one of the nieces in "Peter Grimes"
Josephine Barstow : Josephine Barstow was born in Sheffield and educated at the University of Birmingham.
Josephine Barstow : At Glyndebourne, she has appeared as Lady Macbeth, Elettra ("Idomeneo") and Leonore.
Josephine Barstow : Among other roles with the Royal Opera, she has sung Alice Ford ("Falstaff"), Santuzza ("Cavalleria rusticana"), Ellen Orford in "Peter Grimes", Leonore ("Fidelio") and the Old Countess ("The Queen of Spades").
Julie Payette : She was sworn in on October 2, 2017.
Julie Payette : Payette has completed two spaceflights, STS-96 and STS-127, and has logged more than 25 days in space.
Julie Payette : She served as chief astronaut for the Canadian Space Agency (CSA), and has served as capsule communicator at NASA Mission Control Center in Houston.
Julie Payette : In July 2013, Payette was named chief operating officer for the Montreal Science Centre, and in April 2014, she was appointed to the board of directors of the National Bank of Canada.
Julie Payette : Payette is an engineer, businessperson, and a former member of the Canadian Astronaut Corps.
Helene Fischer : According to record certifications she has sold at least 15 million records.
Helene Fischer : In June 2014, her multi platinum 2013 album "Farbenspiel" became the most legally-downloaded album ever by a German artist and is currently the sixth-bestselling album of all time in Germany .
Maika Makovski : Makovski started writing songs at 12 and performing live at 14.
Maika Makovski : In 2015, she released her first live album, "Live - Apolo!
Maika Makovski : Maika Makovski (born 1983) is a Spanish songwriter, singer, guitarist and pianist of Macedonian father and Andalucian descent.
Maika Makovski : ", and recorded the album "Chinook Wind", released in 2016 and produced once more by Parish.
Maika Makovski : Between 1998 and 2003, Makovski changed her country of residence repeatedly before finally settling in Barcelona to record her first album "Kradiaw" (2005, PAE), which brought her to the attention of the mainstream press.
Risa Wataya : Wataya was born in Kyoto, Japan.
Risa Wataya : "Insutōru" won the 38th Bungei Prize in 2001.
Samantha Mathis : Her parents divorced when she was two years old, and Mathis was raised by her mother.
Samantha Mathis : She took a little over a year off from acting after her mother died in 1996 from breast cancer.
Samantha Mathis : Mathis costarred with Christian Slater again, along with John Travolta, in John Woo's "Broken Arrow" (1996).
Samantha Mathis : Mathis was born in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Donald Mathis and Austrian-born actress Bibi Besch.
Samantha Mathis : In the autopsy report the Los Angeles Police detailed that Mathis refused several times to give more details surrounding the death of Phoenix and had told deputies at the time of Phoenix's death that she had no knowledge of his drug use.
Samantha Mathis : Her first starring role in a feature film was that of Nora in "Pump Up the Volume" (1990), opposite Christian Slater, whom she briefly dated at the time.
Samantha Mathis : The daughter of actress Bibi Besch, Mathis made her film debut in "Pump Up the Volume" (1990), and later co-starred or appeared in such films as "" (1992), "Super Mario Bros." (1993), "Little Women" (1994), "The American President" (1995), "Broken Arrow" (1996), "American Psycho" (2000), "The Punisher" (2004), and "" (2012).
Samantha Mathis : Mathis was the last girlfriend of actor River Phoenix and was with Phoenix the night he died as a result of a drug overdose while attending The Viper Room in Los Angeles, California.
Samantha Mathis : Mathis was nominated in 1995 for a Young Artist Award at the Young Artist Awards for Best Young Actress Starring in a Motion Picture for "This Is My Life" (1992) and in 2005 for a Saturn Award by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films for Best Supporting Actress on Television for "Salem's Lot" (2004) (TV).
Ana Torroja : She eventually settled in New York and took dance classes.
Ana Torroja : The album contained new versions of old Mecano hits.
Ana Torroja : She sang "Me cuesta tanto olvidarte", "Duele el amor", "Corazones", and "Te amaré" (alongside all the invited artists).
Ana Torroja : Ana Torroja Fungairiño (born 28 December 1959 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer.
Ana Torroja : It was this material that consolidated her success as a solo artist, and with which she also obtained numerous nominations and prizes such as the Grammy Latino, Shangay (Spain) and Oye (Mexico).
Ana Torroja : In 2008, Ana decided to work with Schiller, singing "Por qué te vas", which went to Number One in the Sehnsucht album charts in (Germany).
Ana Torroja : On 17 May 2008, Ana Torroja was invited by Aleks Syntek to take part in the macro concert of the Fundación ALAS, in aid of children in Latin America.
Ana Torroja : For the album, she appeared for the first time solo on stage, in a brief tour across America and Europe called the "Gira Frágil" (Fragile Tour).
Ana Torroja : She then took part in the recording of the disc "Duetos 2" by the Mexican artist Armando Manzanero, with whom she recorded the song "Nada personal" ("Nothing personal").
Ana Torroja : As a part of the promotion of this album, Torroja undertook, together with Miguel Bosé the "Girados" tour in May 2000, throughout Spain, the United States, and part of Latin America.
Ana Torroja : In 2001, Ana tried to reconquer the French audience she had won over at the time of Mecano, recording the album "Ana Torroja".
Cate Campbell : At the 2013 Australian Swimming Championships she won gold in both the 50 and 100 metre freestyle events, qualifying for the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.
Wendy Houvenaghel : Wendy Louise Houvenaghel (née McLean; born 27 November 1974) is a Northern Irish former racing cyclist from Upperlands, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland, riding on both the road and track, but specialising in the latter.
Jodhi May : Jodhi has not publicly identified her father, besides stating he is German.
Jodhi May : They later divorced, a move that cost McLaren's grandmother £2,000.
Jodhi May : She was educated at Camden School for Girls.
Jodhi May : She remains the youngest recipient of the Best Actress award at the Cannes Film Festival, for "A World Apart" (1988).
Jodhi May : Her mother, Jocelyn Hakim, is an art teacher of French-Turkish descent who as a student arranged to marry artist-designer Malcolm McLaren to obtain citizenship, paying him £50 to marry her in a Lewisham register office in 1972.
Jodhi May : Jodhi Tania May ("née" Edwards; 8 May 1975) is an English stage, film, and television actress.
Allison Schmitt : Allison Rodgers Schmitt (born June 7, 1990) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in freestyle events, and is an eight-time Olympic medalist.
Monica Lewinsky : Happened."
Monica Lewinsky : Monica's parents' acrimonious separation and divorce during 1987 and 1988 had a significant effect on her.
Monica Lewinsky : Tripp gave the tapes to Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, adding to his on-going investigation into the Whitewater controversy.
Monica Lewinsky : By her own account, Lewinsky had survived the intense media attention during the scandal period by knitting.
Monica Lewinsky : In 1993, she enrolled at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Oregon, graduating with a bachelor's degree in psychology in 1995.
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in an affluent family in Southern California in the Westside Brentwood area of Los Angeles and in Beverly Hills.
Monica Lewinsky : Her mother, born Marcia Kay Vilensky, is an author who uses the name Marcia Lewis.
Monica Lewinsky : Lewinsky told co-worker Linda Tripp about her relationship with Clinton, and Tripp began secretly recording their telephone conversations beginning in September 1997.
Monica Lewinsky : Her father is Bernard Lewinsky, an oncologist, who is the son of German Jews who escaped from Nazi Germany and moved to El Salvador and then to the United States when he was 14.
Monica Lewinsky : Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American activist, television personality, fashion designer, and former White House intern.
Monica Lewinsky : The affair and its repercussions (which included Clinton's impeachment) became known later as the Clinton–Lewinsky scandal.
Belén Gopegui : Francisco Umbral considers her the best writer of her generation.
Belén Gopegui : She studied law at the Universidad Autónoma de Madrid, and she worked for several newspapers including "El sol".
Belén Gopegui : Belén Ruiz de Gopegui (born 1963, in Madrid) is a Spanish writer.
Belén Gopegui : Her first novel "La escala de los mapas" won two prizes : Premio Tigre Juan and Premio Iberoamericano Santiago del Nuevo Extremo.
Julia Stiles : They have one son.
Julia Stiles : The film was released on June 6, 2006.
Julia Stiles : Stiles is of English, Irish, and Italian descent.
Julia Stiles : She subsequently appeared in two more Shakespearean adaptations.
Julia Stiles : Neither film was a great success; "O" was subject to many delays and a change of distributors, and "Hamlet" was an art house film shot on a minimal budget.
Julia Stiles : The Chicago Film Critics voted her the most promising new actress of the year.
Julia Stiles : She won an MTV Movie Award for Breakthrough Female Performance for the role.
Julia Stiles : Julia O'Hara Stiles (born March 28, 1981) is an American actress.
Julia Stiles : Her first lead was in "Wicked" (1998), playing a teenage girl who might have murdered her mother so she could have her father all to herself.
Julia Stiles : Critic Joe Balthai wrote she was "the darling of the 1998 Sundance Film Festival."
Julia Stiles : Her next starring role was in "Down to You" (2000), which was panned by critics, but earned her co-star Freddie Prinze, Jr. and her a Teen Choice Award nomination for their on-screen chemistry.
Julia Stiles : Stiles' first film role was in "I Love You, I Love You Not" (1996), with Claire Danes and Jude Law.
Julia Stiles : She also featured as Courtney, the wayward mother of Sophie Nélisse, in "The Great Gilly Hopkins", which premiered in U.S. cinemas on October 7, 2016.
Julia Stiles : Later that year, she portrayed Kat Stratford, opposite Heath Ledger, in Gil Junger's "10 Things I Hate About You", an adaptation of "The Taming of the Shrew" set in a high school in Tacoma, Washington.
Julia Stiles : The actress during the recordings shared set with artists like Michelle Forbes, JC Gonzalez and Uriah Shelton.
Julia Stiles : In 2015, Stiles signed on to reprise her role as Nicky Parsons in "Jason Bourne", the fifth installment of the "Bourne" franchise.
Julia Stiles : The first was as Ophelia in Michael Almereyda's "Hamlet" (2000), with Ethan Hawke in the lead.
Julia Stiles : She also had small roles as Harrison Ford's character's daughter in Alan J. Pakula's "The Devil's Own" (1997) and in M. Night Shyamalan's "Wide Awake" (1998).
Kerri Walsh Jennings : They also won the FIVB Beach Volleyball World Championships in 2003, 2005 and 2007.
Kerri Walsh Jennings : Kerri Lee Walsh Jennings (born August 15, 1978) is an American professional beach volleyball player, three-time Olympic gold medalist, and a one-time Olympic bronze medalist.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : They married in 1987 and have two sons together: Henry (born 1992) and Charles (born 1997).
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : In the spring of 2010, Louis-Dreyfus guest-starred several times in the third season of the web series "Web Therapy", starring Lisa Kudrow.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus : Following her 1985 departure from "SNL", Louis-Dreyfus appeared in several films, including the Woody Allen-directed "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986); "Soul Man" (1986), starring C. Thomas Howell; and "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989), in which she starred alongside fellow "SNL" alumnus Chevy Chase.
Reina Tanaka : Project name.
Reina Tanaka : All Stars."
Reina Tanaka : The show premiered on April 6, 2008.
Reina Tanaka : In 2008, Tanaka became the leader of Hello Project's new unit High-King.
Reina Tanaka : She provided the main vocals for the single "Shabondama".
Reina Tanaka : She was featured in two solo versions of "Memory Seishun no Hikari" on a fan club release CD.
Reina Tanaka : On March 28, 2008, Tanaka made her voice acting debut as Kirara, the main character in Sanrio's anime "Onegai My Melody Kirara", the fourth My Melody series.
Reina Tanaka : In 2003, Tanaka became a member of the sub-unit Aa!, along with Miyabi Natsuyaki and Airi Suzuki, two Hello!
Reina Tanaka : Tanaka auditioned for a spot in Morning Musume's 5th Generation in 2001 and passed, but had to leave the training camp for being under the age limit.
Jennette McCurdy : On September 20, 2013, her mother died after battling cancer for 17 years.
Jennette McCurdy : It premiered on June 8, 2013.
Jennette McCurdy : On August 13, 2014, McCurdy launched the online show "What's Next for Sarah?".
Jennette McCurdy : "Not That Far Away" received the most votes, and was released to country radio on May 24, 2010 and iTunes on June 1.
Jennette McCurdy : The series' plot centers on the girls becoming roommates and starting their own babysitting business.
Jennette McCurdy : The song clips were released in order for fans to vote for which one they believed should be McCurdy's first single.
Jennette McCurdy : She has also appeared in several commercials, such as one for Sprint and a public service announcement on crossing the road safely.
Jennette McCurdy : She met Waters through St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Jennette McCurdy : The first single, "So Close", was released on March 10, 2009.
Jennette McCurdy : In June 2008, McCurdy announced on her official website that she was working on her debut album.
Jennette McCurdy : In 2015, she began starring in the Netflix drama series "Between".
Jennette McCurdy : McCurdy composed an article titled "Off-Camera, My Mom's Fight With Cancer", which was published in "The Wall Street Journal" in June 2011.
Jennette McCurdy : McCurdy started her acting career in 2000 at the age of eight on "MADtv".
Jennette McCurdy : On May 19 her cover of the Amanda Stott song "Homeless Heart" was released.
Jennette McCurdy : In 2003, she had the chance to act with her inspiration, Harrison Ford, in the film "Hollywood Homicide".
Jennette McCurdy : On April 16, 2010, samples of select songs from McCurdy's upcoming debut country album were released online.
Jennette McCurdy : She released an EP on August 17, 2010, which included "Not That Far Away" and three new songs: "Stronger", "Put Your Arms Around Someone", and "Break Your Heart".
Jennette McCurdy : The song was released in honor of McCurdy's recently deceased friend Cody Waters, who died at the age of nine from brain cancer, and 20% of the proceeds were donated to the Cody Waters Foundation.
Jennette McCurdy : In 2005, she was nominated for a Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Television Series – Guest Starring Young Actress for her performance in "Strong Medicine" as Hailey Campos.
Jennette McCurdy : In mid-2009, McCurdy signed with country music label Capitol Records Nashville.
Jennette McCurdy : McCurdy's second single, "Generation Love", was released as a digital download on March 22, 2011, followed by its release to radio April 25, 2011.
Jennette McCurdy : Jennette McCurdy (born June 26, 1992) is an American actress, YouTuber, singer, director, and writer.
Jennette McCurdy : Since then she appeared in television series, including "", "Malcolm in the Middle", "Lincoln Heights", "Will & Grace", "The Penguins of Madagascar", "Zoey 101", "True Jackson, VP", "", "Medium", "Judging Amy", "The Inside", "Karen Sisco", "Over There", and "Close to Home".
Cara Buono : Buono attended Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School and is a 1995 graduate of Columbia University with a double major in English and political science.
Cara Buono : Additionally, she appeared as Dr. Faye Miller in the fourth season of the AMC drama series "Mad Men", for which she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series in 2011.
Cara Buono : She made her acting debut in Harvey Fierstein's play "Spookhouse" at the age of 12.
Cara Buono : Much of her work has been in indie films such as "Chutney Popcorn" (1999), "Happy Accidents" (2000), "Next Stop Wonderland" (1998) and "Two Ninas" (1999), which she co-produced.
Cara Buono : Buono continued stage work both on Broadway and Off Broadway, and started her film career opposite Ethan Hawke and Jeremy Irons in "Waterland" (1992).
Trinidad Jiménez : From 1996 to July 2000, Jiménez served as the Officer in Charge of Political Relations with America in the PSOE's International Relations Secretariat and, from 1997, as an advisor to ex Prime Minister Felipe González when he was chair of the Socialist International’s Global Progress Commission.
Trinidad Jiménez : Trinidad Jiménez García-Herrera (: born 4 June 1962) is a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) politician and was Spain's Foreign Affairs Minister.
Julia Annas : Her current research interests are in Platonic ethics.
Julia Annas : She has argued that being virtuous involves "practical reasoning" which can be compared to the "exercising of a practical skill".
Julia Annas : She is Regents Professor of Philosophy at the University of Arizona.
Julia Annas : Hence, she argues, rather than relating virtues to rules, principles, or an end goal, Annas says, first, people should ask how they can improve their moral "skills".
Julia Annas : She concentrates on the study of ancient Greek philosophy, including Ethics, Psychology and Epistemology.
Julia Annas : Julia Annas has advocated ethics based on character, building on ideas attributed to Greek philosopher, Aristotle and making them relevant for contemporary moral discourse.
Julia Annas : Julia Elizabeth Annas (born 1946) is a British philosopher who has taught in the United States for the last quarter-century.
Julia Annas : She was a Fellow and Tutor at St Hugh's College, Oxford for fifteen years, before joining the faculty at Arizona in 1986, where she has taught since, apart for one year as a professor at Columbia University.
Milana Terloeva : Milana Zaydinovna Bakhaeva () (born 30 December 1979 in Orekhovo, Chechnya), better known by the pen name Milana Terloeva, is a Chechen journalist and author of the 2006 French bestseller "Danser sur les ruines — Une jeunesse tchétchène".
Pat Benatar : She was signed to Chrysalis Records by co-founder Terry Ellis the following week.
Pat Benatar : Pat Benatar married her high school sweetheart Dennis Benatar at the age of 19 in 1972.
Pat Benatar : In 1975, Benatar performed at an amateur night at the comedy club Catch a Rising Star in New York.
Pat Benatar : In 2006, the song "We Belong" was part of a $20 million ad campaign for Sheraton Hotels, although the version used in the commercial was not Benatar's.
Pat Benatar : Pat Benatar was born Patricia Mae Andrzejewski on January 10, 1953, in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York City.
Pat Benatar : Patricia Mae Giraldo (née Andrzejewski; born January 10, 1953), known professionally as Pat Benatar, is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and four-time Grammy Award winner.
Pat Benatar : Other singles released from "Crimes of Passion" were "Treat Me Right" (US #18) and the Rascals' cover, "You Better Run" (US #42), which was the second music video ever played on MTV, after the Buggles' "Video Killed the Radio Star".
Emily Deschanel : Then she appeared in "Cold Mountain", "The Alamo", and "Glory Road" and was named one of "six actresses to watch" by "Interview Magazine" in 2004.
Emily Deschanel : For her performance, she received a 2006 Satellite Award nomination and a 2007 Teen Choice Award nomination.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel is a vegan and a supporter of animal rights causes.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel ranked number 72 in The 2012 Hot 100 on AfterEllen.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel and Boreanaz served as co-producers at the start of the show's third season, before becoming producers in the middle of the show's fourth season.
Emily Deschanel : Her next notable role was as Pam Asbury in Stephen King's horror miniseries "Rose Red" in 2002.
Emily Deschanel : She can be seen in an "Access Hollywood" video at the book launch event of Karen Dawn's "Thanking the Monkey: Rethinking the Way We Treat Animals", discussing how vegetarian and vegan diets help the environment, and a video on the homepage of the book's website talking about the importance of animal rights.
Emily Deschanel : On September 25, 2010, Deschanel married "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" actor and writer David Hornsby in a small private ceremony in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles.
Emily Deschanel : On September 21, 2011, Deschanel gave birth to their first son.
Emily Deschanel : Her younger sister is actress and singer-songwriter Zooey Deschanel.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel, with Alyson Hannigan, Jaime King, Minka Kelly, and Katharine McPhee made a video slumber party featured on FunnyorDie.com to promote regular breast cancer screenings for the organization Stand Up 2 Cancer.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel attended Harvard-Westlake and Crossroads School in Los Angeles before graduating from Boston University's Professional Actors Training Program with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater.
Emily Deschanel : Deschanel was born in Los Angeles, California, to cinematographer and director Caleb Deschanel and actress Mary Jo Deschanel (née Weir).
Jessye Norman : This ability was partly due to her uncommon height and size but was more a result of her unique, rich, and powerful voice.
Jessye Norman : Her career began in Europe, where she won the ARD International Music Competition in Munich in 1968, which led to a contract with the Deutsche Oper Berlin.
Jessye Norman : She was one of five children in a family of amateur musicians; her mother and grandmother were both pianists, and her father sang in a local choir.
Jessye Norman : Norman briefly returned to the United States to give her first New York City recital as part of the "Great Performers" series in Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in 1973.
Jessye Norman : Jessye Norman (September 15, 1945 – September 30, 2019) was an American opera singer and recitalist.
Jessye Norman : She continued to take voice lessons privately with Ms. Sanders Creque while attending Lucy C. Laney Senior High School in downtown Augusta.
Jessye Norman : From the early 1990s Norman lived in Croton-on-Hudson, New York, in a secluded estate known as "The White Gates" previously owned by television personality Allen Funt.
Jessye Norman : Norman followed these with her first performance at the Metropolitan Opera in 1983, appearing as both Cassandra and Dido in "Les Troyens" by Berlioz, a production that marked the company's 100th-anniversary season.
Jessye Norman : She sang at the second inauguration of Ronald Reagan, at Queen Elizabeth II's 60th birthday celebration in 1986, and performed the "La Marseillaise" to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the French Revolution on July 14, 1989.
Jessye Norman : Norman premiered the song cycle "woman.life.song" by composer Judith Weir, a work commissioned for her by Carnegie Hall, with texts by Toni Morrison, Maya Angelou and Clarissa Pinkola Estés; performed a selection of sacred music of Duke Ellington; recorded a jazz album, "Jessye Norman Sings Michel Legrand"; and was the soprano co-lead in Vangelis' Mythodea project.
Hou Yifan : In June 2007, she became China's youngest ever national champion.
Hou Yifan : She achieved the titles of Woman FIDE Master in January 2004, Woman Grandmaster in January 2007, and Grandmaster in August 2008.
Hou Yifan : Hou Yifan ( ; born 27 February 1994) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and four-time Women's World Chess Champion.
Mimi Coertse : Her repertoire also includes:
Mimi Coertse : She began vocal studies in South Africa in 1949.
Mimi Coertse : Since returning to South Africa in 1973 she has been a regular guest on South African stages and also a frequent broadcaster on radio and television.
Mimi Coertse : She left South Africa in September 1953 for London, and then went via The Hague to Vienna.
Mimi Coertse : Her support for her fellow South African musicians has been outstanding – as may be witnessed in her "Debut with Mimi" and through the "Mimi Coertse Bursary".
Mimi Coertse : In recent years she has devoted her time to exposing young South African singers to the neglected art of Lieder singing which can be artistically even more demanding than opera singing.
Mimi Coertse : Mimi Coertse (born 12 June 1932) is a South African soprano.
Mimi Coertse : She also sang in Basle at the Teatro San Carlo.
Mimi Coertse : In January 1954 she started training with Maria Hittorff and Josef Witt.
Mimi Coertse : In 1998, Coertse and Neels Hansen founded "The Black Tie Ensemble", a development project which enables young, classically trained singers to bridge the gap between training and professional performance.
Mimi Coertse : Her Covent Garden debut was in 1956, in the same role.
Mimi Coertse : In July 1953 she married broadcaster and composer Dawid Engela.
Mimi Coertse : The Ensemble, sponsored by Sappi, performs operas at the State Theatre (Pretoria), Walter Sisulu National Botanical Garden (Johannesburg) and the Civic Theatre (Johannesburg).
Mimi Coertse : Coertse, born in Durban, matriculated at the Helpmekaar Girls High School in Johannesburg.
Mimi Coertse : On 17 March 1956 she made her debut at the Vienna State Opera as the Queen of the Night in "Die Zauberflöte" by Mozart and remained with the Vienna State Opera until 1978.
Mimi Coertse : In 1958, Coertse and Fritz Wunderlich again worked together at the Aix-en-Provence festival in "Die Zauberflöte".
Mimi Coertse : In 1965, she sang Konstanze in "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" at the Vienna State Opera which also featured Fritz Wunderlich as Belmonte.
Mimi Coertse : Coertse made her debut in January 1955 as the "first flower girl" in Wagner's "Parsifal" at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples, Karl Böhm conducting.
Marta Domínguez : In November 2011, Domínguez was elected one of Palencia's four members of the Senate of Spain in the 2011 general election.
Marta Domínguez : On 19 November 2015, she was banned for three years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport and was stripped of her 2009 gold medal from the IAAF World Championships in Berlin.
Nina Hagen : She is also noted for her human and animal rights activism.
Nina Hagen : 's song "Fieber".
Nina Hagen : Hagen has been featured on songs by other bands, for instance on Oomph!
Nina Hagen : In 1992 Hagen became the host of a TV show on RTLplus.
Nina Hagen : In 2000, her song "Schön ist die Welt" became the official song of Expo 2000.
Nina Hagen : Meanwhile, Hagen's public persona was steadily creating media uproar.
Nina Hagen : She performed songs from this album during the 1985 version of Rock in Rio.
Nina Hagen : In the 1990s, Hagen lived in Paris with her daughter Cosma Shiva and son Otis.
Nina Hagen : Another cover of a Zarah Leander song "Der Wind hat mir ein Lied erzählt" was a minor hit the same year.
Nina Hagen : When Hagen was 11, her mother married Wolf Biermann, an anti-establishment singer-songwriter.
Nina Hagen : By this time, Hagen's public appearances frequently included discussions of God, UFOs, her social and political beliefs, animal rights and vivisection, and claims of alien sightings.
Nina Hagen : However, relations between Hagen and the other band members deteriorated over the course of the subsequent European tour, and Hagen decided to leave the band in 1979, though she was still under contract to produce a second album.
Nina Hagen : In 1983, she released the album "Angstlos" and a minor European tour.
Nina Hagen : The album "Return of the Mother" was released in February 2001, accompanied by another German tour.
Nina Hagen : In 2001 she collaborated with Rosenstolz and Marc Almond on the single "Total eclipse"/"Die schwarze Witwe" that reached No.
Nina Hagen : She also provided vocals to "Witness" and "Bereit" on KMFDM's "Adios".
Nina Hagen : It included the single "African Reggae" and "Wir Leben Immer... Noch", a German language cover of Lene Lovich's "Lucky Number".
Nina Hagen : At age four, she began to study ballet, and was considered an opera prodigy by the time she was nine.
Nina Hagen : This LP, "Unbehagen" (which in German also means "discomfort" or "unease"), was eventually produced with the band recording their tracks in Berlin and Hagen recording the vocals in Los Angeles.
Nina Hagen : In 1989, Hagen released the album, "Nina Hagen", which was backed up by another German tour.
Nina Hagen : Hagen also collaborated with electronic music composer Christopher Franke, along with Rick Palombi (credited as Rick Jude) on "Alchemy of Love", the theme song for the film "Tenchi Muyo!
Nina Hagen : She also acted with Dutch rocker Herman Brood and singer Lene Lovich in the 1979 film "Cha Cha".
Nina Hagen : Hagen dubbed the voice of Sally in the German release of Tim Burton's "The Nightmare before Christmas", Yubaba/Zeniba in "Spirited Away" and she has also done voice work on the movie "Hot Dogs" by Michael Schoemann.
Nina Hagen : In 1982, Hagen released her first English-language album: "NunSexMonkRock", a dissonant mix of punk, funk, reggae, and opera.
Nina Hagen : Catharina "Nina" Hagen (born 11 March 1955) is a German singer, songwriter, and actress.
Nina Hagen : 1995 brought the German-language album "Freud Euch", equally recorded in English as "BeeHappy" in 1996.
Nina Hagen : In 1999, she played the role of Celia Peachum in "The Threepenny Opera" by Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht, alongside Max Raabe.
Steffi Jones : One brother, Christian, has struggled with drug addiction; another brother, Frank, served as an American soldier in Iraq and lost both legs in an assault in 2006.
Steffi Jones : She won Olympic bronze for the second time at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Steffi Jones : From 1997, she won three consecutive European Championships and a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Steffi Jones : After retiring from active football, Jones worked as a football administrator, in charge of organising the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany, before becoming a manager.
Steffi Jones : A dual German and American citizen, Jones is the daughter of a German mother and an African-American father.
Steffi Jones : Stephanie Ann Jones (born 22 December 1972) is a German football manager and former player who last managed the German women's national team.
Amber Smith : She also had a role in "American Beauty".
Amber Smith : Smith started modeling by age 16.
Amber Smith : As a teenager she was represented by Irene Marie Models in Miami Beach and traveled to Paris, France, where she worked as a model throughout Europe for four years.
Amber Smith : Overall, she has played various roles in several 1990s feature films and television series.
Amber Smith : She also became the first model of the Wonderbra campaign.
Amber Smith : Her appearance, which marked a year and a half of sobriety for her, was aired in the third-season episode "Triggers".
Amber Smith : She also appeared in "The Funeral", directed by Abel Ferrara, and Barbra Streisand's "The Mirror Has Two Faces".
Amber Smith : She is the daughter of professional American football player Russ Smith and Carol Smith.
Amber Smith : She played Angelica, a Las Vegas entertainment consultant who plans activities for casinos' high-roller guests.
Amber Smith : She subsequently appeared in the 2009 VH1 series "Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew".
Amber Smith : Her biggest role to date has been as the star of the Cinemax TV series "Sin City Diaries", which debuted in 2007.
Amber Smith : Smith's name surfaced in connection with the January 2008 bankruptcy of the entertainment payroll firm Axium.
Amber Smith : In a January 2010 "TV Guide" story on "Celebrity Rehab", Dr. Drew Pinsky stated she was living with her mother in Los Angeles, and "doing stupendous work...She's someone who reaches out and is an inspiration and of service to other patients."
Amber Smith : Her breakthrough came when her naturally blonde hair was dyed red, giving her a strong resemblance to 1940s and '50s movie star Rita Hayworth.
Amber Smith : She played Susan Lefferts, a Rita Hayworth lookalike, in Curtis Hanson's "L.A.
Amber Smith : A lawsuit alleged the company's partners misused funds by renting a Los Angeles, California apartment for Smith, paying for her car and issuing "numerous large payments" to Smith, which they explained by calling her a "consultant" to the company.
Amber Smith : Smith's resemblance to Hayworth came into play again with a role in HBO's cable telefilm "The Rat Pack".
Amber Smith : During these appearances, she recounted hers and her mother's histories with addiction and co-dependency, which began when Smith was a teenager, and how her experiences with date rape and prostitution played a part in those addictions.
Amber Smith : She later posed for photographer Helmut Newton for a Wolford advertising campaign, and was the model for the 2002 lingerie campaign for Venus Victoria, the European sister company to Victoria's Secret.
Amber Smith : She has appeared in advertising for L'Oréal makeup, Buffalo Jeans, Camel cigarettes, Kahlúa liqueur, Volkswagen automobiles, and Panama Jack, among others, and has walked the runway for such fashion designers as Chanel and Jean Paul Gaultier.
Amber Smith : That same year, Smith and other alumni of "Celebrity Rehab" appeared as panel speakers to a new group of addicts at the Pasadena Recovery Center.
Amber Smith : She subsequently appeared in the 2009 series "Sober House", a "Celebrity Rehab" spin-off focusing on a sober living environment.
Amber Smith : Smith was cast in her first film role in Paul Mazursky's "Faithful", on a referral from Robert De Niro that stemmed from her "Casino" auditions.
Amber Smith : Smith appeared as a cast member during the second season of the VH1 television show "Celebrity Rehab", which depicted her 16-year struggle with opiate and alcohol addiction.
Amber Smith : Smith appeared in back-to-back issues of the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", and became "Esquire" magazine's first Vargas Girl of the 1990s.
Stockard Channing : Channing received several awards in 2002.
Stockard Channing : She was a recurring guest star for the show's first two seasons; she became a regular cast member in 2001.
Stockard Channing : She then made several films in quick succession: "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything!
Stockard Channing : Channing continued her return to the stage by teaming up again with playwright John Guare.
Stockard Channing : When her Hollywood career faltered after these failures, Channing returned to her theatre roots.
Stockard Channing : She studied History and Literature at Radcliffe College in Massachusetts and graduated "summa cum laude" in 1965.
Stockard Channing : She starred in the USA Network film "An Unexpected Family" in 1996 and in its sequel, "An Unexpected Life", in 1998.
Stockard Channing : Channing is an alumna of the Madeira School in McLean, Virginia, a boarding school for girls, which she attended after starting out at the Chapin School in New York City.
Stockard Channing : She married Walter Channing in 1963 and kept the amalgamated name "Stockard Channing" after they divorced in 1967.
Stockard Channing : She was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award as Best Supporting Female for her performance as one-half of an infertile couple in "The Baby Dance" (also 1998).
Stockard Channing : During this period, Channing voiced Barbara Gordon in the animated series, "Batman Beyond".
Stockard Channing : In 1971, she made her Broadway debut in "Two Gentlemen of Verona — The Musical", working with playwright John Guare.
Stockard Channing : She won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her work on "The West Wing".
Stockard Channing : Channing received the 2002 London Film Critics Circle Award (ALFS) for Best Actress of the Year for her role in the film "The Business of Strangers".
Stockard Channing : In the seventh and final season of "The West Wing" (2005–2006), Channing appeared in only four episodes (including the series finale) because she was co-starring (with Henry Winkler) in the CBS sitcom "Out of Practice" at the same time.
Stockard Channing : That same year, she also won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress in a Television Movie or Miniseries for her portrayal of Judy Shepard in "The Matthew Shepard Story", a docudrama about Matthew Shepard's life and murder.
Stockard Channing : Channing was born in Manhattan, the daughter of Mary Alice (née English; 1910–2007), who came from a large Brooklyn Irish Catholic family, and Lester Napier Stockard (died 1960), who was in the shipping business.
Stockard Channing : Channing started her acting career with the experimental Theatre Company of Boston; she performed in the group's Off-Broadway 1969 production of the Elaine May play "Adaptation/Next".
Stockard Channing : In 1977, at the age of 33, Channing was cast for the role of high school teenager Betty Rizzo in the hit musical "Grease".
Stockard Channing : Julie Newmar" as Carol Ann and "Smoke" (both 1995); a cameo appearance in "The First Wives Club"; "Up Close and Personal" (as Marcia Mcgrath); and "Moll Flanders" (all 1996).
Stockard Channing : Stockard Channing (born Susan Williams Antonia Stockard; February 13, 1944) is an American actress.
Stockard Channing : On stage, she performed at Lincoln Center in Tom Stoppard's "Hapgood" (1995) and in the 1997 revival of Lillian Hellman's "The Little Foxes".
Stockard Channing : Channing starred in two short-lived sitcoms on CBS in 1979 and 1980: "Stockard Channing in Just Friends" and "The Stockard Channing Show".
Stockard Channing : After a few small parts in feature films, Channing co-starred with Warren Beatty and Jack Nicholson in Mike Nichols' "The Fortune" (1975).
Stockard Channing : She received Tony Award nominations for her performances in his plays, "The House of Blue Leaves" (1986) and "Six Degrees of Separation" (1990), for which she also won an Obie Award.
Stockard Channing : She was nominated for an Emmy Award for the CBS miniseries "Echoes in the Darkness" (1987) and won a CableACE Award for the Harvey Fierstein-scripted "Tidy Endings" (HBO, 1988).
Stockard Channing : Channing was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress three times in the 1990s: in 1991, for "Six Degrees of Separation"; in 1992, for "Four Baboons Adoring the Sun"; and in 1999, for "The Lion in Winter".
Rebekah Brooks : They divorced in 2009 and she married former racehorse trainer and author Charlie Brooks.
Rebekah Brooks : On 17 July 2011, Brooks was arrested by police on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications and on suspicion of corruption allegations.
Rebekah Brooks : In 1998, she transferred to the "News of the World"s daily counterpart, "The Sun" for a short time.
Rebekah Brooks : Brooks became engaged to actor Ross Kemp (best known for portraying the character Grant Mitchell in "EastEnders") in 1996, and married him in June 2002 in Las Vegas.
Rebekah Brooks : In September 2015 Brooks was reappointed as CEO of News UK, the renamed News International.
Rebekah Brooks : Rebekah Mary Brooks (; born 27 May 1968) is a British journalist and former newspaper editor.
Rebekah Brooks : After school she worked for the French magazine "L'architecture d'aujourd'hui" in Paris, before returning to Britain to work for Eddy Shah's Messenger Group.
Rebekah Brooks : In January 2003, she returned to "The Sun", replacing her former boss David Yelland, to become its first female editor.
Rebekah Brooks : She then returned to the "News of the World" in 2000 as editor; at the time, she was the youngest editor of a national British newspaper.
Rebekah Brooks : She joined the Sunday newspaper "News of the World" in 1989 as a secretary, before working as a feature writer for its Sunday magazine, eventually becoming the paper's deputy editor.
Kasumi Ishikawa : Her aggressive attacking style coupled with formidable speed were developed there.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She is also the first ever Japanese to have reached the semi-finals of the tournament.
Kasumi Ishikawa : In 2011, she won the national singles title at the age of 17.
Kasumi Ishikawa : In the autumn of her first year of primary school, a special practice area in their house was erected to help her train more rigorously.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She practiced with all-Japan-Class players until late at night including holidays.
Kasumi Ishikawa : This was her first ever Olympics participation and despite her young age of 19, she was seeded no.
Kasumi Ishikawa : Since 2007, she has won the All Japan Table Tennis Championships – female junior division; four years in a row.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She is currently ranked 6th in the ITTF women's world ranking as of July 2012 but has achieved ranking as high as 5th.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She quickly rose through the world rankings in recent years and managed to secure a place to compete at the London 2012 Olympics.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She first got public attention when she managed to defeat high school and even university students much older than her in her first ever All Japan Table Tennis Championships.
Kasumi Ishikawa : Her mother, Kumi Ishikawa, had played at the national level.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She competed at the 2009 World Table Tennis Championships, reaching the quarter final of the singles competition.
Kasumi Ishikawa : After graduating from primary school, Ishikawa decided to live away from home and devote herself to table tennis.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She began working towards the Olympics and played in international tournaments representing her club; ZEN-NOH, Japan.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She is now the best female table tennis player in Japan after managing to overtake Ai Fukuhara in rankings.
Kasumi Ishikawa : However, Japan failed to beat China in the finals but got their first ever silver medal in table tennis.
Kasumi Ishikawa : Her talent for table tennis was due partly to her parents, both former players, who gave Ishikawa special training since she was young.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She has a younger sister, Rira, who is also a professional table tennis player, while her mother Kumi Ishikawa is her current coach.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She entered Shitennoji Habikigaoka Middle School, and then Shitennoji High School in Osaka Prefecture.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She was also nicknamed Ai-Chan II, a comparison to fellow athlete Ai Fukuhara, who also started playing table tennis at a young age.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She also represented Japan in the women's singles event, where she crashed out of the tournament after suffering a cramp in her leg, losing 4–3 to North Korea's Kim Song-i in their third-round match.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She won bronze with the Japanese Olympic team in Rio de Janeiro 2016, beating together with Ai Fukuhara and Mima Ito on her side the team from Singapore.
Kasumi Ishikawa : In the bronze medal play-off, she lost out to Feng Tianwei of Singapore.
Kasumi Ishikawa : She reached the semi-finals of the Women's Singles at the London 2012 Olympics but lost out to eventual gold medal winner; Li Xiaoxia of China.
Kasumi Ishikawa : The wins together with Ai Fukuhara overcoming Feng Tianwei in the first game brought Japan to their first table tennis finals in the Olympics in three straight matches.
Kasumi Ishikawa : In the third Double's game, she paired up with Sayaka Hirano to overcome Wang Yuegu and Li Jiawei in three straight games as well.
Kasumi Ishikawa : At the Women's Team Event semi-finals, Kasumi Ishikawa helped Japan to overcome Singapore by defeating her quarter-finals opponent in the Single's, Wang Yuegu in three straight games.
Martial Gayant : Martial Gayant (born 16 November 1962 in Chauny) is a former French cyclist, now a team captain of .
Becky Sauerbrunn : Rebecca Elizabeth Sauerbrunn (born June 6, 1985) is an American soccer player for the Utah Royals FC of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), the highest division of women's professional soccer in the United States, and the United States women's national soccer team.
Azar Nafisi : In the book, she declares "I left Iran, but Iran did not leave me."
Azar Nafisi : She also taught novels by F. Scott Fitzgerald, Henry James and Jane Austen, attempting to understand and interpret them from a modern Iranian perspective.
Azar Nafisi : Over the next two years, she invited several of her female students to attend regular meetings at her house, every Thursday morning.
Azar Nafisi : They discussed their place as women within post-revolutionary Iranian society and studied literary works, including some considered "controversial" by the regime, such as "Lolita" alongside other works such as "Madame Bovary".
Azar Nafisi : She is the daughter of Nezhat and Ahmad Nafisi, a former mayor of Tehran (1961–1963), who was the youngest man ever appointed to the post at that time.
Azar Nafisi : Nafisi returned to Iran in 1979, after the Iranian Revolution, where for a time she taught English literature at Tehran University, where she stayed during eighteen years struggling against the implementation of the revolution's ideas and procedures.
Azar Nafisi : Azar Nafisi is best known for her 2003 book "Reading Lolita in Tehran: A Memoir in Books", which remained on the New York Times Bestseller list for 117 weeks, and has won several literary awards, including the 2004 Non-fiction Book of the Year Award from Booksense.
Azar Nafisi : Nafisi left Iran on June 24, 1997, and moved to the United States, where she wrote "Reading Lolita in Tehran: A Memoir in Books", a book where she describes her experiences as a secular woman living and working in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Azar Nafisi : Nafisi has been a visiting fellow and lecturer at the Foreign Policy Institute of Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) and served on the Board of Trustees of Freedom House.
Eva Herzigová : The couple divorced in June 1998.<ref>
Eva Herzigová : After arriving in Paris, her popularity increased.
Eva Herzigová : She was also featured in Guess?
Eva Herzigová : She began her modeling career after winning a modeling beauty contest in Prague in 1989, at the age of sixteen.
Eva Herzigová : Eva Herzigová (born 10 March 1973) is a Czech-Italian supermodel and actress.
Eva Herzigová : Her first important appearance was as the model for the first Wonderbra campaign.
Eva Herzigová : jeans campaigns, the Victoria's Secret catalog and "Sports Illustrated".
Eva Herzigová : Herzigová married Tico Torres, the drummer from Bon Jovi, in September 1996.
Eva Herzigová : Herzigová posed for the August 2004 edition of "Playboy".
Eva Herzigová : She has also walked for designers including Louis Vuitton, Benedetta Dubini, Giles Deacon, Emilio Pucci and Versace.
Melissa McCarthy : I feel like there's a big thing missing where you can't dress to your mood above a certain number.
Melissa McCarthy : Malls segregate "plus-size" clothes stores and hide these stores away from other sections of the mall."
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy states that "People don't stop at size 12.
Melissa McCarthy : The couple have two daughters, Vivian, born May 2007, and Georgette, born March 2010.
Melissa McCarthy : She was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in June 2012 along with 175 others.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy received an Academy Award nomination for her performance.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy was raised on a farm in a large Catholic family.
Melissa McCarthy : She is a cousin of actress and model Jenny McCarthy and professional basketball player Joanne McCarthy.
Melissa McCarthy : She also worked in three episodes of "Kim Possible", voicing DNAmy.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy's character loses her job and her car, and then learns that her husband has been unfaithful.
Melissa McCarthy : "Identity Thief" opened at #1 at the box office, and grossed $174 million worldwide despite negative reviews..
Melissa McCarthy : To get away, she is forced to rely on her alcoholic grandmother (Susan Sarandon) for transportation as they embark on a journey of self-discovery.
Melissa McCarthy : She graduated from St. Francis Academy (now Joliet Catholic Academy) in Joliet, Illinois.
Melissa McCarthy : She was nominated five times for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her appearances on the television show from 2011–2017, winning in 2017.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy and her husband Ben Falcone are the founders of the production company On the Day Productions, under which they have collaborated on several comedy films.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy produced a CBS pilot which starred her husband, Ben Falcone.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy co-wrote the script for the movie "Tammy", which was released on July 2, 2014.
Melissa McCarthy : The film was released in the United States and Canada on June 28, 2013 to both critical and commercial success.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy is an alumna of The Groundlings, an improvisational and sketch comedy troupe based in Los Angeles, California.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy married her longtime boyfriend, Ben Falcone, an actor and alumnus of The Groundlings, on October 8, 2005.
Melissa McCarthy : In 2007, she starred opposite Ryan Reynolds in the science fantasy psychological thriller "The Nines", written and directed by John August.
Melissa McCarthy : In August 2015, "Forbes" ranked her as the third highest-paid actress of 2015, with earnings of $23 million.
Melissa McCarthy : She played Dena on the ABC sitcom "Samantha Who?"
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy gained critical acclaim for her performance in the comedy film "Bridesmaids" (2011), receiving a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Melissa McCarthy : Falcone often makes cameo appearances in McCarthy's movies and TV series, such as a third-season episode of "Gilmore Girls", "The Nines", "Bridesmaids", "The Heat", "Tammy", "Identity Thief", "Spy", "The Boss", "Life of the Party", "The Happytime Murders", and "Can You Ever Forgive Me?."
Melissa McCarthy : (2007–2009) before starring as Molly Flynn on the CBS sitcom "Mike & Molly" (2010–2016), for which she received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 2011.
Melissa McCarthy : Melissa Ann McCarthy (born August 26, 1970) is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and fashion designer.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy was born in Plainfield, Illinois to Sandra and Michael McCarthy.
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy made her first television appearance in an episode of the NBC comedy series "Jenny", opposite her cousin Jenny McCarthy.
Melissa McCarthy : In fall 2011, after achieving fame from "Bridesmaids", she received her first Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role on "Mike & Molly".
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy later had supporting roles in "This Is 40" (2012), the spinoff to Judd Apatow's film "Knocked Up", and "The Hangover Part III" (2013).
Melissa McCarthy : She made her feature film debut in a minor role in the 1999 comedy "Go", and later had roles in the movies "Drowning Mona", "Disney's The Kid", "Charlie's Angels", "The Third Wheel" and "The Life of David Gale".
Melissa McCarthy : In 2013, McCarthy co-starred with Sandra Bullock in the buddy cop comedy "The Heat".
Melissa McCarthy : McCarthy began appearing in television and film in the late 1990s, and first gained recognition for her role as Sookie St. James on the television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–2007).
Melissa McCarthy : In 2015, she launched her own clothing line for plus-sized women, named Melissa McCarthy Seven7, and she received a motion picture star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Melissa McCarthy : In 2011, McCarthy had a breakout performance in the comedy movie "Bridesmaids" alongside Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Rose Byrne, Wendi McLendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper.
Melissa McCarthy : On September 20, 2010, McCarthy was cast in a leading role on the CBS sitcom "Mike & Molly".
Melissa McCarthy : In 2000, McCarthy was cast as Sookie St. James, the upbeat and klutzy best friend of Lorelai Gilmore, on The WB television series "Gilmore Girls".
Zdeňka Vávrová : However, later images by Charles T. Kowal showed a coma.
Zdeňka Vávrová : She co-discovered periodic comet 134P/Kowal-Vávrová.
Zdeňka Vávrová : Zdeňka Vávrová (born 1945) is a Czech astronomer.
Zdeňka Vávrová : The Florian main-belt asteroid 3364 Zdenka, discovered by Antonín Mrkos in 1984, was named in her honor and for the 20 years she had been participating in Kleť Observatory's minor planet astrometry program.
Tirunesh Dibaba : After becoming pregnant with her first child, Dibaba announced on 5 November that she would skip the 2015 season.
Tirunesh Dibaba : She was raised in the high-altitude Arsi Province in Ethiopia but has lived in Addis Ababa, the capital, since 2000.
Tirunesh Dibaba : At age 19, she became the youngest-ever medalist for Ethiopia at the Olympics.
Tirunesh Dibaba : Tirunesh comes from an athletic family.
Tirunesh Dibaba : Dibaba made her marathon debut at the 2014 London Marathon.
Tirunesh Dibaba : At the 2005 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki Finland, she became the first women to win the 5000 m and 10000m at the same championship.
Tirunesh Dibaba : In Paris at her World Championships debut, Dibaba won the 5000 metres in a sprint finish against Marta Dominguez of Spain and Edith Masai of Kenya.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her children followed her example.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her success has also been recognized by groups representing her heritage.
Mary Higgins Clark : "Where Are the Children?"
Mary Higgins Clark : For the first time in many years, she had no immediate financial worries.
Mary Higgins Clark : Many of the books deal with crimes involving children or with telepathy.
Mary Higgins Clark : The other members would then have three minutes each to offer constructive criticism.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark credits his recovery to the power of their prayers.
Mary Higgins Clark : ", in its seventy-fifth printing.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark continued writing even during these hard times.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark accepted the somewhat unorthodox proposal.
Mary Higgins Clark : became a bestseller and was favorably reviewed.
Mary Higgins Clark : In one night, Higgins Clark lost both her husband and her mother-in-law.
Mary Higgins Clark : A third child, David, was born two years after his brother.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark has won numerous awards for her writing.
Mary Higgins Clark : By the late 1960s, the short story market had collapsed.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her work was good enough that she was soon asked to write two other radio series.
Mary Higgins Clark : She soon enrolled in evening classes to learn more about advertising and promotion.
Mary Higgins Clark : For many years she also served on the board of directors of the Mystery Writers of America.
Mary Higgins Clark : One of her flights became the last flight allowed into Czechoslovakia before the Iron Curtain fell.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark began writing at an early age.
Mary Higgins Clark : She described her second marriage (1978-1986) to Raymond Ploetz as "disastrous," and had it annulled.
Mary Higgins Clark : She has also been named a Bronx Legend (1999).
Mary Higgins Clark : She began keeping a journal when she was seven years old, noting in her first entry, "Nothing much happened today."
Mary Higgins Clark : She supplemented the family's income by writing short stories.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark herself filmed a television commercial for Fab laundry detergent.
Mary Higgins Clark : To ensure that her children would not have to struggle financially, Higgins Clark was determined that they should have good educations.
Mary Higgins Clark : Because she had a press pass she was able to join the media waiting to hear the President's prognosis.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark's father was forced to lay off several employees and work longer hours, spending no more than a few hours at home each day.
Mary Higgins Clark : Despite the dire predictions of the doctors, Joseph Higgins survived.
Mary Higgins Clark : John J Conheeney died at age 89 on October 8, 2018.
Mary Higgins Clark : Young Patty served as a Gerber Baby, while David was featured in a national United Way ad.
Mary Higgins Clark : Very quickly after the novel, "Where are the Children?"
Mary Higgins Clark : At each meeting two members would have twenty minutes each to present their latest work.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark died in Naples, Florida on January 31, 2020, at age 92.
Mary Higgins Clark : When the doctor finally arrived to start the press conference, Higgins Clark was one of the few people chosen to ask a question.
Mary Higgins Clark : Despite the security offered by her new job, money was tight in the beginning as she strove to raise five children aged five to thirteen alone.
Mary Higgins Clark : To pay the bills, Higgins Clark was forced to move out of her bedroom so that her mother could rent it out to paying boarders.
Mary Higgins Clark : In her memoir she recalls spending much time eavesdropping on Tennessee Williams but complained that he never said anything interesting.
Mary Higgins Clark : Finally, in 1956, after six years and forty rejections, "Extension Magazine" agreed to purchase the story for $100.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her suspense novels became very popular, and have sold more than 100 million copies in the United States alone.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark has over 50 novels published, with millions of copies sold throughout the United States.
Mary Higgins Clark : The Franciscan Friars have given her a Graymoor Award (1999) and she has been awarded a Christopher Life Achievement Award.
Mary Higgins Clark : Through the writer's workshop she met an agent, Patricia Schartle Myrer, who represented Higgins Clark for twenty years until her retirement.
Mary Higgins Clark : While Higgins Clark is well aware that many people claiming to be psychics are behaving fraudulently, she believes that she has met people with genuine ESP powers.
Mary Higgins Clark : To help pay the bills, she worked as a switchboard operator at the Shelton Hotel, where she often listened in to the residents' conversations.
Mary Higgins Clark : For most of 1949, she worked the Pan Am international flights, traveling through Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her younger brother John, followed three years later.
Mary Higgins Clark : Six months after his enlistment he contracted spinal meningitis and died.
Mary Higgins Clark : The family lived off the earnings from their Irish pub and were fairly well-off, owning a home in the Bronx and a summer cottage on Long Island Sound.
Mary Higgins Clark : David is the president and CEO of Talk Marketing Enterprises, Inc, and Carol has authored many popular suspense novels.
Mary Higgins Clark : Each of her 51 books was a bestseller in the United States and various European countries, and all of her novels remained in print , with her debut suspense novel, "Where Are the Children?
Mary Higgins Clark : She has been awarded eighteen honorary doctorates, including one from her alma mater, Fordham University.
Mary Higgins Clark : His mother, who was visiting at the time, collapsed at his bedside upon discovering that he was dead.
Mary Higgins Clark : The commercial, which aired during the "I Love Lucy" show, earned her enough money that she and Warren were able to take a trip to Hawaii.
Mary Higgins Clark : Nora Higgins, now a widow with three young children to support, soon discovered that few employers were willing to hire a 52-year-old woman who had not held a job in over fourteen years.
Mary Higgins Clark : To temporarily forget her heartache, Higgins Clark threw herself into her writing, and soon finished the novel.
Mary Higgins Clark : The two eldest, Marilyn and Warren, have become judges, and Patty works at the Mercantile Exchange in New York City.
Mary Higgins Clark : There, the principal and other teachers encouraged Higgins Clark to develop her writing, although they were somewhat less than pleased when she began spending her class time writing stories instead of paying attention to the lesson.
Mary Higgins Clark : This experience of fitting an entire sketch into four minutes taught Higgins Clark how to write cleanly and succinctly, traits that are incredibly important to a suspense novel, which must advance the plot with every paragraph.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although she enjoyed her job, Higgins Clark's imagination was sparked by an acquaintance's casual comment, "God, it was beastly hot in Calcutta."
Mary Higgins Clark : In 1981, Higgins Clark happened to be in Washington, D.C., the day President Ronald Reagan was shot.
Mary Higgins Clark : At sixteen, Higgins Clark made her first attempt at publishing her work, sending an entry to "True Confessions," which was rejected.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her books are also bestsellers in France, and have earned her the distinction of being named a Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters in France in 2000.
Mary Higgins Clark : The family was thrown into further turmoil in 1939, when young Mary returned home from an early Mass to discover that her father had died in his sleep.
Mary Higgins Clark : After completing her coursework the following year, she accepted a job as the secretary to the head of the creative department in the internal advertising division at Remington Rand.
Mary Higgins Clark : Encouraged by her agent to try writing another book, Higgins Clark returned to the suspense stories that she loved as a child and which had provided her first success as a short story writer.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark and her mother prayed constantly for him, and their neighbors came en masse to give blood for the many transfusions the young boy needed.
Mary Higgins Clark : To occupy herself, she began taking writing courses at NYU and, with some of her classmates, formed a writing workshop in which the members would critique each other's works-in-progress.
Mary Higgins Clark : To scrape up the $5000 she needed to start the business, Higgins Clark was forced to pawn her engagement ring, and, for the eight months it took the company to become profitable, she did not receive a salary, further straining the family finances.
Mary Higgins Clark : She serves as a board member for the Catholic Communal Fund and as a member of the Board of Governors at Hackensack Hospital.
Mary Higgins Clark : While she was in the midst of writing the story, her younger brother Johnny died, leaving her the sole surviving member of her family.
Mary Higgins Clark : Nora Higgins, on looking at a photo of her eighteen-year-old son in his brand new Navy dress blues told Mary that "He has death in his eyes", and the young man died shortly after.
Mary Higgins Clark : In 1959, Warren Clark was diagnosed with severe angina, and, although he curtailed his activities on his doctor's order, he suffered within the next five years, each time returning from the hospital in poorer health.
Mary Higgins Clark : Mary Higgins Clark has served as the Chairman of the International Crime Congress in 1988 and was the 1987 president of the Mystery Writers of America.
Mary Higgins Clark : When Joseph graduated from high school in 1944, he immediately enlisted in the Navy, both to serve his country during war and to help his mother pay her bills.
Mary Higgins Clark : Because her short stories were no longer able to find a publisher, Higgins Clark's agent suggested that she try writing a full-length novel.
Mary Higgins Clark : The day that she accepted a job writing the radio segment "Portrait of a Patriot," Warren suffered a fatal heart attack.
Mary Higgins Clark : By the end of the evening Warren Clark had informed her that he thought she should work as a stewardess for a year, and then they should be married the following Christmas.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her debut novel, a fictionalized account of the life of George Washington, did not sell well, and she decided to exploit her love of mystery/suspense novels.
Mary Higgins Clark : By the time Higgins Clark was ten, however, the family began to experience financial trouble, as many of their customers were unable to pay the bar tabs they had run up.
Mary Higgins Clark : During this time Higgins Clark became increasingly frustrated with her employer, and, although two of her children were partially dependent on her for their college tuition, she quit her job and joined two of her former colleagues in forming their own company to write and market radio scripts.
Mary Higgins Clark : After the last heart attack in 1964, they felt that Warren would be unable to work again, so Higgins Clark called a friend who wrote scripts for radio shows to see if there were any job openings.
Mary Higgins Clark : Six months after their father's death, Higgins Clark's older brother cut his foot on a piece of metal and contracted severe osteomyelitis.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although it was sold for only a small advance, its acceptance gave Higgins Clark confidence that she could indeed finish a full-length book and find a publisher.
Mary Higgins Clark : Inspired to become a flight attendant like her acquaintance, Higgins Clark underwent rigorous interviews to earn a position as a flight attendant (then known as stewardess) for Pan American Airlines, making five dollars fewer a week than her secretarial job.
Mary Higgins Clark : The American Irish Historical Society granted her the Gold Medal of Honor in 1993, and in 2001 she won the Ellis Island Medal of Honor.
Mary Higgins Clark : On another of her flights, Higgins Clark escorted a four-year-old orphan down the steps of the airplane into the waiting arms of her adoptive mother, a scene that was heavily televised.
Mary Higgins Clark : For their first Christmas without Warren, Higgins Clark's only gifts to her children were personalized poems describing the things she wished she could have purchased for them.
Mary Higgins Clark : On her days off, Higgins Clark would window shop, mentally choosing the clothes she would wear when she finally became a famous writer.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark was made a Dame of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, and has also been honored as a Dame of Malta and a Dame of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre.
Mary Higgins Clark : Even as a small child, she was interested in writing, composing her first poem at age seven and often crafting short plays for her friends to enact.
Mary Higgins Clark : Using her research and experience with the "Portraits of a Patriot" series, Higgins Clark spent the next three years writing a fictionalized account of the relationship between George and Martha Washington, "Aspire to the Heavens".
Mary Higgins Clark : The announcement that an award would be given in her honor was made at the 55th Annual Edgar Allan Poe Awards, where Higgins Clark was inducted as a Grand Master.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although her professor offered high praise for the story, Higgins Clark was continually frustrated in her attempts to find a publisher.
Mary Higgins Clark : She has also been honored in France with the Grand Prix de Littérature Policière (1980) and the Deauville Film Festival Literary Award (1999).
Mary Higgins Clark : After her husband died in 1964, Higgins Clark worked for many years writing four-minute radio scripts until her agent persuaded her to try writing novels.
Mary Higgins Clark : Two months after Higgins Clark's short story sold, the fourth baby made her appearance and was promptly named Carol, after the heroine in her mother's story.
Mary Higgins Clark : After selling that first short story, Higgins Clark began regularly finding homes for her works.
Mary Higgins Clark : Despite Higgins Clark's contribution to the family finances, the money her mother earned babysitting was not enough, and the family lost their house and moved into a small three-room apartment.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although at the time she laughed off the prediction, the following week her novel reached the bestseller lists and she sold the movie rights shortly after, truly launching her career.
Mary Higgins Clark : In 1996, she married John J. Conheeney after they were introduced by her daughter, Patty.
Mary Higgins Clark : To provide a good example she entered Fordham University at Lincoln Center in 1971, graduating summa cum laude in 1979, with a BA in philosophy.
Mary Higgins Clark : Two years after its publication Higgins Clark sold her second suspense novel for $1.5 million.
Mary Higgins Clark : At the end of her year of flying, on December 26, 1949, Higgins Clark happily gave up her career to marry Warren Clark.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her growing skills, as well as her natural beauty, were noticed by her boss and others in the company, and her job was expanded to include writing catalog copy (alongside future novelist Joseph Heller) and to model for the company brochures with a then unknown Grace Kelly.
Mary Higgins Clark : Soon after Joseph died, Higgins Clark graduated from high school and attended Wood Secretarial School on a partial scholarship.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark's initial contract to be a radio scriptwriter obligated her to write 65 four-minute programs for the "Portrait of a Patriot" series.
Mary Higgins Clark : Three months later, in July 1974, Higgins Clark received word that the paperback rights for the novel had sold for one hundred thousand dollars.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although the Great Depression began when Higgins Clark was still a baby, her family was initially not affected, and even insisted on feeding the men who knocked on their door looking for work.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her supervisor at Remington Rand hosted a goodbye dinner for her, and Higgins Clark invited her neighbor, Warren Clark, whom she had admired for years, to be her date.
Mary Higgins Clark : Although the family mourned Joseph's death deeply, as his dependent, Nora was guaranteed a life pension and no longer needed her daughter's help to pay the bills.
Mary Higgins Clark : The novel "was remaindered as it came off the press," and, to make matters worse, four months after the publication of the novel, Mary's mother, Nora, died.
Mary Higgins Clark : After several years working as a secretary and copy editor, she spent a year as a stewardess for Pan-American Airlines before leaving her job to marry and start a family.
Mary Higgins Clark : Her daughter Carol Higgins Clark and former daughter-in-law Mary Jane Clark, are also writers.
Mary Higgins Clark : When Higgins Clark graduated from Saint Francis Xavier Grammar School, she received a scholarship to continue her education at the Villa Maria Academy, a school run by the nuns of the Congregation de Notre Dame de Montreal.
Mary Higgins Clark : Simon & Schuster, which have published all of Higgins Clark's novels and in the late 1990s signed her to a $64-million, four-book contract, have funded the Mary Higgins Clark Award, given by the Mystery Writers of America to authors of suspense fiction.
Mary Higgins Clark : In 2001, the hardcover edition of Higgins Clark's "On the Street Where You Live" was Number One on the "New York Times" Hardcover Bestseller list at the same time that the paperback version of her novel "Before I Say Good-bye" reached Number One on the "New York Times" Paperback Bestseller list.
Mary Higgins Clark : Their first child, Marilyn, was born nine months after their wedding, with Warren Jr. arriving thirteen months later.
Mary Higgins Clark : In 2006, she announced that she would be fulfilling one of her dreams by publishing her first children's book.
Mary Higgins Clark : In addition to those previously referenced, she has won the Horatio Alger Award (1997) and the Passionists' Ethics in Literature Award (2002), as well as the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University Spirit of Achievement Award (1994) and the National Arts Club's Gold Medal in Education (1994).
Mary Higgins Clark : "The Saturday Evening Post", which in 1960 named Higgins Clark's short story "Beauty Contest at Buckingham" one of their ten best of the year, was in serious financial straits and had decided to stop publishing fiction, and many of the popular ladies' were focusing on self-help articles instead.
Mary Higgins Clark : Mary Theresa Eleanor Higgins was born on Christmas Eve 1927, although some sources mistakenly cite 1929 as the year, the second child and only daughter of Nora C. (Durkin) and Luke Joseph Higgins.
Mary Higgins Clark : Higgins Clark's debut novel about George Washington, "Aspire to the Heavens" was retitled "Mount Vernon Love Story" and rereleased in 2002, the same year as her autobiography, "Kitchen Privileges", which relied heavily on the journals she has kept all of her life.
Zuzana Licko : Both are Licko's personal interpretations of their historical models and each features extensive ligatures.
Zuzana Licko : While at Berkeley, Licko took a calligraphy class, which was her least favorite because she had to write with her right hand even though she was left handed.
Zuzana Licko : Zuzana Licko (born Zuzana Ličko, 1961) is a Slovak-born American type designer known for co-founding the graphic design magazine "Emigre" and for creating numerous typefaces, including Mrs Eaves.
Zuzana Licko : In an interview featured in "Eye", Licko described her creative relationship with her husband Rudy Vanderlans:
Zuzana Licko : When she started her university education, her goal was to earn a degree in architecture, but she changed to a visual studies major because she believed becoming an architect was too similar to going to business school.
Zuzana Licko : The first font she created was designed in the Greek alphabet for her father.
Zuzana Licko : Licko and her husband Rudy VanderLans won the Chrysler Design Award in 1994.
Zuzana Licko : In the mid-1990s, Licko worked on two notable revivals: Mrs Eaves, based on Baskerville, and Filosofia, based on Bodoni.
Famke Janssen : In addition to her native Dutch, Janssen speaks English and French.
Famke Janssen : She reprised her role in the final two episodes of the series.
Famke Janssen : In the early 1990s, she enrolled at Columbia University to study creative writing and literature.
Famke Janssen : For that role, she won a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Famke Janssen : Janssen also provided the Dutch language narration for the Studio Tram Tour at all Disney theme parks.
Famke Janssen : On 28 January 2008, she was appointed a Goodwill Ambassador for Integrity for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime at a United Nations anticorruption conference held in Nusa Dua, Bali.
Famke Janssen : In 2002, Janssen landed the role of villainess Serleena in "Men in Black II", but had to abandon the film due to a death in her family and was replaced by Lara Flynn Boyle.
Famke Janssen : At the end of the film, she is killed by Wolverine (played by Hugh Jackman), who only does it because Jean asks him to, not wanting to hurt anyone when Phoenix is in control.
Famke Janssen : She also appeared in "Lord of Illusions" with Scott Bakula.
Famke Janssen : In the late 1990s, she also appeared in "The Faculty", "Rounders", "Deep Rising", and "House on Haunted Hill".
Famke Janssen : Her first film role was alongside Jeff Goldblum in the 1992 crime drama film "Fathers & Sons".
Famke Janssen : In 2007, she starred in "Turn the River", for which she was awarded the Special Recognition Best Actress Award at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
Famke Janssen : She later reprised the role in the 2003 sequel, "X2", where her character shows signs of increasing powers, but at the end of the film, she is presumably killed.
Famke Janssen : That same year, Janssen was offered the role of Jadzia Dax in "", but turned it down to pursue film roles.
Famke Janssen : In the film, Wolverine went back in time and changed the course of the future, the result being that the events of the third movie, including the deaths of Jean Grey and Cyclops, never happened.
Famke Janssen : Janssen was married to writer and director Kip Williams, son of architect Tod Williams, from 1995 to 2000.
Famke Janssen : She signed with Elite Model Management and worked for Yves Saint Laurent, Giorgio Armani, Chanel, and Victoria's Secret.
Famke Janssen : In 2014, Janssen reprised her role of Jean Grey in a brief cameo for "", as did a few of the original actors from the first three films, including Halle Berry, Kelsey Grammer, Anna Paquin, and James Marsden.
Famke Janssen : Janssen has starred in the Netflix original horror thriller television series "Hemlock Grove" since 2013, wherein she plays the role of family matriarch Olivia Godfrey.
Famke Janssen : After retiring from modelling in the early 1990s, Janssen had guest roles on several television series, including a starring role in the 1992 "" episode "The Perfect Mate", as empathic metamorph Kamala, opposite Patrick Stewart, with whom she later starred in the "X-Men" film series.
Famke Janssen : Famke Beumer Janssen was born in Amstelveen in the Netherlands.
Famke Janssen : She returned as Jean in the 2013 film "The Wolverine" as a hallucination of Wolverine's.
Famke Janssen : In 2011, Janssen made her directorial début with the drama "Bringing Up Bobby".
Famke Janssen : In 1995, Janssen appeared in Pierce Brosnan's first James Bond film, "GoldenEye", as "femme fatale" Xenia Onatopp.
Famke Janssen : Famke Beumer Janssen (; born ) is a Dutch actress, director, screenwriter, and former fashion model.
Famke Janssen : In 2000, Janssen played superhero Dr. Jean Grey in the Marvel Studios film "X-Men".
Famke Janssen : She has two sisters, director Antoinette Beumer and actress Marjolein Beumer, both of whom changed their surnames to simply Beumer after their parents divorced.
Belinda Carlisle : !
Belinda Carlisle : 23 in January 1991.
Belinda Carlisle : 10 in the UK.
Belinda Carlisle : "I just thought, 'I know I don't look like myself anymore.'"
Belinda Carlisle : Carlisle was the first of seven siblings, with three brothers and three sisters.
Belinda Carlisle : They have one son, James Duke Mason, who was born in 1992.
Belinda Carlisle : Carlisle's first solo album "Belinda" was released in 1986, also on I.R.S.
Belinda Carlisle : The Go-Go's disbanded in 1985 and Carlisle embarked on a solo career.
Belinda Carlisle : The promotional video was directed by Academy Award-winning American actress Diane Keaton.
Belinda Carlisle : The second single from the album was the Diane Warren-penned "I Get Weak", which peaked at No.
Belinda Carlisle : Carlisle's first venture into music was in 1977 as drummer for the punk rock band the Germs, under the name Dottie Danger.
Belinda Carlisle : In 1986, Carlisle married political operative and film producer Morgan Mason, son of actor James Mason.
Belinda Carlisle : The musical style of 1987's "Heaven on Earth" eschewed the 1960s-influenced pop of Carlisle's first album in favor of slickly produced 1980s power-pop.
Belinda Carlisle : The third single from the album was "Circle in the Sand", another Top 10 hit in the United States, the UK, and Germany.
Belinda Carlisle : Belinda Jo Carlisle (born August 17, 1958) is an American singer, musician, and author.
Belinda Carlisle : The album's first single, "Heaven Is a Place on Earth", topped the single charts in the United States and the UK, with the dance mix of the song also topping the "Billboard" dance chart in the United States.
Svetlana Gannushkina : Gannushkina is a member of the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights.
Svetlana Gannushkina : She is also on the council of Memorial, a society dedicated to the remembrance of victims of Soviet repression.
Svetlana Gannushkina : Gannushkina worked for many years as a professor of mathematics at a Moscow university.
Svetlana Gannushkina : In 2006, she was awarded the Homo Homini Award for human rights activism by the Czech group People in Need.
Svetlana Gannushkina : In 1990, she helped to found the group Citizen’s Assistance ("Grazhdanskoe Sodeistvie"), an NGO which campaigns for human rights, particularly with regard to immigrants and refugees in Russian society.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : FC Saarbrücken.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : In 2013, Germany coach Silvia Neid named her to the Germany squad for the 2013 UEFA Women's Euro competition.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : Dzsenifer Marozsán (; born 18 April 1992) is a footballer who plays professionally for Olympique Lyonnais in France and the German national team.
Dzsenifer Marozsán : Marozsán made her debut for the senior national team on in a match against Australia.
Blythe Danner : Danner has been involved in environmental issues such as recycling and conservation for over 30 years.
Blythe Danner : She has since appeared on morning talk shows and given interviews in such magazines as "People".
Blythe Danner : In 2005, she filmed a public service announcement to raise public awareness of the disease and the need for early detection.
Blythe Danner : In 2015, Danner was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.
Blythe Danner : In 2011, Danner joined Moms Clean Air Force, to help call on parents to join in the fight against toxic air pollution.
Blythe Danner : She has also appeared in commercials for Prolia, a brand of denosumab used in the treatment of osteoporosis.
Blythe Danner : From 2004 to 2006, she starred in the main cast of the comedy-drama series "Huff".
Blythe Danner : In the film version of Neil Simon's semi-autobiographical play "Brighton Beach Memoirs" (1986), she portrayed a middle-aged Jewish mother.
Blythe Danner : Her earliest starring film role was opposite Alan Alda in "To Kill a Clown" (1972).
Blythe Danner : The following year, she won a second consecutive Emmy Award for "Huff".
Blythe Danner : After the death of her husband Bruce Paltrow from oral cancer, she became involved with the nonprofit Oral Cancer Foundation.
Blythe Danner : The Bruce Paltrow Oral Cancer Fund, administered by the Oral Cancer Foundation, raises funding for oral cancer research and treatment, with a particular focus on those communities in which healthcare disparities exist.
Blythe Danner : Danner has Pennsylvania Dutch (German), and some English and Irish, ancestry; her maternal grandmother was a German immigrant, and one of her paternal great-grandmothers was born in Barbados (to a family of European descent).
Blythe Danner : She appeared in "Futureworld", playing Tracy Ballard with co-star Peter Fonda (1976).
Blythe Danner : In 1972, Danner portrayed Martha Jefferson in the film version of "1776".
Blythe Danner : She played lawyer Amanda Bonner in television's "Adam's Rib", also opposite Ken Howard as Adam Bonner.
Blythe Danner : She has a brother, opera singer and actor Harry Danner; a sister, performer-turned-director Dorothy "Dottie" Danner; and a maternal half-brother, violin maker William Moennig.
Blythe Danner : She played Zelda Fitzgerald in "F. Scott Fitzgerald and 'The Last of the Belles'" (1974).
Blythe Danner : She was the eponymous heroine in the film "Lovin' Molly" (1974) (directed by Sidney Lumet).
Blythe Danner : Danner appeared in the episode of "M*A*S*H" entitled "The More I See You", playing the love interest of Alda's character Hawkeye Pierce.
Blythe Danner : In the 1982 TV movie "Inside the Third Reich", she played the wife of Albert Speer.
Blythe Danner : Blythe Katherine Danner (born February 3, 1943) is an American actress.
Blythe Danner : From 2001 to 2006, she regularly appeared on NBC's sitcom "Will & Grace" as Will Truman's mother Marilyn.
Blythe Danner : Danner graduated from George School, a Quaker high school located near Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in 1960.
Blythe Danner : She has been active with INFORM, Inc., is on the Board of Environmental Advocates of New York and the Board of Directors of the Environmental Media Association, and won the 2002 EMA Board of Directors Ongoing Commitment Award.
Blythe Danner : That same year, she played a wife whose husband has been unfaithful, opposite Peter Falk and John Cassavetes, in the "Columbo" episode "Etude in Black".
Blythe Danner : She and Paltrow had two children together, actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Jake Paltrow.
Blythe Danner : Danner appeared opposite Robert De Niro in the 2000 comedy hit "Meet the Parents", and its sequels, "Meet the Fockers" (2004) and "Little Fockers" (2010).
Blythe Danner : A graduate of Bard College, Danner's first roles included the 1967 musical "Mata Hari" (closed out of town), and the 1968 Off-Broadway production of "Summertree".
Blythe Danner : She won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for portraying a free-spirited divorcée in "Butterflies Are Free" (1970).
Blythe Danner : For 25 years, she has been a regular performer at the Williamstown Summer Theater Festival, where she also serves on the Board of Directors.
Blythe Danner : In 2005, she was nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards for her work on "Will & Grace", "Huff", and the television film "Back When We Were Grownups", winning for her role in "Huff".
Blythe Danner : Her early Broadway appearances included "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1968) and her Theatre World Award-winning performance in "The Miser" (1969).
Blythe Danner : In 2006, Danner was awarded an inaugural Katharine Hepburn Medal by Bryn Mawr College's Katharine Houghton Hepburn Center.
Blythe Danner : Danner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Katharine (née Kile; 1909–2006) and Harry Earl Danner, a bank executive.
Blythe Danner : Danner co-starred with her daughter in the 1992 television film "Cruel Doubt" and again in the 2003 film "Sylvia", in which she portrayed Aurelia Plath, mother to Gwyneth's title role of Sylvia Plath.
Virginia Wade : In South Africa, Wade learned to play tennis.
Virginia Wade : In 1989, Wade was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island.
Virginia Wade : Sarah Virginia Wade, (born 10 July 1945) is a former professional tennis player from Great Britain.
Sylvia Syms : In 2009, she appeared in the film "Is Anybody There?"
Sylvia Syms : She grew up in Well Hall, Eltham and was educated at The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, on whose council she later served.
Sylvia Syms : Her daughter Beatie Edney is also an actress, and she is the aunt of musicians Nick and Alex Webb.
Sylvia Syms : She remains active in films, television and theatre.
Sylvia Syms : In her second film, "My Teenage Daughter" (1954), she played Anna Neagle's troubled daughter.
Sylvia Syms : alongside Michael Caine and Anne-Marie Duff and in the ITV1 drama series "Collision".
Sylvia Syms : Sylvia May Laura Syms, (born 6 January 1934) is an English actress, best known for her roles in the films "Woman in a Dressing Gown" (1957), "Ice Cold in Alex" (1958), "No Trees in the Street" (1959), "Victim" (1961), and "The Tamarind Seed" (1974).
Sylvia Syms : In 1958, she starred in the film "Ice Cold in Alex" (alongside John Mills, Anthony Quayle and Harry Andrews); that same year she appeared in the English Civil War film, "The Moonraker".
Luce Irigaray : This criticism brought her recognition.
Luce Irigaray : Since 1990, Irigaray's work has turned increasingly toward women and men together.
Luce Irigaray : She held a research post at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique since 1964, where she is now a Director of Research in Philosophy.
Luce Irigaray : In the 1960s, Irigaray started attending the psychoanalytic seminars of Jacques Lacan and joined the École Freudienne de Paris (Freudian School of Paris), directed by Lacan.
Luce Irigaray : In 1968, she received a doctorate in Linguistics from Paris X Nanterre.
Luce Irigaray : Luce Irigaray (born 3 May 1930) is a Belgian-born French feminist, philosopher, linguist, psycholinguist, psychoanalyst and cultural theorist who examined the uses and misuses of language in relation to women.
Luce Irigaray : In 1960 she moved to Paris to pursue a master's degree in Psychology from the University of Paris, which she earned in 1961, she also received a specialist diploma in Psychopathology from the school in 1962.
Luce Irigaray : She was expelled from this school in 1974 after the publication of her second doctoral thesis (doctorat d'État), "Speculum of the Other Woman" ("Speculum: La fonction de la femme dans le discours philosophique", later retitled as "Speculum: De l'autre femme"), which received much criticism from both the Lacanian and Freudian schools of psychoanalysis.
Annie Leibovitz : I mean, I want to be perfectly clear.
Annie Leibovitz : I looked him in the eye and we shook on it."
Annie Leibovitz : I love Susan."
Annie Leibovitz : They never lived together, though they each had an apartment within view of the other's."
Annie Leibovitz : You know, 'lovers' sounds romantic.
Annie Leibovitz : I like 'lovers.'
Annie Leibovitz : She later reiterated, "Call us 'lovers'.
Annie Leibovitz : She was awarded The Royal Photographic Society's Centenary Medal and Honorary Fellowship (HonFRPS) in recognition of a sustained, significant contribution to the art of photography in 2009.
Annie Leibovitz : Anna-Lou "Annie" Leibovitz (; born October 2, 1949) is an American portrait photographer.
Annie Leibovitz : During Sontag's lifetime, neither woman publicly disclosed whether the relationship was a platonic friendship or romantic.
Annie Leibovitz : For several years, she continued to develop her photography skills while holding various jobs, including a stint on a kibbutz in Amir, Israel, for several months in 1969.
Annie Leibovitz : On December 8, 1980, Leibovitz had a photo shoot with John Lennon for "Rolling Stone", and she promised him he would make the cover.
Annie Leibovitz : Leibovitz photographed the Rolling Stones in San Francisco in 1971 and 1972, and served as the concert-tour photographer for the Rolling Stones' Tour of the Americas '75.
Annie Leibovitz : When Leibovitz was interviewed for her autobiography "A Photographer's Life: 19902005", she said that the book told a number of stories, and "with Susan, it was a love story."
Carroll Baker : She formally retired from acting in 2002.
Carroll Baker : Carroll Baker (born May 28, 1931) is a retired American actress of film, stage, and television.
Carroll Baker : The following year, she made her film debut with a small walk-on part in the musical "Easy to Love" (1953).
Annie Cordy : Ouah !
Annie Cordy : This lasted until 1955.
Annie Cordy : This year, she also walked up the stairs to the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
Annie Cordy : Between numbers danced, she sang the hits of the moment.
Annie Cordy : She has a brother, Louis, and a sister, Jeanne.
Annie Cordy : This was also a success with more than a million of entries in France.
Annie Cordy : In 1972 she starred in the leading role of Hello, Dolly!
Annie Cordy : At eight years, her mother enrolled her in a dance class.
Annie Cordy : Her father's name was Cornelius January Cooreman and her mother, Maria de Leeuw.
Annie Cordy : She learnt piano and music theory, while pursuing her studies, and participates in charity galas.
Annie Cordy : In 1998, to mark her 50-year career, she gave a concert at the Olympia.
Annie Cordy : She was born in Laeken, Belgium, where in 2004, King Albert II of Belgium bestowed upon her the title of Baroness in recognition for her life's achievements.
Annie Cordy : Léonie, Baroness Cooreman, known by the stage name Annie Cordy (born 16 June 1928), is a Belgian actress and singer.
Annie Cordy : She is involved in the album "Joyeux anniversaire M'sieur Dutronc" which paid tribute to Jacques Dutronc.
Margaret Archer : Archer studied at the University of London, graduating B.Sc.
Margaret Archer : Margaret Scotford Archer (born 20 January 1943) is a British sociologist, who spent most of her academic career at the University of Warwick, UK, where she was for many years Professor of Sociology.
Ifi Amadiume : Ifi Amadiume (born 23 April 1947) is a Nigerian poet, anthropologist and essayist.
Ifi Amadiume : She is on the advisory board of the Centre for Democracy and Development, a non-governmental organisation that aims to promote the values of democracy, peace and human rights in Africa, particularly in the West African sub-region.
Ifi Amadiume : She joined the Religion Department of Dartmouth College, New Hampshire, US, in 1993.
Kamala Harris : Emhoff is Jewish.
Kamala Harris : Harris still refused.
Kamala Harris : Harris is a Baptist.
Kamala Harris : Believing the world needed "more socially aware prosecutors," Harris decided to seek a career in law enforcement because she wanted to be "at the table where decisions are made".
Kamala Harris : Over eight years, the program produced fewer than 300 graduates, but achieved a very low recidivism rate.
Kamala Harris : Harris has one younger sister, Maya Harris.
Kamala Harris : Harris has written two non-fiction books and one children's book.
Kamala Harris : Initiative participants (who are nonviolent, first-time drug offenders whose crimes were not weapon- or gang-related) plead guilty in exchange for a deferral of sentencing and regular appearances before a judge over a year-long period.
Kamala Harris : Harris' parents divorced when she was seven, and her mother was granted custody of Harris and her sister.
Kamala Harris : "The Washington Post" reported the 2018 income of Harris and Emhoff as $1.9 million.
Kamala Harris : In June 2018, she was quoted as "not ruling it out."
Kamala Harris : She later said allowing persons not eligible to work in the United States was a mistake, and modified the program to bar anyone who could not legally be employed in the United States.
Kamala Harris : As a teenager, Harris co-founded a small dance troupe of six dancers that played at community centres and fundraisers.
Kamala Harris : Her mother chose to give them both Sanskrit names derived from Hindu mythology to help preserve their cultural identity.
Kamala Harris : Harris's support rose by between 6 and 9 points in polls following that debate.
Kamala Harris : The program met some controversy because it initially included illegal immigrants, including one, Alexander Izaguirre, who was later arrested for assault.
Kamala Harris : Participants who succeed in obtaining a high-school-equivalency diploma, maintaining steady employment, taking parenting classes, and passing drug tests have their records cleared.
Kamala Harris : They married on August 22, 2014, in Santa Barbara, California.
Kamala Harris : Espinoza's killer was convicted of the murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Kamala Harris : As of that month, she was spending more on Facebook advertising than any other senator.
Kamala Harris : However, Sanders later broke this record after announcing his own 2020 presidential campaign.
Kamala Harris : Harris had been considered a top contender and potential frontrunner for the 2020 Democratic nomination for President.
Kamala Harris : She grew up attending both a Black Baptist church, where she and her sister sang in the choir, and a Hindu temple.
Kamala Harris : In July 2018, it was announced that she would publish a memoir, a sign of a possible run.
Kamala Harris : She was also close to her diplomat grandfather, P. V. Gopalan.
Kamala Harris : She also wrote the entry for Christine Blasey Ford when Ford was named one of the Time 100 people in 2019.
Kamala Harris : A 2008 "New York Times" article listing women who might have the potential to become president of the United States listed then-District Attorney Harris, suggesting she had a reputation as a "tough fighter."
Kamala Harris : She was a popular student at Westmount High School in Westmount, Quebec.
Kamala Harris : She also stumped for candidates in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina.
Kamala Harris : In the first 24 hours after her candidacy announcement, she tied a record set by Bernie Sanders in 2016 for the most donations raised in the day following announcement.
Kamala Harris : Over 20,000 people attended her formal campaign launch event in her hometown of Oakland, California on January 27, according to a police estimate.
Kamala Harris : As a child, Harris often visited her extended family in Chennai.
Kamala Harris : Three days later, Harris announced she would not seek the death penalty, angering the San Francisco Police Officers Association.
Kamala Harris : In April 2004, San Francisco Police Department Officer Isaac Espinoza was shot and killed in the line of duty.
Kamala Harris : Since becoming a Senator, she has supported single-payer healthcare, federal descheduling of cannabis, a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, the DREAM Act, a ban on assault rifles, and lowering the tax burden for the working and middle classes while raising taxes on corporations and the wealthiest one percent of Americans.
Kamala Harris : In 2009, a state law (the Back on Track Reentry Act, Assembly Bill 750) was enacted, encouraging other counties to start programs around a similar model.
Kamala Harris : Harris began kindergarten during the second year of Berkeley's school desegregation busing program, which adopted the extensive use of busing to attempt to bring racial balance to each of the city's public schools; a bus drove her to a school which, two years prior, had been 95% white.
Kamala Harris : Harris returned to California, where in 1989 she earned her Juris Doctor (J.D.)
Kamala Harris : She was admitted to the State Bar of California in 1990.
Kamala Harris : A member of the Democratic Party, she previously served as the 27th District Attorney of San Francisco from 2004 to 2011 and 32nd Attorney General of California from 2011 until 2017.
Kamala Harris : In 2004, as district attorney, Harris started the Back On Track initiative, a reentry program.
Kamala Harris : from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco.
Kamala Harris : Her sister is Maya Harris, an MSNBC political analyst, and her brother-in-law is Tony West, general counsel of Uber and a former United States Department of Justice senior official.
Kamala Harris : Harris is married to California attorney Douglas Emhoff, who was at one time partner-in-charge at Venable LLP's Los Angeles office.
Kamala Harris : Harris won the election as California's Attorney General in 2010 and was reelected in 2014 by a wide margin.
Kamala Harris : On November 8, 2016, she defeated Loretta Sanchez in the 2016 Senate election to succeed outgoing Senator Barbara Boxer, becoming California's third female U.S.
Kamala Harris : Senator and former San Francisco mayor Dianne Feinstein rose to the pulpit and called on Harris, who was sitting in the front pew, to secure the death penalty, prompting a standing ovation from the 2,000 uniformed police officers in attendance.
Kamala Harris : Harris was re-elected in 2007 when she ran unopposed.
Kamala Harris : Her mother, Shyamala Gopalan, was a Tamil Indian breast-cancer scientist who immigrated to the United States from Madras, India, in 1960 to pursue a doctorate in endocrinology at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley).
Kamala Harris : When Harris was 12, she and her sister moved with their mother to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where she had accepted a position doing research at Jewish General Hospital and teaching at McGill University.
Kamala Harris : In 2004, she was elected District Attorney of San Francisco.
Kamala Harris : She went on to Howard University in Washington, D.C. where she double-majored in political science and economics, was elected to the liberal-arts student council, was on the debate team, organized mentor programs for local youth, demonstrated against apartheid, and joined Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority.
Kamala Harris : In the 1990s, she worked in the San Francisco District Attorney's Office and the City Attorney of San Francisco's office.
Kamala Harris : Kamala Devi Harris was born on October 20, 1964 in Oakland, California.
Kamala Harris : Kamala Devi Harris ( ; born October 20, 1964) is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior United States Senator from California since 2017.
Kamala Harris : Her father, Donald Harris, is a Stanford University economics professor who emigrated from Jamaica in 1961 for graduate study in economics at UC Berkeley.
Kamala Harris : On January 21, 2019, Harris officially announced her candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 United States presidential election.
Femke Heemskerk : Individually she did not reach the semi-finals.
Femke Heemskerk : She competed in the European LC Championships 2006 and the European Short Course Swimming Championships.
Femke Heemskerk : She won her first individual medal, a silver medal, in the 200 m freestyle at the last day of the tournament.
Femke Heemskerk : With the same team she ended fourth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay.
Femke Heemskerk : Frederike Johanna Maria "Femke" Heemskerk (; born 21 September 1987) is a Dutch competitive swimmer who mainly specializes in freestyle, but also has a strong backstroke and medley.
Femke Heemskerk : In 2008 she swam at the 2008 European Aquatics Championships on the world record breaking 4×100 m freestyle team, which also won bronze in the World Championships the year before.
Femke Heemskerk : Individually she is owner of six national records, four in long course, 100 m and 200 m freestyle, 100 m backstroke, and 200 m individual medley, and two in short course, 200 m freestyle and 200 m individual medley.
Femke Heemskerk : At the 2007 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Debrecen she surprisingly finished 6th in her first international final, the 100 m freestyle.
Femke Heemskerk : At the World LC Championships 2007 she won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle together with Inge Dekker, Ranomi Kromowidjojo and Marleen Veldhuis.
Femke Heemskerk : During the National Championships in June 2008, Heemskerk lowered three national records on the long course, 200 m freestyle, 200 m individual medley and 100 m backstroke.
Femke Heemskerk : Femke Heemskerk made her international debut at the World LC Championships 2005 in Montreal as a relay-swimmer.
Femke Heemskerk : The next month she competed in Manchester at the World SC Championships 2008 where she again broke two relay records in the 4×200 m freestyle with the same team as in Eindhoven.
Fatou Keïta : Fatou Keïta (born in 1965) is an Ivorian writer of children's books and novels.
Dolora Zajick : Zajick has been described as having "one of the greatest voices in the history of opera".
Dolora Zajick : Dolora Zajick(born 24 March 1952) is an American mezzo-soprano opera singer who specializes in the Verdian repertoire.
Dolora Zajick : After this and graduating from the Manhattan School of Music, she was offered a place in the San Francisco Opera's Merola Program, she debuted with the San Francisco Opera as Azucena in "Il Trovatore" in 1986, which launched her to international acclaim.
Shu Qi : Lin Li-hui (, born 16 April 1976), better known by her stage name Shu Qi (), is a Taiwanese-Hong Kong actress and model.
Shu Qi : Shu Qi has been representing Frederique Constant in Asia as a brand ambassador since 2008.
Shu Qi : She eventually came under the management of Hong Kong film producer Manfred Wong, who signed her to several Hong Kong Category III films such as "Sex & Zen II" (1996).
Shu Qi : From 2006 to 2009, Shu Qi was selected by Kenzo Takada to be part of the third advertising campaign for its successful fragrance "Flower by Kenzo".
Shu Qi : In 2002, Shu starred in the French film "The Transporter", the first installment of the "Transporter" franchise.
Shu Qi : Shu was a member of the jury of the Berlin International Film Festival in 2008 and the Cannes Film Festival in 2009.
Shu Qi : In 2009, she, along with Frederique Constant and Paint-a-Smile Foundation, repainted the murals on the walls of the cardiology department at the Beijing Children's Hospital.
Shu Qi : She has since appeared in Hong Kong films such as "Portland Street Blues" (1998), "City of Glass" (1998), the box office hit "Gorgeous" (1999), Stanley Kwan's "The Island Tales" (1999) and Hou Hsiao-hsien's "Millennium Mambo" (2001), making her transition into mainstream acting.
Jane Birkin : Birkin emerged in the Swinging London scene of the 1960s, appearing in an uncredited part in "The Knack ...and How to Get It" (1965).
Jane Birkin : Jane Mallory Birkin, OBE (born 14 December 1946) is an English actress, singer, songwriter, and model.
Jane Birkin : At age 17, she met composer John Barry, whom she married in 1965 and with whom she had her first daughter, Kate, in 1967.
Jane Birkin : On 4 September 1982, she gave birth to her third daughter, Lou Doillon, from her relationship with the director Jacques Doillon.
Jane Birkin : In 1971, they had a daughter, the actress and singer Charlotte Gainsbourg.
Marina Alabau : Marina Alabau Neira (born 31 August 1985 in Seville) is a Spanish sailor.
Marina Alabau : She also won five gold medals at the European Championships.
Inge Dekker : Inge Dekker (born 18 August 1985) is a Dutch former competitive swimmer who specialised in butterfly and freestyle events.
